why you don't offered a certificate??
I was so disappointed in the end when I figure out that the course not include the certificate
Very little continuity between topics, even within the same week. There are different professors teaching each video module, and there is just massive variation in the knowledge required going into it, the slides, etc. It seems like professors were just asked to talk about their work for 10 minutes with little direction about the level of detail required and how it fits into the course overall. I am super interested in industrial biotech but this course was disappointing.
Great course, however you must offer a certificate
I'm a chemical engineer and I felt it is not to follow the course. Details are not explained as it is specified for a certain category of students. I'm interested in the field of bioprocess engineering but this course did not satisfy my expectations.
Certificate problems. The university logo does not fully load on the certifcate.
I completed my course but not getting certificate
I didn't receive my certificate yet
This course was very helpful and provide lot of information
Pursue the course only if it is absolutely critical to your career. The professors have a high level of knowledge doubtlessly, but so many of them just ramble about, stutter continuously, have external disturbances in their audio, use lots of industrial lingo without explaining, or just plainly reading from the presentations. There is a lot of knowledge to be obtained from this course, but the teaching experience of all but a few professors (Week 3, Week 5) is not up to par with rest of the courses on this platform.
this course presents a difficulty to be followed in a closer way. I may have a good chemical description of the chemichal process, but as long as this description is not with the draung or picture it is hard to be understood.We need slides information to be printed along the explanation on the video. That is missing
Very good course .but after completing the course I am unable to download my certificate tried out in many ways but couldn't download my certificate .
Some lectures where very good and very well presented, Others where unfollowable and too hard for a 'Beginners' course
the first week was so of point but the other weeks are grate and the other star for not having a certificate :(
It could've been more interactive and the notes in the ppt's more short and sweet .
a very nice course for a beginner like me to start understanding the wonderful world of biotechnology in industry. I would like to improve in this course is to offer a certificate of achievement.
Usable as a very general overview, detailed insight lacking.
Highly useful. But I wish there was an explanation for terms
i really like the course and it was quite informative
This is my 2nd online course so I will be comparing with that.This felt more like lecturers were given to talk straight out of notes, didn't feel like natural. 1 week has only 1 tests with massive amount of info for only 12 questions. 2-3 normal test after a few modules in the middle of week would be better (this tests don't count in graded section but only to flesh out more question opportunity) (this was the structure in my earlier MOOC)
The course gives an good overview - the first weeks were not as good as the last part of the course. The presenting style (especially in the first weeks) is quite old fashion. Nevertheless I am happy that I attended this course.
I think the lecture slides had too much information at the same time. If only the respective line or figure can be shown one at a time, it might be better.Thank you
very informative & technical course...course material can be limited..& i did not get certificate after completing the course
Great opportunity to learn biotechnology ,it shifted my perspective on biology and chemical science.
Some parts are really boring and exhaustive. The narration in some videos is too fast.
The course presents a comprehensive overview of significant Industrial Biotech achievements and most promising areas of study. The creators put great emphasis on genetic engineering opportunities. However, in the real enzyme world, true non-GMO enzymes can be perfectly applied in many cases, specifically in the food sector with very high yields and selectivity. I would love to see more specifics on how some certain enzymes were developed, how some certain genes were picked with a further tune-up of the downstream process. Overall, I enjoyed the course a lot, specifically the part about next-generation biofuels and biopharmaceutical synthesis.
There are some pesky details which are relevant only for a very specific set of learners but nevertheless are part of the tests. On the other hand, the course, in general is well developed and well presented. The focus is on introducing the immense possibilities in the field while giving some technical knowledge to understand and appreciate the advancements in this field. Great course for a beginner. My advice to a general learner would be to not get bogged down if you get low scores in the tests and focus on long term learning gains.
A great course from wonderful professors. I am really thankful to them. The course is not completely for beginners. You need some preliminary knowledge of drugs designing, bioinformatics,tissue engineering to completely understand the course.  The details and prospects of biofuels , biopharmaceuticals ,biomaterials are really exciting!
Very informative and captivating course. I feel like my understanding of biotechnology is now at a point where I can pick up topics of interest to learn more at my leisure. I'd love to take another course like this.Most of the lecturers were great, except for the glycoscience Prof., who just read out long wordy slides.
Overall it's a great course to generally peek into Industrial Biotechnology. Since my major is biochemistry, this course is not difficult for me to catch up with. It's quite a good resource for academic researchers to broaden the horizons, especially in applications and real cases of their research.
this course is benificial for those who want to revised their acadamic syllabus in fast way this course includes some of main chapter of biotechnology engg,This short term course is very useful for those whose are unable to go out for internship in this pandemic.thanking you!
A great course for those who are to work in industries or become an entrepreneur.The course gave the basic and in depth knowledge on Enzymes, Synthetic Biology, Biochemistry and Bioprocess Engineering, Glycoscience and Biopharmaceuticals.
It is well stablish but I think that in some lessons the thematic is way too deepen, more that what it should, and in other is just too simple. I would reorganize better the course and work with more pedagogic slides.
I really loved this course, I gained more knowledge in terms of general industrial biotechnology. However, It would be tremendously helpful to put some examples of applied techniques in production of bio medicines.
The course content is very important and updated. it will be a great support in our career as well. thank you so much for attractive presentations.There are some issues related to the obtaining of the certificate.
Good overview of industrial biotechnology. I especially enjoyed the modules on bioprocessing, they were general enough to teach broadly applicable concepts. The later modules were a little too specific for me.
Please, note that the test to the 3rd week has lots of "X" marked at the end of some questions: the sames that are the correct showing the response before the students can even think about the questions.
The content was interesting and the breadth of knowledge shared was impressive as well. I think I would have enjoyed more in-depth video content on some of the topics, but overall it was a good course.
A comprehensive introduction to the world of industrial biotechnology. For the most part the course  is detailed enough to keep you interested. Gets a bit generic and repetitive towards the end though.
Several interesting topics are teached along the course, however the structure of the course seems to be  a little bit disorganized in some of the weeks. Also, the videos could be more appealing.
its been amazing to learn this course. I've gained a lot of knowledge on this subject. i would definitely  recommend to try out this course if one has interest in biotechnology. thank you.
It was really useful and thus, i could learn about this before my semester classes. It was very informative. But i was really disappointed because you didn't offer the certificate.
Interesting and engaging course although does not go as in depth as I had expected; would have liked to learn more and to look more into the biochemistry behind the technology
It was usefull. The course gave a very clear idea of the use of enzymes in industry, bioenergy, bio pharmaceuticals. thanks to all Professor who could take these lectures
I really enjoyed completing the industrial biotechnology course. Very informative course for me. I learned many important thing about industrial biotechnology. Thank you
Good overview of the topics for industrial Biotechnology. One more chapter for industrial production of glycoscience or tissue production would be benefical.
Very great initiative to aware students of knowledge from home itself...and helpful to add up in future opportunities..if provided with certificate.
it's an amazing course which highlights every essential part involved in industrial biotechnology while suggesting advancements for future.
If the course is more interactive, it will one of the best course for bio-technologist. But the course materials are at good standard.
Very interesting and complete course. However, this is from 4 years ago now and it would be nice to know how is it nowadays.
I have learnt a lot out of what I expected. Working in a pharmaceutical sector, week 3 and week 6 lessons are my favorite.
It is a great course for beginners to learn the different aspects of biotechnology, especially industrial biotechnology.
Very enjoyable and insightful course. I will be using this as a springboard in my future research projects.
Hello sir,it will be more better if you add more examples in the sessions. overall it is very good part .
This is a great introductory course into industrial biotechnology that made me want to learn more!
Gained a broad understanding of the biotechnology field (methods of production, formulation, ect)
the lectures about the structure of the medicines was a bit too much but over all quite good
It's a very eye opening course. I really enjoyed learning so many things from this course
Course was a great overview of the topic. Lots of examples of the uses of biotechnology
fairly inquisitive course, great insights of industrial processes and approaches.
It was very information. I got a huge perception about IB processing.
This course should more acurrely , but has intersting facts
I didn't get any certificate so little bit disappointed.
This course was important for knowledge provide me
Lectures were superb, understanding and convenient
this  is really helpful for me  for extra study
Easy to understand and gain more knowledge.
Great lectures and learning opportunities
Nice experience in learning new concepts
i thankful for such a amazing course
thank it was very fruitful content
It was very much helpful course.
it an educative course. I luv it
it was informative and precise
Good and informative course
Very informative course!!
it was nice to read
perfect .. but it will be amazing with certificate
Very informative and very well organised course and it really helped me provide a good insight into the world of Biotechnology, the applications in the health sector and its potential in the future.
I really enjoyed this course and although I am not a chemist nor a research biotech guy, I am a dentist that enjoyed the opportunity to learn more about industrial biotechnology.   Thanks so much!
Hi, i am taking this online course via coursera i would like to know if their is a certificate of recognition for the course?
Extraordinary MOOC. All speakers presented the most important current topics in industrial biotechnology. Very well documented and the expertise of all exposers quite evident. My current field is precisely biotechnology (production of rec proteins) and I really enjoyed this MOOC. I strongly recommend it. Congratulations to U. of Manchester.
Great course, but Why don't give certificate?. I am very interested in the doctorate (PhD) of Biotechnology at the University of Manchester.
Extremely interesting course. Also very attractive due to examples of biotechnology examples of real industrial applications.
This is a great course for beginners and provide very extensive knowledge on Industrial Biotechnology and the applications
It is outstanding course to get informed about advanced information. I really learn from this course. Thank you! Coursera
It would be better if there would be a certificate for it
This is a really fascinating course that sparked my enthusiasm for industrial biotechnology. Information incorporated encompasses a broad variety of basic sciences and advanced technology.
Awesome intro to modern technologies and production processes used in the Biotech Industry!  Does a great job of detailing where the industry is headed in the upcoming years.
Synthetic biology, industrial fermentation and green chemistry are integrated into the course and it is well organized and is a nice interdisciplinary course.Thanks.
The lectures were divided into modules that were appropriate in length/tie. Speakers were very easy to comprehend and the outline of the topics were well presented.
It was really wonderful course I really enjoyed the material and presentation of material and assessment.
PRETTY GOOD COURSE TO GET AN OVERALL IDEA ABOUT THIS FIELD
A useful overview of modern biotech
it was pretty good. I learned a lot. Im from Dominican Republic and i didnt know how wonderful and widely is this area of industrial biotechnology. it makes me wanna know more about all of this
This was a very interesting course. It showcased a variety of techniques that are currently being applied in the field of biotechnology. This course provided a wide variety of industrial applications of biotechnology being applied in various sectors.
such a excellent platform, educators are so well they explained each and every concept in very simplified way.I am very happy to gain a lots of knowledge abot actual industrial biotechnology
Thanks to all professors of the Industrial Biotechnology course. The course syllabus was very well designed with every topic being taught in depth; which allowed me to learn a lot and enjoy each topic. My only complaint is that given the advanced level of the course there was not certificate available. I would like that in the future the University of Manchester offers in Coursera a specialization degree in Industrial Biotechnology and later a master and doctorate degree in the same field.
Besides, I would like that, given the depth experience of University of Manchester in this field, also offer courses in Molecular Tools for microorganism identification in soils and water and Microbial inoculant formulation for environmental and agriculture uses.
Thanks again for this wonderful course,

Patricia MartinezBest Regards,
Patricia Martinez


Mostrar mensaje original
It really was a course that contributed a lot to me, I am a student of engineering in agro-industrial processes and complement my knowledge about: -The enzymes, how they work, how they are manufactured, their classification etc. -Synthetic biology which is an evolving field, designing a genome,production of useful molecules, the central dogma, directed metabolomics -Biochemical and bioprocess engineering, the subject of material balance was really captivating for me, I managed to understand the subject with the everyday examples it describes. I could go on to describe all the knowledge that this course offers, but in reality I can only recommend this course.                           THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
I think that this course actually requires moderately strong understanding of Organic Chemistry to understand certain sections, such as the fourth module on pharmaceutical processes. The case studies used in that module could certainly be simplified and conveyed more effectively to students lacking the Organic Chemistry foundation and better labeling of diagrams would allow us to keep track of the numerous chemical processes. Overall, it provides a tremendously reliable projection of the future of biotechnology applications and how students like myself could apply basic science concepts to productive and life-changing research.
This is one of the best courses available on Coursera for the Biotech enthusiasts. Each module/chapter is designed in a way that covers a lot of important topics. The lectures are recorded by highly experienced industry experts cum professors. I have learned a great deal out of it. If given a chance (many variables) I would personally like to attend a masters or doctoral program in this university. I am a bit disappointed by the fact that the course doesn't offer a certificate. But I would still give it a 5 star for the excellent course structure and contents.
The overall course content was highly informative and gave me a wider range of knowledge but in certain videos i felt that it must be updated to recent content as in some places it was mentioned about the information that was available in 2013 but its 2020 now with so much things that have been developed so an updation would be helpful.. The course has motivated me to further pursue in this domain of biotechnology. I sincerely thank every faculties who made this course very informative.
Good introduction in to the area. Gives even a non-specialist a good understanding of the current state, trends and developments in the field and related areas, as well as provides numerous sources for further reading. I enjoyed taking it, and hope that investing in this course will later pay off by advancing my career.
An excellent introductory course for researchers of Industrial biotechnology. Every aspects of of advancements of industrial applications of biological systems were covered and well explained by experts of respective fields. I highly recommend this course for fellow researchers focused in bio-industrial sector.
This was a very informative and insightful course about the numerous applications of Biotechnology in the industry, and also about the growing futuristic trends in the fields of biopharmaceuticals, bioenergy and biomaterials.I sincerely thank the course instructors for putting up this wonderful course.
Even as a graduate student in MSC biotechnology, i found this course immensely helpful in not only acting as a refresher for all the basic stuff ,but also a good update on the new things going on in parts that are not in my immediate interest. Thanks to the awesome Manchester team for an amazing Mooc!
Overall, a great brush-up course for a biotechnologist but is not at all recommadable to someone new to this field. Applicative part is imprevise and i learnt many new things about molecules i knew but did not acknowledge. I would refer this course to every biotechnology aspirant.
I really enjoyed this course. This course is very interesting and very helpful for me. This course gives me alot of knowledge and interest in this course.I learn many things from this course and really i enjoyed this course...Great course.
Great insight offered by University of Manchester into the field of Industrial Biotechnology. Being a Chemical Engineering student, I learnt a lot, especially the industrial aspects, and realized the tremendous potential in this subject.
Really enjoyed the insightful pieces of experience the professors give us about what they do within the field of Industrial Biotechnology along with their description of whatever concept they explain. Keep up the good work!
It was really a nice course, I enjoyed every bit of it, the lectures had covered all the essential subjects of the Industrial Biotechnology, thanks for everyone who participated in the creation of this high quality course!
Great Course to keep the knowledge fresh and also to learn a lot about different ways in which you can innovate in Biotechnology. I struggled a little with week four, but anyways it was a great course I enjoyed it, Thanks
The course from Manchester University, England, has provided the essential insights and scintillated on the cutting-edge technology in Industrial Biotechnology, Chemical Engineering, and Biopharmaceutical Technology.
It was the most helpful course i found bundle of knowledge and information about working of enzymes action and activities in pharmaceutical making and different enzymes degradations in the future for Biotechnology.
The course on Industrial Biotechnology was well structured. All the lectures were excellent and given deep insight in application and synthesis of enzymes, biomaterial, bioenergy  and pharmaceuticals. Thank You.
Very good overview.
One will find new and deepening knowledge no matter what background one comes
from. I’m from an engineering school and this was both a good repetition in
some areas and an eyeopener in other.
Well designed Course. It gives a brief knowledge on all the important topics of Industrial Biotechnology and explaination of each of the professor is amazing. I learned a lot from this short course. Thank you!!
Great course delivered by experts in the field! I would thoroughly 
recommend this course to anyone interested in biotechnology. I have a 
degree in chemistry and I found this course to be very enjoyable!
Was fun to get more insight into what is possible in biotechnology, and the thought processes behind it. Most lectures were well excecuted. I will definetely be continuing my study of industrial biotech.
An eye-opener indeed. Particularly on the trends and prospects in the application of bio-molecular techniques in the industries and the in silico design and modification of enzymes ; fascinating indeed.
It is a great course, full of information and additional materials to complement the lectures. I strongly recommend it for someone who wants to be updated on new techniques in the biotech industry.
It was very easy to understand the concepts, super interesting and engaging. You learn a lot of the applications biotechnology already has and the many more it I’ll have in the future.
Really educational course. Good case studies. Good Introduction to the industrial biology world. Nice mix of instructors with different specialties. I feel like I've learned a lot!
It is a good course, where I learned many things about the industrial biotechnology. Although in the university I saw many things about this theme, here I deepened my knowledge.
Even though I successfully completed and haven't received the certificate , this course has provided me a great chance to get an idea about the industrial bio technology sector.
This course gives you an overview of industrial biotechnology, it is very well illustrated with examples. It also offers complementary material to consult. Excellent, thanks!
The course is very informative, fun, and enlightening. The topics are presented in a way that it could be picked up by anyone with little to no experience in the topic.
It was really informative course and I got to learn many new and advanced things in Industrial Biotechnology. My favorite topic was Pharmaceuticals and fine chemicals.
Everything  is interesting and a good course to improvise our thinking skills practically but only issue from my side was 1 or 2 lectures were not audible properly.
All aspects of industrial biotechnology are very well explained by professors.It was really beneficial and worth to enroll for industrial biotechnology course.
Very informative course. Starts with the basics and gradually introduces and builds upon the concepts. The questions in the assessment are also very well made.
The course gave me better knowledge on how industrial biotechnology works and what are its different aspects. It was very insightful and enjoyable experience!
It is great course for folks longing to learn on recent advancements in the field of biotechnology!. As a engineer, it is great one to learn on science area.
This course given compherensive idea about various fields biotechnologist can perform. It is good have such vast diverse knowledge for considersing options.
This 6 week cource is very interesting and is useful for young learners to get knowledge about the field .I thank the University for initiating this cource
I know more about how the biotechnology used in industry to solve the problems and the trend of biotechnology. Thank you for the professor in this course.
Great and well-planned course! All the modules were explained clearly and effectively, and the course has developed my interest in the field of science.
This is an excellent course. Each module is motivating to become a researcher in Industrial Biotechnology. Thanking  Coursera for providing this course.
I really enjoyed this course and although . I am a student that enjoyed the opportunity to learn more about industrial biotechnology ...Thanku so much
A good course to begin to know the importance of biotechnology in different industries. Provides a lot of knowledge in areas of great importance
Best course that provides the structure and applications with various day to day life examples, techiques  of the Industrial biotechnology.
I got more knowledge to upgrade my expertise in conducting my research and teaching of my class. Thank you for this awesome online class.
Thank you so much for a wonderful course . It helped me a lot to clear my biotechnology basics and improved my process designing skills.
A great overview about Industrial Biotechnology (if you are a biotechnology studendt, you'll probably consider this course too basic).
I am very thankful to the organizers for arranging this course. The presentations and resource materials were informative and useful.
Extremely interesting course. Also very attractive due to examples of biotechnology examples of real industrial applications.
This is the best course in biotechnology.Every single lesson inspires you.And the teachers are undoubtedly one of the best.
This course is an excellent example for the beginners. I only wish there is a specialization course for the bio-fuel cells.
This course is very informative and knowledgeable. Learnt many new aspects and techniques of Industrial Biotechnology.
I think it is an excellent course, very extensive and that talks about an overview of biotechnology and bioprocesses.
its very informative. i learn a lots of new things here. the professor explain all the topic in very easy way.
Very good, it gave me a perspective on the area of biotechnology, it was very worthwhile to take this course.
Highlighting important section/chapters in a concise way informative and compact course. Highly recommended.
It is a very good course I learned a lot of things from this course. It is very interesting course. Thanks.
Very informative and helpful course..It is best idea to use your energy and time in something productive
The course was very useful as it gave insights to  complex areas like synthetic biology in a simple way
I am very satisfied with this course. It's been very interesting and helpful for my career development.
This program is awesome, i advise people out there to take a look at it, it will be very beneficial !!
Peffect I am graduated from biotechnology in Baccalaureus and thic course are improving my knowledge
Very interesting course and the way of delivery made possible for beginner to understand the course
This coure is realy helpful and almost contains everything related to biotechnology and its scope.
Great course as introduction to industrial biotechnology. More difficult than imagined initially.
It is a. Very helpful couseful with full knowledgeable content about industrial biotechnology.
Very beautiful course...made very easy by the facilitators. Thank you for the outstanding job.
nice deep and thorough knowledge of the subject. highly helpful during the pandemic lockdown.
I enjoyed my time in studying this course.The explanations were brief and easy to understand.
The Online Classes are Perfect with Qualified Teachers.But the Course certificate is Pending
course was well designed and experts have delivered the contents in the most appropriate way
It covers a lot of basic knowledge and concepts in IB, which is very friendly for beginners.
I LEARNED A LOT ABOUT IT.I LEARNED HOW THEY USE BIOLOGICAL RESOURCES FOR INDUSTRIAL PROCESS
EXCELLENT course!!!Thank you coursera team to the golden opportunity you have given to me.
I have learnt alot regarding my research in bioprocess engineering and mycotoxins control.
It's a very good course...for people who are interested in production...and biotechnology
Excellent course , taught me the insights of many mechanisms,techniques, and applications
This is very important course,its change my life.i learned lot of things in this course.
Nice, good exposure to all advanced technology of industrial. Great advance technology.
This course has no certificate..... Otherwise I learned many things from this course..
This course is well informative and enriched my concepts. The course is well designed
This course has really given me an insight about this course Industrial Biotechnology
Very interesting, definitely requires prior knowledge in biotechnology to understand
Absolutely interesting to be part of the great course, hope you enjoyed it too!!!
nice course...good for beginners interested in learning Industrial Biotechnology.
A very complete and comprehensive course, although a bit superficial. I love it.
Now I am sure that I want to do my master degree in Industrial Biotechnology!!!!
Very useful material for my career, also easy and understandable explanations
An excellent course was a great refresher course on Industrial biotechnology.
It was very much knowledgeable and informative..Thank you so much for this..
highly educative and insightful would love to take a course in Biotechnology
I am unable  to download  my certificate  after completing all the 6 weeks
It was really insightful and informative. I learnt alot from this course.
amazing course. Very informative, interesting and well explained course.
knowledgeable section attaining . day to day life study biotechnology .
great experience while learning and learned a lot from the assignment
Excellent Course,Useful to Biotechnologist and also to Industrialist.
I am absolutely overjoyed and cannot thank you enough for helping me!
Its a great course. I am very much pleased to complete this course.
Great course, especially for those, who knows the matter a little.
GREAT COURSE WITH EXCELLENT TEACHINGBUT WE NEED POWERPOINT SLIDES
i  am learn  industrial biotechnology course it is very learnfull
the experience is very nice ,all the topics are very informative
The best course from any online course providing site, Thak you
I learned a lot from this course. Thanks for certificate 🌸🌸
I like to do this industrial biotechnology, it's very helpful
The course content and delivery by professors were excellent.
Excellent!!!Provides an overview of current biotechnology
I have completed this course when i get the certificate
this course give good knowledge about biomedical field
It was really an informative and well managed program
it was very informative and i learned a lot from it
Thank for this effort really i got Good knowledge
Easy to understand content, quite useful for me
very informative and career developing course.
Shows exactly what is industrial biotechnology
GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!! I HAVE LEARNT SO SO MUCH!!!
Great course and so may new things was learn.
this is really helpful it is more informative
Great course but could not find a certificate
its very intersting. i enjoyed new technology
Broad range of topics presented very clearly!
Excellent learning platform, thank u so much
Course was good, but without a certificate..
Very informative. I learned with hard work.
Very Crude Subject with great explanation.
It is very good course  and i learned lot
OUTSTANDING COURSE VERY MUCH INFORMATIVE
this course is great. thanks to coursera
This course was quite useful. Thank you.
I get most of knowledge from this course
It was very helpful.Thank you, everyone.
But I Am Not Receiving My Result Mail's.
Very helpful and detailed explanantion.
The course was interesting and helpful.
It is very interesting and informative
Nice course with valuable information
Very interesting and complete course.
The greatest course I have ever had
Good MOOC to learn the fundamentals
more informative and nice lecture
It was a perfect course, thanks.
It was fun to learn ..enjoy it..
the  corse was very educatIve.
it is nice and very help full
Nice app for learner students
it was a very useful course
Excellent knowledge gained
Really informative topics
It's very useful courses
awesome new learning...
very helpfull course.!!
It is really great app
Really concise course
Really insightful
Absolutely best.
I learned so
Is very good
all is well
its easy
