This course is bad!

I had come upto week 4. While Chris Impey is knowledgeable and good, the course structure is very poor and leaves  a lot to be desired. I would venture to make some suggestions:

a. Restrict each video to a max of 7 minutes. More than that makes one sleepy.

b. Reduce the number of videos in each module to a max of say 6. 

c. Instead of having Chris expound it like an audio reading, please include some slides, pictures,tables so that the matter to be learnt becomes self evident and Chris doesn't have to speak so much.  A good example is the Coursera "The Global Financial Crisis", which I am also doing currently.

d. If you feel all the material in this course has to be studied, then to achieve the objectives in (a) and (b) above, divide this course into two parts, Astronomy: Exploring Time and Space - part I & II.

e. The written assignments are very simple and do not require any mental resources other than memory. Can you make the questions more challenging? For example, in Telescopes (Assignment 2), can you not ask a question like "In addition to Atacama, Chile, using Google earth, which other parts of the globe may be suitable for installation of ground based telescopes?" or "To obviate the blurring effect of the atmosphere, discuss the possibility of high altitude balloon based telescopes?" or "What do you feel about the fact that since today's mobile phones have high computing ability, their components can be used to make a low-cost space based interferometric telescopes?"
Kudos to Chris and his team! On the whole, knowledge wise, this is a good course.
I can't have my certirficate and already I pay for it!
The mayor problem is "peer graded activities"...
Too many writing assignments and calification by peers.
Entertaining, but very basic. Suits a beginner with very little knowledge of physics.
In general, it's a good course for beginners - apart from the random videos and music sometimes. Prof. Chris seems honest, but there are many and serious mistakes about the "Scientific Revolution", for example: the old jargon "Church vs. Science" or "Dark Ages" (applied to all Medieval Period, not only to the first centuries after the Fall of Rome). The most recent historiography refutes these biased ideas.
It gets boring after some time because there is no Maths and nothing to keep you involved. But, otherwise, it is a good course. You will get to learn a lot of new things and a great overview of almost everything... Recommended!
Lectures pretty dry and boring. No links provided to other sites or resources.No reading list. No vocabulary or notes available to download other than lecture.Totally lecture based. Boring.
Unnecessarily lengthy but overall a good introductory course into astronomy :)
Good content but it's a bit too easy.
This class is very informative, but I am curious as to the astronomical discoveries that are happening now or what has progressed since the videos were first made, though I know it is quite difficult for the classes to be updated due to the time consumption it would take. Also, there is language used throughout that holds a background in physics and other astronomy-linked fields that I had no prior knowledge of and the course does not delve into those fields and it is expected to be known by the student, which is fine, but I would recommend taking other classes that are kin to this field of study to really get a complete grasp of it's universe. Peer graded writing assignments are a great way to get students involved and takes that time consuming grading process away from the busy professor, but I do think that some of the students taking this course are not looking at what the correct answers are that are given by the professor, for what the professor is looking for, and instead is grading to what they are looking for. There were many times when I had the information that the professor was looking for, but other students thought it was not good enough. It is all subjective I suppose. This is just my reflection of the course. I am grateful that this sort of thing exists, and that anyone, for free, can continue to learn on a multitude of subjects.
I took the survey and hopefully I can continue with this course because I enjoy learning about Astronomy .I've taken other courses and hope that I can continue doing this .  I have problems with my computer and trying to understand the format but I will do my best because I do like to learn more about this subject.
A helpful course to reacquaint myself with astronomy and cosmology. I especially enjoyed the citizen science components of the course.
Needs to be updated; other than that, a great starting point to learn astronomy
It is a very informative and systematically planned course.
It was an interesting course. What I would like to see is a course offered that is a bit more intensive. Perhaps with a bot of mathematics involved. What I see offered is entry level survey courses that are quite easy and then advanced courses that require knowledge of second or third year mathematics. A course or a certificate (4-5 courses) that bridges the gap between the two would be a benefit. Thank you
It was interesting and gives you knowledge at a large extent, the only thing lacking is a role of mathematics in this course.
Good one. Detailed.Too much of video clips from television etc.  Can avoid those.
it would help if the course have subs in spanish
The course in general is very interesting and anyone who's even slightly intrigued by Astronomy and the universe we live in will find it very satisfying. The video lectures were great, and supplementary materials were in abundance.However, some of the material was quiet hard to understand, especially for non-native English speakers like me. I'd improve the accompanying subtitles for the video lectures (some of them were actually misleading).Some of the lectures included animations, simulations and external footages that really helped understanding some of the complexed materials - more of these would have been great (they were indeed missing sometimes).Also, the later subjects were more interesting than the first ones, and though I understand the importance of understanding the basics before diving into the "deep water", I'd make the first classes more brief (history of astronomy, the scientific method), and extend the later subjects (astrobiology, distant galaxies, the Solar System planets and moons, etc.)Overall, I had really great time, and I definetely recommend this course to anyone :)
This course
covers all basic elements of astronomy and cosmology. The Professor is great
and the lectures are very clear and effective. No math skills or previous knowledge of the topic is required. An important limitation, however, is that much of the material is
outdated. Some videos were recorded as far back as 2010! In the sciences everything
changes fast, and a few years can make a big difference. I think the year the
lectures were recorded should be indicated in the course’s info page, so that learners
know this in advance.The staff
is great and the mentor always answers readily and kindly on forums.
The contents of the course are great and prof. Impey is a great communicator. The course is easy to follow, the final chapters on galaxies and cosmology are a bit more difficult but that is due to the nature of the subject and I applaud that the prof does not "dumb it down" or brushes over such difficult ans speculative subjects. I minor nuisance for me were the frequent songs and funny videos interspersed in the course content. It would have been better if they were separate from the main videos or otherwise could be easily skipped by people who don't have a lot of time. overall a great course!
The course is great, videos and material are excellent, professor and mentors are very helpful. The assignments grading scheme, therefore is a disaster. It is very frustrating to do an assignment and get bad grades from people who didn't had any effort to do it. They simply spam bad grades over the others, and when you see their submission is always plagiarized content from Wikipedia, Space.com, Forbes or any other website. Because of that I will not give 5 stars. It would be 5 if mentors or the professor evaluated the assignments.
Course was excellent.  Prof. was excellent.  I am a retired nurse so I took the course because of my lifelong interest in astronomy, science and the unknown.  My only complaint is that I could not complete the last quiz because I could not get the micro-observatory to work on my Mac OS.  My husband is a computer engineer and he could not get it to work on his computer either.  This was disappointing!
I've always been fascinated about space and astronomy and there are so many questions that come in my mind and at times there are certain questions that you never ask yourself because you have too little knowledge and this course has given me the answers to all my questions and has increased my curiosity about the the world out there and thus inspired me to learn even more about the universe.
Really enjoyable course. Fascinating subject matter. Some course materials could do with being brought up to date with the latest developments. But then the pace of progress is breathtaking. As a beginner, I have learned a great deal and will continue more in-depth learning via the many excellent internet facilities.Thanks to Professor Impey and Arizona University.
There should be some improvement in the course ,  the course name is astronomy:exploring space & time so according to me the course should have included topics related to time-travel , 3d space, 4d space , einsteins theories . But besides that the professor was very knowledgeable and videos he included in his lecture were really interesting.
A very informative course for begineers. I personally find this course a very informative. This course provides me information about some areas of astronomy which i don't even know before. Moreover, this course increases my interest in Astrophysics. In the end, a big THANKS to professor Chris impey who taught it so well.
Pretty good, some of the units drag on a little but most of the content is very interesting and the instructional videos include very funny videos or videos from pop-culture, which makes some of them very entertaining. I feel like I have definitely broadened by knowledge by taking a chance on this comprehensive course.
The course is very good and I liked the prof. My only complaint is that the lectures themselves and the videos within them are becoming a bit dated. My knowledge in astronomy was not extensive coming into the course and I feel like now I have a better understanding of the expanse of the field.
Coherent and related to subject matter. Materials are linked and presentation is good. Text is well writing and congruent. Some material is quite outdated but not antiquated. Unable to effectively use http://archive.stsci.edu/hst/hsc/ versions 3 ,2 or 1 yet. May be insufficient OS or browser.
Very interesting, well presented. I do prefer the format of The Moons couse on futurelearn however, found it hard to stay awake watching videos even though they are interesting. I think having to scroll and open links on the futurelearn site is enough to keep me awake and engaged.
It was one of the best course i have undertaken in Coursera. Prof. Chuck is a very knowledgable person. Enjoyed a lot along with learning. Very interesting course. Although if there could have been some updates on the recent findings in the field, it would have been more awesome.
I have been fascinated with Astronomy since childhood. In the Boy Scouts, I had learned a lot when I received my Starman badge. This course gave me more of an insight into the heavens and I am grateful to the University of Arizona to let me take this course free of charge.
I loved learn with him. The informations are easy to understand and the switch between slides and videos is just a great idea. I just ask to instore the 1-point-notation, when we review our peers.  I recommend this course to everyone who is interesting by astronomy!!
I found this course a great introduction to Astronomy. Unfortunately some fo the content is out-of date but it is easy to find the more recent information on these areas generally on the internet. I have recommended this course to others and they are enjoying it.
It is a very comprehensive course and the professor speaks a good English what make easier to follow the lessons. The materials used are quite good and I am enjoining  it.Have completed a survey about course under the name TITAN
The course is really interesting. The space always fascinates me a lot, and I have obtained much knowledge about our solar system, the Milky way, and the universe. Ready for more advanced courses in this area:)
This Course is very much informative, but you have to keep in mind that the completion(certification) of this course might take huge time even months as there might not be any peer to review your assignment.
Excellent and complete course where i learnt a lot with passion. I met problems with some links, but in general is fantastic.  I got more fascinating knowledge but more question to keep learning.
This course need more polishing by some feasible experiments. Sometime we get wander from the crux. Overall topics and in-depth demonstration by Professor Chris Impey  is quite mesmerizing.
A good introduction to some of the more difficult aspects of astronomy and astrophysics for a person that wants a top level overview of string theory and the creation of the universe.
The course is excellent and gives us an idea how astronomical studies are and how it is divided and organised. It is absolutely opt for who want to start their career in astronomy
A really good course to get an overview of the topic and the Professor is quite good too. This is an easy course to recommend, for interest or certificate.
The course for beginner who want to know about basic in sciene and astronomy. You will understand the phenomena of our world, our galaxy and the universe.
Good and clear explanations. At the end it became more difficult since filosophie was involved which for me opened my ey. Some 'slides' are old fashioned.
It was a very good experience and super experience to add p your knowledge, but I face a problems only while reviewing peers otherwise it is best.
Sometimes the videos are poorly edited, and the semi relevant videos last for much too long, but I learned a lot and it's a reallly good course!
Loved the course, Dr. Chris Impey is perspicuous in his lectures. Wish I had taken coursera classes when I was a student when I had more time.
Great course! Full of excellent explanations from Dr. Impey. It leaves you with the anxiety to keep learning about this amazing science.
Sometimes very repetitive, especially in the Teach Astronomy readings, but overall an interesting and informative course.
Very nice. Something to improve: mix quizes with videos and not all videos first and then the quizes
Good course inviting the scientific thought process to evolve instead of believing the old stories.
For someone that had never studied astronomy before this it was a little hard, but worth it.
It was an amazing course. Learned a lot of things about space and time that i was unaware.
Excellent course but i think the lectures could be designed to be more interesting.
Interesting course, well explained with videos to get fun and amazing music.
Provides much detailed information relating astronomy and its techniques
ONE OF THE BEST WAYS TO LEARN ABOUT YOUR INTERESTS IN THIS ASTRONOMY.
A good course, however, it could have been a bit more engaging.
Overall outstanding, but some information is too dated.
An extremely good introductory course in astronomy.
It was a very interesting course that I enjoyed
A very good introduction course to astronomy
it's give the knowledge, make me better
SPECTACULAR COURSE, REALLY ENJOYED IT
Good explanations about the topics.
Good course.
It is really very interesting course which doesn't require any special knowledge in physics or math. Here you will not find lot of math formulas. Everything is well structured with support of slide and text book. But the main thing which I liked here - is tasks with writing assignments. In order to prepare my answers for related prompts I was forced to read additional materials, re-read text book from the course and review slides from presentation again. When I was trying to formulate my own ideas and understanding about learned material I realized that my understanding about specific topic much more increased! So I got a lot of benefits in sense of understanding from such type of tasks.After finishing this course I realized that I would like to go further in astrophysics and should find some next course (maybe with bigger involvement of math etc) and start thinking about buying own amateur telescope :)
This is a really good course for learning all the amazing things in our universe.  My favorite part is the opportunity to pose questions directly to Professor Impey on the YouTube Q&A sessions.
Nice course! very comprehensive. I do however recommend reading the script for a large part of the videos to save time.  I appreciate Professor Impey's enthusiasm in teaching others about astronomy a lot. Thanks Professor!
I am thrilled to have taken this course. It was all that I expected and more. And Professor Christopher David (Chris) Impey is outstanding in his delivery and dissemination of knowledge. If Dr.Neil deGrasse Tyson is a rock star; then Prof Impey is solid rock! 

I am forever indebted to Prof Impey and the University of Arizona for providing me this opportunity to sharpen my knowledge of the cosmos using the science of Astrophysics.

I am a 61 year old retired non scientist, but I have always been spiritual – and for me spirituality does not come from mystic revelations but rational scientific evidence – and this subject of Astrophysics gives me that spiritual support to be a good rational agnostic human.

Thank you again. I wish you would give me a certificate that I could hang on the wall of my study!
Brilliant course. I wish there were more courses online with Chris Impey as the lecturer.  Didn't want the course to end.  Great for beginner level or to brush up on knowledge.  I am starting a degree in Natural Sciences (Astronomy and Planetary Sciences) this month and this course has made me look forward to it even more.
Amazing introductory course and covers wide variety of topics ranging from history, to astronomy to astrobiology. Really great of amateur astronomers and for anyone who is remotely interested in it.
This was the most rewarding course on the topic of astronomy I've taken on coursera yet! The course is well structured so that students can follow along nicely and filled with knowledge. I learned so much by taking this course that I didn't want to take the last test because I didnt't want it to finish. Big thank you to professor Chris Impey and all the volunteers helping out on the forum, taking care of all the questions there, for providing meaningful content to our existence!!
I love this course! One of the many reasons I recommend this course is because Prof. Chris Impey is passionate about the subjects that he covers which, in turn makes me excited to learn about them.He also goes into considerable detail while making it concise and to the point. At the beginning of every week he gives supplementary material like his well written text book chapters, which I found very helpful for the writing assignments.
Comprehensive Course, Intensive if your working fulltime but still managable.It's all about the Universe and everything in it that makes it tick.A huge amount of knowledge is digestable pieces and I came out of this course knowing a lot more than I had previously thought. Thanks to the Professor and the team, well Done.Will there ever be a Part 2 ?
Dr. Chris Impey is an excellent teacher and his videos are comprehensive, thorough and straightforward. He easily explains astronomical concepts in an easy to understand way! Thank you for a wonderful introduction to Astronomy!!! I'm on my way to be an amateur astronomer thanks to you and your course!!!
Super well done! This course has content to stretch everyone's mind about really what is 'out there'. Yet it is explained in such a way to make it understandable without being too technical. If you want to get up to speed with current astronomical thinking look no further!
Excellent course. It gives you a complete, multidisciplinary understanding of the universe, clear and detailed. I am grateful to Professor Impey and to all the people that contributed to making this course. Thank you.
The material is very interesting and in itself has led me to other sources to study from.  The videos are clear and easy to understand and the topic is presented in a fun manner.  I really enjoyed the course.
The perfect course if you want a fresh start into the field of astronomy or need a thorough revision of the important basic concepts of the field. Definitely helped me with my revision.
This is a great introduction to modern astronomical concepts that is accessible by anyone with some general scientific knowledge, though that isn't truly required.
Excellent course, very professional instructors and mentors. Content well organized, diversified and properly placed.
Great, well developed course, amazing study material along with basic yet interesting project activities.
Very interesting and fun course!
This course help me to learn many interesting thing. And sir was fabulous in teaching .And all material and stuff including videos and photos make learning very easy. Fully satisfied by the course
Curso incrível. Pude compreender desde conceitos básicos em física e metodologia em ciência pra poder facilitar o entendimento de conceitos mais amplos e o estudo de objetos astronômicos como formação de sistemas solares, galáxias, o próprio universo e mesmo outras áreas como biologia e suas possibilidades.Astonishing course. It taught me since basic concepts in physics and scientific method so it could facilitate the understanding of bigger concepts and the study of astronomical objects as the formation of solar systems, galaxies, the universe and even other subjects as biology and its possibilities
Extraordinary course covering all the basics of astronomy from it’s history to current day, and future exploration. This course has invigorated my enthusiasm for astronomy and the universe and provided me with a good foundational knowledge of the cosmos. Now whenever I see an article about astronomy I know what they’re talking about!On a side note - the english subtitles could use some work. I liked watching the videos with subtitles but found often that there was a mismatch between what was said and what was written.
You may end up with more questions than answers, but hey, welcome to the Universe. This course is awesome and will nurture your hunger for astronomical understanding, bringing you right up to the cliff's edge of our knowledge as a species. It's terrifying and exhilarating and a mental roller coaster rich in information that would happily sit on my shelf next to the Cosmos series.
This Online course became the KEY FACTOR IN choosing between Stony Brook University and University of Arizona. Not just my love for Astronomy skyrocketed but also the stuffs I learned were really helpful in buying a telescope, impressing my friends with the constellation and detection of planets in the sky and going a little ahead from my highschool courses to my college life
Shame editing was poorly done. Whoever did it thought that it must be waste of viewers time to wait until Chris takes breath for next sentence. Not only that we had no time for recollection thoughts, it also makes his head constantly jerking. Very unnatural and unpleasant experience. Other than that course is highly recommended. Chris is 5 star guy.
Astronomy: Exploring Time and Space opened a whole new world of the excting field of Astronomy for me. Even a person with no prior knowledge can learn the basics of Astronomy here. Dr. Chris Impey has presented a wonderfully lucid and exhaustive narrative of the curious cosmos through this course.
This course gives a deep overview of astronomy in particular and all things science in general, in a was anyone can understand it with more or less effort depending on their scientific background. I have deeplyenjoyed this course and all the knowledge it has given me!
Thanks to Prof. Impey and the team, and to everyone else on the course that took part in the peer grading. This was a very enjoyable course and provided a good overview of key astronomical concepts and theories. I'm now planning to move on to further study.
This course gives insight to basic of astronomy, astrophysics and cosmology and help us to understand the universe as we know today. It increases our interest in the subject due to which studying the universe becomes our life-long learning goal.
This is a very interesting course, without any math. I have learned a lot about basic astronomy from Chris Impey and the team. I am very thankful for this course and am looking forward to start an intermediate course.
This was truly an amazing course, I feel so good that I completed it on schedule. The contents were so detailed and awesome and the lectures and videos were excellent. I feel so happy to have completed this course !
I was delighted to take this excellent course, the level of detail was perfect, the content very complete, Chris Impey was brilliant in the way he presented and commented on all the aspects covered.
The course presentation and the resources available to students were fantastic.  It was a great learning experience and I congratulate Chris Impey and his team on doing such a great job.
The best course for any beginner, especially the interest with which Prof. Impey teaches is a delight.Thank you Prof. Impey for conducting this course. I feel blessed to be a part of it.
Studying astronomy is my life's dream since childhood, and this dream came true with Studying this course. Iam very grateful towards Coursera and University of Arizona. Ali hasan naser
The course has very rich and comprehensive learning materials and the professor is very good at explaining complex theories with easy to understand words
Professor Impey just made my understanding so clear about astronomy and astrophysics... Hope this will be the beginning of my astro-life.
Really good course. I am learning a lot of new stuff about outer space, garvity waves, the history of astronomy and the universe itself.
A wonderful course that takes you on a roller coaster ride of the astronomy by different aspects of physics, chemistry and biology.
Complete and easy to digest information. This course has everything for those starting up in Astronomy.
I love this class and I am learn a lot about the earth and stars. ects  thank you mandy evans
Amazing course! It changed the way I think about the subject.
There should be some physical/software based assignments too.
Teaching methodology was great and content is equally great.
Great course, with exceptional material and good dynamics.
A great course. Than you for making it.
Its Amazing! Oh my god.
As a general feedback, first I would ask you to be patient with my lousy English and expecting that you understand what I am trying to express, here it is:	The course is amazing!	I came with the expectation to learn a little bit about Time and Space and, in the end, I was caught by surprise that you have gone far beyond it.	Starting with “The Scientific Method”, going all the way thru “Cosmology” and finalizing with questions about the “Next steps”, this was an incredible and, more importantly, useful journey to me.	I understand and value very much the work involved on providing such comprehensive material, I gladly (most of the time) read, listened, watched, participated in most of them. The course, to me, took 63 days with an average of 6-12 hours a day, monday to monday; besides your material, which I mostly saved, I look for some extra information, mainly on Wikipedia and some other educational sites, I also made a bunch of notes, summaries and found extra references. My ‘final’ document has almost 900 pages in 135 MB. I thought it would be nice to share. Your efforts were not in vain.	One of the interesting extra findings was to learn about “Science for Monks” program. It caught my attention (for several days) for many reasons, one of them is that eastern people do not, in general, try to scientifically explain the nature, the search is much more related to a balance of the self and the nature as it is presented, in my (semi-)oriental point of view. A sort of ‘equilibrium’, the same as planets and atoms and nature as a whole try to reach. 	Another reflection was about their martial art, kung fu, and how it is balanced with their spiritual matters and believes. As half japanese and with some Judo background, it took me a while to understand the balance between these two things, supported from what you are teaching in terms of Physics and, in the end, try to make a reasonable sense in my mind. 	I believe things are somehow connected and, in the end, seek for balance. 	Just to close the above finding, the explanation I gave to myself is that martial art could be understood as “Philosophy in moviment” and being so, it can be explained in terms of Physics. I am ok with that. By the way, as brazilian, shamefully, I suck at soccer too...	I can not thank you enough for making available so much knowledge and, mainly, ‘forcing’ me reflect on many things in several different ways. But, in the end, your guidance made me more curious and inspired to learn even more.	The course is amazing. 	Hoping this feedback was ok, I sincerely hope you the best,	Thank you
Really fantastic! I'm an amateur, took the course with my high school daughter who is thinking of a career in astronomy so we wanted to explore basic concepts and understand what astronomers do. This was perfect for that purpose. I'm not sure she'll finish, but I found it so interesting I did. The course is just the right balance of videos, readings, activities. The videos are also well-done and it helps that it is not just a talking head the whole time, or reading of off a slide deck. I appreciate the sometimes fun and humorous asides in videos. Only critical feedback is that it seems to get out of date fast... the videos should have had time stamps on them or avoid terms like "recently", "about to" because we don't know if you are talking about something 5 years ago, or today. Hope to make time for more courses in the futur, thanks for doing this Chris and the Steward Observatory Team (and the teaching assistants, poor things, who have to wade through all of the comments from people confused about how to submit assignments... when there were actual questions, they answered promptly, clearly and well.)
Note that I am probably an unusual student in that I have both T.A.ed and lectured in the past.  I would give this course at least 90% ("A") for a survey of Astronomy course [no Math or Physics prerequisites].  The professor (Dr. Impey) is quite skilled in communicating with non-majors and encouraging them to learn more about Astronomy and Cosmology.  Also, the free textbook material superbly matches the course and contains links to more detailed study [excellent!]  I'd like to try a course for majors with him as well.  Maybe, I'd have to become a UofA student remotely from Dallas?=================================================Issues in course (How much is due to Coursera limitations?):(1) Not enough lab work.  Lab reinforces lectures and it is simply a lot of fun, especially for the novice.(2) The writing assignments are reviewed by inexperienced peers -- we are unqualified and also this practice might tempt some to collusion.(3) Some of the lectures need an update. Hopefully, this will happen in time for the next session.
This was an excellent and very comprehensive course, and it was enjoyable to take as someone who is interested in and curious about astronomy. I found the first week to be quite slow especially because the topic had to do with the sciences in general which I am already very familiar with, and it could have been condensed or limited further. However, after that, the course covered a great range of topics specific to astronomy, rich with details, providing a mix of both insightful questions and amazing answers. Everything was explained well, and it's nice to see the continuous development of astronomy from the past to the present along with speculation about the future.The assignments weren't too difficult and revolved around details mentioned in the videos. The clips included in the videos helped keep the lectures interesting. All in all, it was well worth my time and I am happy to have taken this course.
Astronomy: Exploring Time and Space is an excellent way to gain an overall view of the science of Astronomy.  The course contains just the right amount of rigor to challenge the student and to continuously stimulate the desire to know more about each of the topics copies.  There isn't any math or physics to worry about although the role both of these areas play in the study of the universe and the stars and objects it contains is described when necessary.  There are peer reviewed writen assignments that help develop a better understanding of the subject material.  The course also has some of the best and most involved mentors of any Coursera course I have taken.  They are also available to answer questions and are very knowledge of the course materials. Dr. Impey's lectures are clear and very enjoyable to watch and the accompanying course materials are also excellent.
Truly beautiful course, if you've got that tiny bit of love for the night sky or physics just dive into it. It's just perfect. Its the perfect blend of fun references, clippings and simulations with absolutely great teaching imparting so much knowledge and info, every little thing from the videos to the script to the theories and concepts are laid out just picture perfectly. I couldn't have asked for more, it's one of the best courses there is out there if not the absolute best one! One heck of a journey I'll never forget! Thank you so much for everything Prof. Impey! Just owe so much to you! You've put together the best course I could've asked for! You're one of the best teachers ever! Thanks a million University of Arizona! (PS If anyone back in Arizona see's this please, please let the Prof know!) Cheers!
This is a wonderful course, and I wholeheartedly recommend it, as a layperson with a lifelong interest in astronomy who has always wanted to formally study it. It is a good stepping-stone to more advanced or specialised courses, and the material is engaging and well-presented. The content ranges from introductory concepts, through an exploration of the solar-system, stars and galaxies, to relativity and cosmology, and the course ends with an intriguing and fascinating look at astrobiology and artificial life. The commitment and passion of the convenor, Prof Chris Impey, to his subject is apparent at every stage of the journey. Regular quizzes, short written assignments, discussion forums and videos, and exercises in both citizen-science and remote-viewing with online telescopes keep one engaged throughout.
I am very happy to have completed the course. I was able to learn a lot about various aspects of astronomy, especially galaxies and globular clusters that are objects that call my attention. I was able to read much of the material provided in teachastronomy, thank you for the kindness of making the material available. I watched all the videos of Professor Chris and I was able to follow well due to the availability of the subtitles in English, this was important. The interviews I could not follow completely by the lack of subtitles. This was a great opportunity for me that likes astronomy, but because of the distance that I live from the great centers of study, it is very difficult to access good and reliable information. I am very grateful and congratulate the institution for making this course available.
It is really very interesting course which doesn't require any special knowledge in physics or math. Here you will not find lot of math formulas. Everything is well structured with support of slide and text book. But the main thing which I liked here - is tasks with writing assignments. In order to prepare my answers for related prompts I was forced to read additional materials, re-read text book from the course and review slides from presentation again. When I was trying to formulate my own ideas and understanding about learned material I realized that my understanding about specific topic much more increased! So I got a lot of benefits in sense of understanding from such type of tasks.  I appreciate Professor Impey's enthusiasm in teaching others about astronomy a lot. Thanks Professor!
A privilege and a blessing (in the spiritual sense) to have come across this unique course - and so brilliantly choreographed by Prof Chris Impey and his team. The course was very well structured, crisp and precise to a novice in Astronomy like me and to obtain a basic understanding of our cosmos, and our place in the universe. The Earth is unique ands seems to have been created with great care and precision by the superior being or intelligent presence in the universe. I wish I could live forever to be part of the fascinating progress in astronomy and be part of the future explorations and travels into the wider cosmos. I look forward to enhancing my knowledge gained on Astronomy by undergoing further courses. My best wishes to the University of Arizona.
The Astronomy: Exploring time and space coarse by University of Arizona was very nice. I got new things to learn in the course about Astronomy. As expected the course has covered up all the Astronomy topics from cosmology, solar system to astrobiology. So now I am feeling great after completing the course today. I like the teaching patterns quizes and activities taken in the course. The activities like galaxy zoo and micro Observetory are much more inspiring to us. Also there were lots of live Q- A sections on YouTube by sir Chris Impey to solve the queries of students or learners . So Thank you to sir Chris Impey. Also thank you very much to University of Arizona for providing such a great coarse to us. Also thank you to caursera.
What an amazing class and enjoyable experience this has been for me personally.  I feel that now I can at least understand some basic fundamental properties of the cosmos.  I have been a follower of Dr. Carl Sagan for many years and Professor Stephen Hawking (RIP) as well.  I thank my lucky stars (pun intended) for wonderful teachers like professor Chris Impey who has created a remarkable presentation of facts, theories and ideas that we know about the universe and salts our curiosity to continue exploring the big questions of who we are, where we came from, and what does it all mean.  That you professor Impey for all you and so many others introduced in this class have done.All the best,Michael Fredericksen (Indiana, USA)
Really great course, enjoyed it a lot, it's easy to follow and a lot of fun.  As it turns out it's already 7 years old and the subject of Astronomy has been developing very rapidly that some of the material already requires to be updated.  The fun videos to lighten up the subject are great but most of them look like they are from 80's or 90's and the quality of the picture on those are of the same old VHS tape quality.  The subject 10 about the Cosmology is a little hard to follow, watched it several times but still hard to get some of the topics and the examples are sometimes confusing.   Other than that it's a really great course which I recommend to everyone.  Thank you very much for your hard work!!!
thank you professor chris for making my day(s).  really, when i see all the useless things people do, it is your astronomy class that puts things in perspective.  plus, i hate to say this on a public forum; playing your videos helped put me to sleep at night, kinda like a bedtime story.  truly, i have separation anxiety wondering how i'm going to be able to fall asleep now.  the biggest problem i experienced with this was trying to keep track of my videos, because it would autoplay and cycle through an entire week.  if coursera could put an option in there for that.  i ended up playing my videos in reverse chronological order so when i fell asleep it would cycle through all the ones i had already watched
This course has taught me every aspect of astronomy. I am graduated from political sciences and now planning to have my own radio telescope as soon as possible. But beyond that, it was a very neat study of science in general and mostly a very exciting period of time. The textbook is quite detailed and well prepared, starting from basic knowledge of physics which was a wonderful starting point for the ones from out of the field. There are bunch of interviews with the scientists from the field on the subject and a livestream available to asking questions each week. The video lessons are very intriguing. I am very thankful to Prof. Chris Impey and his team. and many thanks to coursera.org for this course.
Professor Chris Impey does an excellent job of being an Educator about the Cosmos and its related fields. From observational equipment to planetary bodies, stars, galaxies, moons, astrobiology, and even radiation and various wavelengths; he covers all in this course and much more, making it enjoyable to all. Even though I consider myself passionate and well-versed in astronomical concepts, I still learnt so many new things, adding to the vast knowledge one can gain from this field and satisfying as well as growing one's curiosity. Numerous thanks and heartiest regards to Professor Chris Impey, the Steward Observatory Teaching Team, as well as those on Coursera for making this happen. Much love!!
Very well done course! There's a bit of an over reliance on videos, which sometimes feature silly clips from TV shows or very odd music videos.But overall the instructor is clear and engaging, the exercises test your attention and understanding, and there's a lot of material covered in a well structured format.I would have liked to see a bit more physics and math and a wider variety of teaching formats (it's really just a lot of videos - the lecture slides are there but they're kind of useless). I really enjoyed the two projects, and the peer-reviewed writing exercises are useful if flawed. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone interested in learning about the stars.
I am a First year master in software engineering, but also a really curious "kid". In my search for interesting course related to astronomy I found this one.Although I am only half way through the course I state that this is the most compelling course I have taken on Coursera. Since I have more then some knowledge of scientific method, physics and other topics talked about in the course, but not as much in astronomy I find the course tailored for me. Especially taking into account that this course is in the right spot between popular knowledge and a little bit of science and engineering.Prof. Impley is excellent in explaining, even amazing at some points :)
I was expecting a low-key introduction to commonly known information about astronomy with some new images from the Hubble telescope. I've taken similar on-line courses for the general public before.  This course, in contrast, provided thought-provoking, challenging material in every unit.  I found myself re-reading the supplementary materials, re-watching videos, and doing additional on-line research because my curiosity was piqued.  Professor Impey is a master teacher, and the supporting materials in the class provide additional depth and perspectives, and sometimes a dose of humor through light-hearted videoclips.  Thank you for this excellent course.
This course is fascinating, engaging and of high quality; Professor Impey is obviously interested in sharing his field with a wide audience. Although familiarity with physics and mathematics helps with understanding the material, no math or science background is required to enjoy and complete this course. The lecture videos are interspersed with photographs, diagrams, and videos. An online textbook is available to further delve into the subject matter. Two interesting projects are assigned, involving actual science online. And to top it off, Professor Impey had live Q&A sessions on YouTube live. Highly recommend to anyone curious about our universe!
This course has a deep impact on my vantage point about the obvious things that I have always taken for granted without considering the possibility of a scientific basis behind them. It helped me understand the fundamentals not only in astronomy but also real-life day-to-day things and I am so glad to write about historical viewpoints and beliefs that this course has provided me. I am so impressed by the work of Professor Chris Impey and his team. You people have made it possible such an organized course for all the students(especially who are not from astronomy background).Looking forward to be a part of any other similar course in the future.
This course has been a wonderful and very informative experience. Aimed at novices like me, it manages to explain very complicated stuff in easily understood ways. I guess Prof Impey is a fan of Carl Sagan and is carrying on his proud tradition of making difficult science more accessible to people who don't have the necessary training. However, I would advise future learners to spend as much time as possible researching the Teach Astronomy website which is an invaluable source for material directly connected to the course. You will find it much easier to tackle the assignments if you do. Can't wait for them to offer other courses like this!
I was enthusiastic about this course in which I participated only for personal interest in astronomy without having curriculum or career purposes. I have discovered many interesting new things and above all I am now encouraged to continue to deepen the topics that most interested me.

I am sincerely admired by the vastness of prof. Impey is the naturalness with which he exposes even the most complex concepts.

Sincere congratulations! And many compliments and thanks also to the mentor Christy Read for the kindness and competence with which we have followed our work in these weeks

Many thanks to all the staff !!
Chris Impey eases into the subject of astronomy, with increasingly difficult subject matter as the course proceeds. However, he is very methodical and plain (in a good way) in his language, and his videos are a joy to watch. I started this course already interested in amateur astronomy and learned a lot of new things about the technology and methodology in astronomy. I'd recommend this to anyone who is really interested in astronomy. Be prepared to make a not insignificant commitment, because the course is nearly four months long! Time well spent in my opinion. Thank you to all who made this course possible.
I have taken 5 or 6 online courses through Coursera and this have proven to be the most interesting of the lot. I enjoyed the professor's delivery style and all the topics that were covered. I had little knowledge of Astronomy before taking the course and now feel I have a much better insight into outer space. Great job Professor Impey and those that assisted. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in gaining a broader knowledge in science. You do not need to have any previous knowledge of Astronomy to be successful in this course and to gain knowledge from this great course.
I have nothing but positive thoughts for this course. Astronomy is a challenging topic and I went into the course with no major knowledge apart from what you can usually watch on TV or read on an occasional article, but the material is presented in a logical sequence and explained in clear ideas that help to grasp the topic. The Professor's delivery is excellent and very natural; as he is an absolute expert, he can explain complicated concepts in simpler terms.This course is great for someone who has great curiosity for the field of astronomy and wants to take a little extra step into it.
This course is a must for everyone interested in astronomy with very little to no prior knowledge. The instructor has huge experience in education and is clearly very familiar with the most common misconceptions people have. To me it was a fascinating journey from Earth, through our Solar system, to the most distant quasars. It also follows the Copernican revolution from the Heliocentric system, to Multiverse and Simulation theory.Quizzes are not that hard, but there are some assignments to write. Some videos you might want to watch couple of times to fully understand them.
I have an affection for space material and this astronomy course makes me fall in love with the realms beyond, all the more. The thought of many quizzes and essays did scare me initially, but it helps the student/learner to recap on the information presented. Professor Chris Impey is great at teaching/sharing and I would readily watch these again. Unfortunately the live Q&A (?) sessions are not suitable for my timing so I've not attended those before. I hope that more people will discover the wonder of the universe with this course and a greater appreciation for the stars.
An excellent course for astronomy enthusiasts or for people trying to learn something new, this course has excellent teaching material. Prof. Chris Impey clearly explains all most everything from the big bang to the future of our universe, the rich history of astronomy and the basics of quantum physics (only enough to understand the course material). Professor also adds a personal touch to the course and makes it more interesting by using pop culture references or showing videos. The only downside is that the quizzes are not very hard, either way I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Having  just finished the course successfully, I would recommend it to anyone who loves astronomy.  Coming from a different scientific field , but with a great love for astronomy, I  feel that this course clarified a lot of meanings and introduced me to great concepts. And although English is not a native language, the course as well as all visualizations and material used, were very clear. Professor Impey is very well understood and does not use technical details that could confuse. Thanks Professor Impey and the Steward Observatory Teaching Team!
The astronomy course exceeded my expectations. I learned a
great deal from the video lectures and the astrpoedia textbook. I was surprised
that preparing for the essay questions was also a good source for added
knowledge in researching for the assignments. I am indebted to Chris Impey for
the excellent lectures and course. Everything was well presented and explained
well but I could not get up to understand much of the last lesson – Life in the
Universe.In summary, great course and recommend it without
reservations. Kudos and thanks to Chris Impey.
Night sky amazed me since I was a 5-year-old girl. Ever since I read and study anything related to astronomy whenever I get a chance. Even though I wanted to end up as an astronomer, I ended up as an IT professional. but you never know right? Some dreams never die! Anyway, This course is one of the best that I have come across and it was an honor to meet the brilliant professor Impey even through the course.  Thank you so much for this amazing course professor and you are the best! I hope our paths will come across again through another course!
Brilliant course, really interesting. Professor Chris Impey has clearly put a great deal of thought and work into it and is a fantastic lecturer - very easy to listen to (which is important when you are feeling tired after a day at work!). The regular, live youtube sessions were an unexpected bonus and more than I would have ever expected for a course that was to all intents and purposes free. Thank you so much, not least for maintaining my interest through a busy summer and getting me to the end (many before have failed!).
Phew, 11 week time isn't short. It was challenging I won't lie. BUT at the end of the day throughout, there was satisfaction. This course is beautifully laid out giving you a truly mesmerizing journey but on top of all that was professor Impey's enthusiasm that made this material come to life. I thank him and his team who have been working all these years for online sessions and forums to give their learners a colourful experience throughout. AND I bet everyone taking this course that you'll be amazed. Happy learning☺️
Prof. Chris Impey has very well helped me in learning this course in fact I'm a curious astronomy aspirant. His teachings and explanations helped me to know very well in detail of the astronomy in each aspect and i personally thank my professor sir Chris Impey for helping me and completing this course with many newly developed skills your teachings helped me in developing my enthusiastic knowledge over astronomy more. And i further look into your live sessions. Thank you sir and to the team :-)
Great course, material is great and extensive. Recommended for people who have some interest but not a lot of knowledge in astronomy and would like to get a wide view of the field. One thing noting, although it doesn't take away from the overall experience, is that it is a bit outdated, as it was made in 2013-2014. It wouldn't take much to update the lecture slides letting students know the current state of things. Once again, it's not a big deal, and you should research online anyway. 5/5.
Today I completed  this amazing Astronomy course in 2 month. Initially I try to complete the course within 1 month but as the course going on my mind didn't ready to accept all the theories like string theory, 10th dimension, Brane, Drake, Big Bang drawback, expansion of universe at speed more than light, exoplanets like earth and many more. During the study, headache occurr in mind, but I tried to learn all these.Thankyou Coursera, Prof. Imphey & Christy Mam for this wonderful journey.
Even though human life scale is negligible small
as compared to our universe, our intelligence is what will cover the gap. And
courses like these not only inspire us to research but also motivates us that
we still have a long road to achieve greatness and this might not be achieved
by fighting and talking on this pale blue dot. I am very much pleased by your
content Prof. Chris . Hope you keep on making such content and our search for our
better selves will continue beyond.
This course is a perfect beginners guide to astronomy. It's simple enough to follow yet detailed enough to give you a real sense of the field. The video lectures and readings are interesting and well organised in week by week topics. The assignments are challenging without being too time consuming. Professor Impey holds live YouTube question and answer sessions almost monthly, giving you direct access to him.I found this course engaging, satisfying and truly educational.
This was a brilliant course to truly know about astronomy and to know about the secrets of space. The division of course into 11 weeks and these different categories provides a detailed approach to every topic included in the course. This course covers every topic related to astronomy. The photographic PDF files provided before every week is a very good thing to provide to a student as they change the point of view of the student to looks at the aspects of Sciences.
This course was extremely interesting and informative, from the very first week till the very last. The insertion of relevant clips and images during video lectures, as well as the pace of course delivery was spot-on. The instructor is extremely knowledgeable and I learnt a lot about astronomy from the course. The difficulty was not high either, as very little prerequisite information was required in the course.Highly recommended for all astronomy enthusiasts.
It was an excellent course for full 11 weeks. Lot of information were fed to us continuously each week. I will definitely go through various articles and videos online. With basic knowledge on various fronts of astronomy, I will be able to comprehend as well as appreciate the difficulties astronomers go through each day. I have come to know what infinite space-time is.Thank you Chris and your videos were amazing and the presentation could not have been better.
Wonderful course and Prof. Impey was articulate in his explanation with the right level of details to explain various phenomena and principles that govern astrophysics, space and time. The online interactions were really useful in understanding several new facets on the frontiers of modern study and investigation. Thank you Prof Impey for putting together this wonderful course, it helped me understanding few concepts that I was keen to understand and learn.
"Really" learning the fundamentals of Astronomy has been something I'd wanted to do for many years but had never really made the time nor found the right level of learning material to make it happen. Professor Impey's course was incredibly digestible and truly fascinating, broken up with large doses of interspersed humor to wash it all down. Thank you University of Arizona Astronomy Department for making this subject so accessible. I'm truly grateful.
This course is very interesting and very informative! It is perfect for all people who would like to know more about the astronomy, but don't know where to start. This is a whole bunch of information all in all, but Chris Impey manages to teach so, that you don't feel overwhelmed, but only interested and hungry for more! There are also from time to time the opportunities to ask questions live. I highly recommend this course, it helped me a lot!
I am in LOVE with this course. No, seriously. I can't stop talking about it. With EVERYONE I MEET. I have a degree in Chemistry, and teach Earth Science and Chemistry to high school students, so my knowledge about science for this course is up to par, but I like that it adds a LITTLE more info, and it's going to give me a chance to bring stuff back to my students. The text book is amazing, and the videos are on point. Thanks for a great class!
I haven't known absolutely nothing about this exciting theme, before I started this course, now I know everything, I've even changed my point of the world view. The material is on a high level, well prepeared and provided, every second is valuable. Thanks a lot, professor and the greatest astronomer, for your time and power that you gave to create this course, and for giving us this possibility to open a new amazing world of our universe!
A great course to get started on learning astronomy, at our comfortable pace, at the comfort of our own private space and most importantly, this course is well structured and very interesting for all age groups. Wonderful Course. Learnt a lot of essential, non-technical astronomy. Enough to ignite curiosity to take up formal studies in the subject. Now I'm a second year Physics Master's student. Loving the head start this course gave me.
I really loved this course. This was the course I was longing to pursue since chidhood. It gave me the answers to almost all of my questions. It provided me great insights to the UNIVERSE. Moreover the instructor Chris Impey has done a superb job in providing us with valuable information. The assignments, quizzes, lectures, and other resources were very informative and special. Thanks to all men behind this course for doing their best.
Dr. Impey is skilled at covering a very broad range of topics and sciences that are all a part of "astronomy".  The slides were clear.  The transcripts helped to reinforce the information, although probably done with vocalization software as there are many sentence fragments, homonyms for the actual word, etc.  I did not see a date done but I would guess this course was constructed in 2013-2014, so the information is certainly current.
Professor Chris Impey is one of the best instructors I have come across in many of these courses. He is clear with his information, is very knowledgeable, and has a sense of humour. The mentors are very helpful too. Subject matter is exactly what is expected. A perfect course  for the basic astronomer wanting to learn the basics of Astronomy. Including history, how to observe, and what is new. Love this course, would highly recommend.
Amazing course! Chris Impey is a wonderful teacher. The lectures are captivating, but at a level that is appropriate for astronomy beginners. The quizzes are only easy if you were paying attention, and the writing assignments consolidate the material. This course has made me even more interested in the subject and since starting it I have even gone beyond the scope of this course and done my own investigations. Definitely recommended.
It's a great course to do. It gives a new perpective to look at the world around you and especially the cosmos and the universe. After taking this course, it will give you new eyes and enthusiasm to look at the open sky. Along with that it also gives you an overview of the human history and earth's history and universe history. It was very exciting and interesting to go through the videos and the assignments. Had fun and learned lot.
This introductory level course in astronomy was exactly what I was looking for. It was a wonderful survey course touching on every subject that I was interested in. Having said that, the suggested times for completing each part of a week's course work were silly. I spent hours reading the textbook and watching the videos, and I was happy to do it. I was seeking knowledge and understanding, not a quick way to get a certificate.
This course is must for one's who are really interested in Astronomy and space science. It's a whole package which starts from the history of science to Black Holes till Drake equation and ends with a question are we in a simulation. Including videos and songs related to the topic is so good and holds me to the video. I thank Dr. Chrish Impey, who have inspired me through his delivery of details and by his level of knowledge.
I personally from my point of view, think that the course needs to be upgraded with the latest discoveries and theories. Additional information needs to be added to make the recent discoveries more interesting. And technically, the 11-week course would be quite short to learn and extrapolate knowledge in astronomy and astrobiology. Rest all its an incredible course and I am acknowledged with great information and motivation.
an amazing course, starting from the history of the astronomy, leading towards the future of our existence, full of interesting notions about the universe.It's the perfect course for who does know nothing or very poor about astronomy and it doesn't require math or physics or biology knowledge in advance.I really enjoyed this journey with professor Chris Impey and it really engaged me with the astronomy.Many thanks!
I fell in love with cosmology a few years ago and I am attending high-level conferences on the subject. However, I soon realized that I was lacking the bases of astronomy and that acquiring them would certainly alleviate my sufferings. The objective has been perfectly met, with this very comprehensive course. Prof Impey shows an excellent sense of pedagogy, which is not so obvious in the community of scientists.
In my opinion, This course is really useful for the people that have an extreme interest with astronomy and also the curious people want to exlore the masive universe. And i'm one of these people. In addition, I'm really happy when i found out this website while i was surfing my newfeed, Thank to this program, it's really lightful for a lot of questions always be held in my mind but know i have lighted up a lot.
For those looking for an introduction to astronomy, this is a fun and fantastic course. Covering a wide range of material from planets and star life/death up through astrobiology and evolution, Professor Impey does an excellent job making this course fun and introducing complex topics in a manner that is easy to understand. A really great and worthwhile course...very happy to have completed it and thank you!
This course has allowed me to enter the study of astronomy and space, opening a new universe for me.The quality of content, materials, videos, examples and resources have made it very easy to understand something really complex.I want to congratulate and thank Chris Impey and his entire team for their work, helping to spread this valuable knowledge.Thank you very much.Toni MascaróMuchas gracias.Toni Mascaró
I liked this course very much and I like to thank Professor Chris Impey And mentor Christy Read for teaching me and clearing my doubts.Thank you Professor Chris Impey and Christy read.Through this course I can get introduced to Microobservatory and Galaxy zoo.Also I know about the Teach astronomy material from this course.And I would like to thank coursera for giving all these nice courses.Thank you all.
Exploring Time and Space brought me closer to how important it is for human life to exist in a habitable zone, from the thin vulnerable gas surface layer of a life supporting planet to beyond the bow shock of a solar system. We have access to a time machine. We are running out of time, discovering sooner than later the dynamics of our universe will assist human mankind's seed of propagation.
I was so surprised by how much I enjoyed this class. Initially I was concerned I could keep up, but I completed the class 4 weeks early. I think what worked so well for me was the delivery.... Proffessor Chris Impey has a commanding and in depth knowledge of, well, everything, and his video sessions, and his text, was fascinating and engaging. I cannot recommend this class highly enough.
It is very informative and logically constructed course with good slides, examples and suitable movies and animations. Some of the information was familiar to me, but anyway it was very interesting to learn some interesting facts. I'll try to use the consequence of the topics and presentation of all the information in my aditional course on astrophysics. It was very exciting! Thank you!
It is really great course from all aspects. The course content designed to be very interesting and covering most aspects of Astronomy. With no doubt, I strongly recommend for everyone from whatever background to enrol to the course and learn as much as I learnt and see how great is our universe is and how much human do not know. Looking to the universe, tell us how great is our creator.
Although it took me some time to finish this course, I would say this is the best one out there that covers Astronomy and its interdisciplinary fields. I had so much fun, 'cause the course covers everything from the basics to the topics that are really interesting and complex. I really loved Professor Impey's teaching, and the assignments and the videos. they were all awesome.
I found this course to be very informative and enjoyable -- and demanding in terms of time. I am still catching-up on the text and am learning more and more even after completing the course. I recommend it to anyone interested in learning more about astronomy in the present. Chris is a very effective teacher, and his lectures/presentations are very interesting and informative.
This course was fantastic. I learned so much. The structure of the course was very clear and easy to understand. Nevertheless, there were demanding exercises which convey the material very well. Thanks to Chris Impey and the rest of the team who offered this great opportunity. And thank you all for the structured and well explained videos and material. I am greatly thankful!
The course is excellent. It provides an introduction to different aspects of astronomy, in an entertaining, comprehensive and intelligent way. The materials are very complete, and the homeworks are  nice, and some of  them especially interesting to carry  out. The script of the videos and the teacher are very clear and didactically very good. The course fulfills expectations
This course is fascinating! Professor Impey is awesome. The lectures are very clear and amusing. I did many Astronomy courses and this one is really one of the best. Also, the Quizzes are easy, not impossible like other Astronomy courses. There are several assignments but they are easy and fun to do. Thanks a lot and many greetings from Spain / Antonia Tejeda Barros
I would like to express my gratitude to the University of Arizona for an opportunity to take such course. It was an awesome experience. And I am deeply thankful to Chris Impey for guiding me in this course, for sharing his knowledge with me. I came here almost with nothing and I go with a full pack. These 11 weeks were unforgettable journey. Thank you very much!
My first and best astronomy learning  experience. The course was like storytelling and required great attention and listening skills. It was fun in beginning and turned into big knowledge basket head scratching lot of mental work. But it was crazy learning.Profesor Chris have created a very attractive and systematic course.Thankyou for such a lovely space ride.
Naturally, I would rate this 5 stars.  It was an excellent introduction - not only to the subject matter, but also to Coursera.  I will definitely do more courses - hopefully more by Professor Chris Impey.  Remarkable tutor, people able to attend courses with him in person are fortunate.Coursera is an amazing platform, and I will be doing many more courses
One of my best course ever in my life. Because this astronomy is my curiosity from when i'm teenager. Even,to explore the knowledge about universe & its imaginary activities always attract me & further it will always astonished me.I have a dream to go to NASA  & work for explore the solar system at the same time with gather vast space knowledge also....
Amazing course. Every topic is covered with amazing explanation by prof. Chris Impey . This course covered probably every basic topic of astronomy. "physics ,biochemistry , history , evolution, and future of stars "course covered very thing perfectly with great explanation . I recommend this course to very one who is interested in astronomy. Thank you
Awesome experience and good leading experience gain for me, without courser it won't be happen Specially about this course Chris Impey is the good Instructor, good Scientist, and good Researchers In the whole life. l learn lots of things like connection between Human earth, their nature and the Space history at home in India. Thanks for everything.
I am very much thankful to Prof. Imphy and his team for creating a wonderful course which covers almost all the topics in astronomy which has given me more knowledge and understanding about the topics in astronomy. I strongly recommend this course to those who are curious about space and also for those who want to start a new career in astronomy.
I loved the course.  Only thing I would say is that I would sometimes use the subtitles which were sometimes incorrect (compared to what Professor Chris Impey was saying).  Also, I've paid for a certificate and there doesn't seem to be any information on how or when I will receive it?Overall a very interesting and inspiring course.Thank you!!Gill
It was a really good course, i learned a lot and it motivated me to research and learn more on the things that were most interesting to me. It would be good for the videos to show the date they were recorded in, for the sake of accuracy because i noticed some projects have already been launched and the videos mentioned them as "in the future".
Course starts form very basic contents up to cosmology, astrobiology and so on. It is important to take in mind that reading materials contain a lot of information therefore additional time has to be dedicated in order to read everything, time it takes to read supplementary material does not mach with the time specified when a lesson starts,,
Amazingly fantastic course. I love this course from the depth of my heart. I have experinced and learnt a lot more about the universe and discovered a lot of unknown knowledge regarding astronomy. Astronomy has however been my forever love. But to say for sure, this course helped me love my passion even more. I will miss doing this course.
The professor, Chris impey was a very good teacher. He explained everything in the wide variety of things I learned from this course with amazing detail and made sure everyone understood. The course taught me many amazing things I hadn’t known before, and I would definitely recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn about astronomy.
An incredibly diverse, interesting course delivered in an easy to understand way by Professor Impey. The weeks just keep getting more interesting, and the ideas more abstract and on the frontier of current research. Would wholeheartedly recommend for anyone even vaguely interested in any aspect of astronomy - it's definitely worth doing.
Even though I have had read plenty of material about Astronomy, the course presented it in a pleasent and informative way whoch allowed me to study more, wake my curiosity and pushed me to investigate beyond that. Chris is such a carismatic person and I was happy to take this course and get to know him and encourage me all way long.
A very interesting course. For me the most interesting topic was Week 11 - Astrobiology. Prof. Chris Impey does a fantastic job of explaining everything in a fun and interesting way.Since the science related to this subject undergoes so much innovation/development each year, i felt that the videos could be updated more frequently.
An extraordinary course which generally attracts lots of space enthusiasts like me and develops the interest in astronomy to take it up as a career. Since its not easy to study these kinds of subjects thoroughly at bachelors level especially in countries like India, its really a boon for the people out there and across the globe.
Astronomy: Exploring Time and Space, is a fantastic course! It offers the most in-depth explanations with great diagrams and infographics related to astronomy and astrophysics. I would highly recommend this course for amateur astronomers and students who are interested in learning the nature of the solar system and the universe.
I thought the course went well beyond my expectations and provided me with not just the knowledge of Astronomy but a certain wisdom about it that I never would have imagined when I first signed up. I will look at the night sky differently and with more understanding than I ever have before. And in this way I want to learn more.
Excellent lectures.  Fair quizzes.  WELL worth the effort for a broad astronomy background.  I recommend this one as opposed to others (e.g. Confronting the Big Questions, which include ridiculous tests).  Prof Impey's pace and quizzes are supportive and aid learning.  Also, Prof Impey has regular live Q&A which are excellent.
Professor Impey covers an extensive subject using a clear and instigating language. The assignments and tasks proposed helps a lot the comprehension and make you search for more information.One of the best online courses I have already had.Congratulations to Professor Impey and all team that produced the available material.
I didn't quite know what I was signing up for when I stated this course. It goes into a lot of different aspects of astronomy that has given me a greater knowledge and understanding of our universe. While giving me the questions I need to explore. Chris Impey talks in a way you can understand and I will miss the lectures.
THIS COURSE WAS JUST SIMPLY AMAZING. IT GIVES YOU A BASIC INSIGHT OF ASTRONOMY WITHOUT GOING TOO MUCH DEEP YET WITH ALL RELEVANT INFORMATION. AND MOST IMPORTANTLY THE TEACHER WAS JUST BEYOND AMAZING. THE CONTENT WAS INTERESTING, THE VIDEOS WERE AMAZING AND TESTS AND QUIZZES WERE GREAT. I HAD SO MUCH FUN LEARNING IT ALL.
Excellent course for learning about the basics of astronomy. Amongst others it covers subjects as the history of astronomy, our sun and the solar system, comets, galaxies, quasars, pulsars and black holes. The course uses video's which clearly explain various topics with sheets and additional reading material provided.
I just wanna say WONDERFUL. Prof. Impey is a wonderful teacher. He teaches very complex subject very easily and without any mathematics. Those who are interested in this subject and are not so much good at physics,I wanna say them just enroll, It will make you understand.This course in best for beginners in Astronomy.
Excellent course, vast and up-to-date material, text videos and well-produced slides. The learning is intensified through scientific concepts and teaching strategies, using information and communication technologies, the material is produced entirely by professionals in the scientific and teaching field of Astronomy.
I am taking this course again after some time,  now I have found it even more interesting. Prof. Impey is really a great communicator and he makes complicated and sometimes boring concepts into easier and funnier ones. The quality of the videos is very good. I think I will enjoy this course as much as I did before.
I've been in Coursera since 2010, and this is the first time I ever write a review for the course taken. So far this is the most outstanding, yet wide auditory oriented course. Highly recommend to everyone. Explaining super complex things by simple concepts is a talent. Professor is doing a great job!Oleksii, MBA
It was an absolute pleasure doing this course! Very informative and understandable for hobby astronomers; but there is always the chance to dwelve deeper into topics and make it all the more challenging. Being able to buy or print out the textbook would be brilliant. THANK YOU VERY MUCH, PROFESSOR IMPEY & STAFF!
It was an amazing course! Thank you for all these days that I was spending home by learning new incredible things about our universe. All videos and texts were easy to understand and interesting to watch. Now I strongly decided, that astronomy will ever be part of my life.Thank you, prof. Chris Impey and others!
I very much enjoyed the course and definitely would recommend to everyone who would like to learn about Astronomy, it's an extremely fascinating subject! Professor Chris Impey makes narrative interesting and entertaining, even if you are not familiar with the subject, you will understand what it is all about :)
This course covers a lot of interesting materials of astronomy, ranging from planets to galaxies, very suitable for beginners. Those who have trouble with maths don't have to worry, it's not part of this course. The length of video lectures are short, thus getting distracted during the lecture will not be easy.
This was the best course that I completed, It provided me with all sorts of answers that I was looking for, from a long period of time. All topics are covered beautifully by Sir Chris Impey. This is a very good course to quench your curious minds and get the answers and science behind everything in space-time.
An excellent course with a broad coverage of topics presented at a relatively sophisticated conceptual level but still easy to understand and requiring little math. A great starting point for getting a comprehensive overview of astronomy at its current stage of development with insights into future directions.
My first course on Coursera and what can I say, "I doubt any other course can beat this one". Professor Impey is one of a kind and the way he teaches is truly breathtaking. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to develop an interest in astronomy or who wants to widen their horizon in this field.
This course, I must say, will be the best you ever have attended. Professor Impey is the best. His lectures are so interesting, you will never be bored and at the end of every week, you will feel real good like you actually learned something.If you like astronomy, this course is the best bet! Thank you all.
The entire surface of Astronomy was taught in the most impressive way. The memes, movie clips, simulations and actual footage along with the course only goes on to make science very relatable and easy. Chris Impey just did an excellent job at inspiring amateur astronomers to venture out, above and beyond!
It was a very interesting and fascinating course. Professor Impey explains complicated topics very concisely and clearly. I think this is great professionalism - the ability to explain in simple terms your subject and to entice for as long as 11 weeks. I heartily recommend this course and this professor.
It's a brilliant course for all amateur astronomers. Professor Impey keeps the language simple for everyone to understand but it helps if you have some knowledge in science. This course provides insight into all old and recent astronomical researches and was certainly very helpful and enjoyable for me!
I have taken over a dozen courses and this is the best I've taken! Prof. Isley does have an advantage given the great graphics in astronomy, but this is set to be the definitive intro+ course to astronomy for a long time. I do have to add the the astronomy course from U of Tokyo used to be my favorite!
Astronomy has always fascinated me and so i joined this course with many expectations and this course stood above all my expectations. I learnt so many things through this course. Special thanks to Professor Chris Impey and all the teaching staff. It was an amazing experience of learning with them.
Very good introduction to astronomy and astrophysics and great illustrations. The course provides a very good perspective not only about the field of astronomy and cosmology, but also about our place in the universe. The atomic and gravitational physics components were the best parts of the course.
its a great learning.professor has really explained well and his attitude and neutrality when discussing cultural and religious  beliefs is really good.Finally i thank the professor and his team for introducing me to the observatory facility.I thank the organists for offering a course free of cost
the course is really well built for any person to follow. really enjoyed the professors explanation on all the interesting topics. some were very new to me and I enjoyed the journey.Well, i think this quenched my curiosity of the space and now i like to explore the learnt concepts in more detail.
I am happy to have been able to study this very interesting area, which by the way is a bit close to my former profession (I am a nuclear engineer already retired). It was extremely interesting, informative, I repeated some things, but I also learned a lot of new things. Thank you very much.
Considering it was an online course, I did not expect it to be as professionally organized and presented as it was. I gained such precious knowledge and a great amount of useful and interesting information. This course answered most of my questions about astronomy, satisfying my curiosity.
I enjoyed the live question and answer sessions with Professor Chris Impey. The course was comprehensive and an enjoyable introduction to astronomy. The projects were also enjoyable, especially the MicroObservatroy project. The course has inspired me to look for further astronomy courses.
This is probably the best thing I have experienced and learned because I really am in love with Astronomy, so I enjoyed every single video and quiz. And of course, Chris Impey is the most awesome professor for this, he knows so much and I could understand clearly everything he taught me.
Clear explanations even for foreigners and lots of interesting interactive materials. The course will fit also for absolute beginners like I am. Very interesting lectures and I continue to watch online Q&A conferences with the Prof. with great pleasure! Thanks a lot! I had a lot of fun.
This course is a tour-de-force. It's grand in scope and covers pretty much everything I could think of. It showed me the wonders of the amazing Universe we live in. Thanks, Prof. Chris Impey. You are an amazing teacher. Highly recommended to anyone who is interested to learn Astronomy.
Excellent course. The videos were very sharp and precise. The explanations we clear. Assignments were interesting and aided quicker learning. Quizzes were interesting too. This is a very good course for anyone who wants to expand their knowledge horizon in understanding space and time.
I love the well-prepared, accessible style of the course. I also enjoyed how it progressed in building block style. I will be downloading and rewatching many episodes trying to absorb more information. I will definitely take it again next time it's around!Thanks for all your hard work!
This course was amazing and has a lot of informations for those who wants to study astronomy and to do something new. In these days of lock down it helped me to know about the universe and to explore my self. I would like to thanks to professor Impey for such an extraordinary course.
Thank you very much for this course!I've learned a lot in every week!There are so many information!The quiz is from easy to difficult which needs to understand before answering it!I hope many teachers/students will finish this course for their knowledge improvement about Astronomy.
Spent a worthy time throughout the duration of the course. All the explanations were concise and understandable for a novice like me aiming to explore the space in the near distant future. An awesome place to start with! The perfect launchpad for future aspiring space enthusiasts.
An excellent introductory course.  My only comments were that some of the slides were out of sync with the videos but that wasnt a huge problem and the Teach Astronomy book is not easy to read from an ipad.  But a great 1st course for me and I will look for more.  thanks Penny
My love for astronomy just got more interesting with this course. This was my first course on Coursera and I must say that Professor Chris Impey really takes this subject to a whole new level of understanding. I will definitely go for another course on Astrobiology made by him
It has been a very enjoyable and interesting course. I think prof Chris Impey has done a very good job on communicating this subject to an audience that doesn't have to come from a scientific background. I'll follow him on social media to keep track of what he has been doing.
I thought I knew about astronomy but this course answered so many questions I had and also made me able to explain certain subjects on the matter to my friends and family who got excited too. Really recommend it if you're into astronomy, space and want to know all about it!
One of the best courses I've enrolled in. The simple presentation and inclusion of relative videos and documents are very appreciable and they are the best.The course helped and motivated me to explore the science concepts very simply and learn more about those theories.
Just the push I needed to explore the field. Professor Impey explained the fundamentals of astronomy in a simple notion when they are actually tremendously complex. I am greatly indebted to this course for helping me grasp a bit of my previously lost battle with Physics.
Videos of lectures by the professor Cherish Impey helped to learn about the field of astronomy  about the planets ,galaxies, Milky Way ,black hole and the the universe.Very interesting and I acquired some basic knowledge in the field.Eager to do more courses In Coursera
Astronomy is the subject of fascination for me since my childhood. I always wanted to learn about the universe. This course has exceeded my expectations. All the lecture videos and other contents were excellent. And honestly, I am kind of sad that this course has ended.
I really like the way the videos were made, it's literally like a 1-1 session wiv the professor himself. I have learnt a lot in the process of completing each assignment, also it has done nothing but build my love for astronomy and space itself even further than it was.
Some of the videos were very strange, and seemed to detract from the learning atmosphere, such as the one with the planets with faces and rap music with old scientists in black and white cartoons. The class would be more professional without these videos in my opinion.
It's just great! Perfectly suited for beginners as it decomposes hard questions into a small, digestible chunks, and it sparks your creativity! After this course, you'll start looking into the sky more, and walk the planet Earth with a different feeling in your gut.
I found this course to be a useful summary of current knowledge on the universe. There were a number of areas where more mathematics could have been useful to me but I recognise that the intention was not to give full mathematical justifications - just an overview.
For all degrees of knowledge, this course provides a perfect overall look to astronomy, leaving some things to search on your own. It was really exciting to learn so much things about not just astronomy, also about matter and some interesting theories of physics.
What an amazing journey this course has been. I have thoroughly enjoyed studying astronomy with Professor Chris Impey. I already have a degree in Physics, but this course has brought me bang up to date with the last 30 years of astronomical discovery. Incredible!
It is an exciting and cognitive course about astronomy that covers all topics we might hear about the Universe. It gives a clear understanding of what is going on out there and what we already know. Do not expect deep science there, it is an introductory course.
This is an excellent course. I have learnt a great deal and found the course easy to follow when broken into bite size chunks. The quizzes and coursework have reinforced my learning. I would recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn about our universe.
The course is very well structured and touches a large range of topics. Professor Impey makes some of the lecture material very interesting and has simplified complex theories and concepts. However the Astropedia textbook needs to be updated with recent events.
I feel much more confortable speaking/listening about the universe now that I have a strong base, I watch the lives made by Professor Impey and I feel really happy to be confortable understanding what he is talking about. I love it from the bottom of my heart
Awesome course!  Professor Impey is very knowledgeable on the subject.  So fortunate to have had him!  Wanted to be an astronaut as a kid but everyone told me I would die in space.  At least now I have some knowledge on the subject!  Astronomy is AWESOME!
It was my first course on Astronomy, and I think is the best compilation of a vast number of concepts in a manner that is easy to understand and imagine. This was really inspiring. Perhaps you may start to consider the subject as a new carrier to pursue.
Very interesting and informative course; incredible in its scope of course material. The lectures are well done, and the textbook provided is an easy to understand yet comprehensive tome. If you have an interest in astronomy, definitely take this course!
Professor Impey has created an engaging and up-to-date course that invigorated my desire to learn. This is an involved and comprehensive class and covers astronomy protons to black holes. You really need to invest studying time to get a passing grade.
Awesome, though sometime i could not follow up the week schedule, everything goes fine with my delay as well as late submission of assignment too. Hence, i could grab what instructor wanted to easily and practical assignment is also very interesting.
It is a marathon more than a sprint kind of course - 10+ weeks!-, but definitely I enjoyed it from beginning to end. Pfr. Impey is a top-level scholar, who makes this amazing field of knowledge accessible and easy to follow. Totally recommendable!
And Incredible Course that allowed me to explore the vastness of space and time,and understand even a little the magnificent and divine universe.very grateful to Professor Chris Impey and the steward observatory teaching team for the opportunity
After acquiring 2 masters degree and beginning work on a doctorate I have found a course that has taught me more than many of the courses that I have taken in person. Astronomy: Exploring Space and Time has been very well designed and taught.
This course is really awesome. It is excellent for starting Astronomy. It gives a review of from where man started to explore the universe and where he is now. It tells you about the horizon and now its your duty to walk beyond the horizon.
this course is amazing .I gained a lot more confidence in my astrophysics and astrology which is my hobby as well as talent .the professor sir chis impey is amazing and tell deeply about the universe in avery easy and understandable manner
Very fun introduction to Astronomy course. I like how the professor links external contents which are fun and compelling to the lecture videos. Also professors often have a Live Q&A sessions which is great for taking the knowledge further.
In this course I learned some interest things about the space and astronomy I didn't know before I started the course. And something I knew, with course I could improve my knowledge about that, so I learn to much things with this course.
Dr. Impey provides a stimulating overview of Astronomy in this course, replete with interesting historical facts at the start, and subsequently leading students through an exploration of astronomical objects, cosmology and astrobiology.
Excellent course. Professor Impey is fantastic. I've completed both of his courses on Coursera and my only wish is that there were more! The "Galaxy Zoo" website is a takeaway from this course that I see myself using lots in the future.
If you are interested in the field of astronomy, Astronomy: Exploring Time and Space is a great introductory course. Professor Chris Impey did an awesome job with the videos, they were very informative and the textbook was well written.
Excellent Course. I want to take a more advanced course. I learned more than I expected and refreshed my current knowledge in astronomy. One of the best classes I have ever taken. The online structure is super easy to learn and retain!
It is a great course for both people who are new to astronomy and to people who already have some knowledge about it. Ir provides solid information in an engaging way, and I really enjoyed it! The live sessions were especially useful!
Respected sir,Thank you so much for this auspicious and knowledgeable course .This knowledge will definitely helped me to enhance my abilities while working in astronomy domain.I also wished to become aero Astro scientist.Thanks again
You can grasp the beauty of life and the world around only by getting deep knowledge in Astronomy. The course is great. English pronunciation of the teacher is nice. Tests are good, looking for peer assessments in the future sessions.
Absolutely amazing. Everything, from the course material to the presentation, was just wonderful in getting the contents to safely reach the knowledge gate of the students. Recommended to anyone interested in astronomy (obviously!).
The most comprehensive astronomy course on the internet. Chris Impey is really the best mentor who on the simply way teaching us very complex science topics. I am really grateful to him since he has provided us amazing free content.
Really great work to resume knowledge of Astronomy since it's origin, gives also a broad view of scientific thinking and method.   Chris Impey and his team really make an effort to teach very relevant concepts, 100% recommendable
This course was very helpful for me. It has covered a vast range of topics regarding astronomy. I learned a lot of new facts by doing this course. This course was indeed one of the best courses of astronomy I have done till date.
Thank you for the opportunity to learn from you! Though every information is overwhelming, I can't wait to look back and start learning again so I could effectively communicate Astronomy to the public. Thank you and clear skies!
Prof. Impey has made it easy for me to understand the basic Astronomy I highly recommend this course for anyone who interests in Astronomy. You don't need the prior experience or any scientific background to enjoy the course.
The professor moves very fast, but is good at explaining complicated concepts and giving examples that are very helpful.  In this format, it's easy to go back and review so the fact that he moves fast isn't really a problem.
The course is exceptionally good provides a large amount of information. Starting from beginning to a mixed-intermediate method and will be very helpful for enhancing your knowledge about the various concept in the universe.
Amazing course, it covers almost every aspect of astronomy. History, stars, exoplanets, etc.Lovely course for astronomy enthusiasts. The assignments really make one do actual research and then think and wrote their answers.
I've had amazing journey in learning much about astronomy. The course content was amazing, the teacher and mentor were very helpful and answered each and every query. There is much more to learn from the Discussion Forums.
Excellent introduction! Whils many of his topics are beyond the understanding of my untrained and unscientific brain, I was able to retain enough of the larger concepts to have a better grasp of the nature of the universe.
Honestly one of the best courses out there. It is explained really well and overall a very enjoyable experience. Professor Impey is a great teacher and I'm thankful that I had this opportunity to take part in this course.
Exhilarating course, interesting from the start till the very end. The material is split very logically and every week you delve deeper and deeper into space. An absolute recommendation for anyone interested in astronomy!
It was a very interesting course. Professor Impey is a wonderful lecturer with a great mind and an enthusiasm for his subject. It is just the right level for one who wants an introduction to astronomy with broad coverage.
Very interesting class. At begining, I know nothing about Astronomy. I'm glad for have followed this class all overs these weeks, every week a new surprise about our infinite universe. I'll recommand it to all my friends.
Loved it. Learnt so much my head hurts (in a good  way)!!! I would recommend this course to anyone wanting to develop a greater understanding of our place amongst the stars and what goes on all around us in the universe.
One of the best courses around. It's not a graduate course, and it does not teach you the secret of physics, but the compact, vivid presentation gives you a great overview of the field and of the exciting things to come.
The teaching team had been very helpful in handling every students questions in the discussion Thread. The YouTube Live QnA session also exciting! Salute for the "Astronomy: Exploring Time and Space" teaching team! :-)
This course is the Master of Astronomy. I'm highly recommending this course to those who are interested in knowing about outer space. This course is suitable for anyone regardless of age and educational qualification.
This course is the second couresera course which completed.  It is always nice to learn from people who do frontier work in the field they teach.  I thank coursera for giving me this wonderful opportunity.  Sakthivel
This course widened my knowledge about Astronomy and related fields. Professor Impey was able to deliver the materials well, and was able to impart many knowledge to me. I will certainly enroll in his other courses.
The course is very good. It provided me with lots of knowledge. It consists of lots of information to learn and lots of activity to do. Thanks to the instructor for describing the informative topics so beautifully.
The professor Cris have done very good job to explore us in space and timeI love this course and iam fascinated from my childhood to learn about this subjectThankyou University of Arizona and team Coursera ❤️❤️❤️ .
By far one of the best courses I have taken on Coursera. The amount of material is astounding and of great quality through and through. I highly recommend this course. Be prepared to work for your diploma, however.
this course was very helpful. Astronomy has always been one of the most interesting topics. There is so much about this universe that is unknown to mankind. this course has covered almost every topic in astronomy.
Although I was graduated from a faculty of science but the first lessons about evidence, uncertainty, imagination and hypothesis were COMPLETELY new for me,So thanks a lot for all of you especialy  Dr.Chris Impey
Intriguing, well structured, supported with interesting examples and image/video materials. Also, probably the key part - amazing lecturer, who makes you fall in love with science from the very first minutes.
I think it's one of my favourite Mooc courses so far. It would be really great if there would be a possibility to study astronomy to a full undergraduate degree online (and don't get poor by paying the fees).
Fascinating course, very nicely set and laid out. I was eager to move to the following week as the course progressed. Professor Impy  presented information and data in a very comprehensive and eloquent way.
Loved the course and the professor. Learned a lot.  As a retiree I am interested in auditing courses and  not necessarily in completing all the assignments. Have highly recommended the course and Coursera.
it is an amazing subject, and it is well taught by professor Impey. It was so much fun the way he presented it, with a lot of nice multimedial material but also a lot of hard work to complete the course.
It was my first ever online course and an amazing experience, my interest in the subject has increased even more and I realized how much there is to learn and how complex and interestig the universe is.
its a very good course for understanding the universe. it told about the discovery and imagination behind science.its surely help me in future and also i will know many things about astronomy.thank you
A great course covering a wide range of subjects linked to Astronomy.    Very engaging and varied, perfect for someone who's never studied Astronomy before (and hasn't done any science since school).
Amazing introductory course and covers wide variety of topics ranging from history, to astronomy to astrobiology. Really great of amateur astronomers and for anyone who is remotely interested in it.
A very interesting course in the aim of having broad look of astronomy with many lessons to help you to explore many interesting topics. For me it has been really worthy to take part of the course.
Enjoyed our journey through the eleven weeks. This was a memorable experience, the course was very informative and the quiz and assignments were fun rather than stressful. Liked the intro music!!
Excellent course ever....its very informative and enhance my knowledge regarding the space and astrophysics.The way of teaching is very exquisite and really it is very preety course...Thank you.
This course combines theory and practice and it is a good starter for getting to know they key concepts in astronomy while having an overview about the latest discoveries in this dynamic field.
It's a very interesting and complete course. It's quite simple to follow, even if you don't have any science background like me. Prof. Impey is great, clear in explanations, very good teacher.
Excellent beyond words. I learned so much and became very motivated to continue further explorations on such a fascinating subject.  We have the best tutor one can hope for:  Pof. Chris Impey.
Amazing for a beginner as it has no complex equations. This is a qualitative handling of the subject, mainly to spark interest, and encourage someone to pursue this as a career, or long term
WONDERFUL! very interesting, prof Impey  has been a wonderful teacher during these weeks, his english was really fluid and understandable even by non native speakers. i highly recommend it!
Loved this course more than studying it was 12 week journey for me and thanks to this i course for making me enter the realm of astronomy........always remember the great time i had........
Very good course by instructor chris impey, i learned a lot from this course about astronomy there are many assignments and activities that improved my knowledge and curiosity in astronomy.
A very interesting course allowed me to gain basic and even deeper systemic knowledge about the Universe, our solar system, the planets. The knowledge is laid out in a clear, engaging way.
An excellent course, I really enjoyed it. I suggest anyone even mildly interested in astronomy take it, whether you're a 10th grader or a college student. Fantastic job by Professor Impey.
Great course to give someone an intro into Astronomy. Recommended for anyone who has been interested in space exploration, life on other planets and our general place in the vast universe
Wonderfull opportunity to learn about our universe. Excellent and clear explanations at the introdutory level that an non-expert can study and gain knowledge about this.Congratulations.
Excellent course ... very true stuff ... Discuss the actual problem we are facing in exploring the astronomy ... and most of the methods by which we calculate these universe mysteries.
The structure of the sessions are very organized with detailed explanation for every small phenomenon. Quite an interesting course and very helpful to understand the space for lay man.
It had surpassed my expectations in providing me the knowledge of the cosmos!!!  A very good course for anyone who wants to understand the basics of where we belong in the universe.
Well presented at a pace that could be easily followed. Content was up to date with good explanations. Enough data presented to give a good understanding of the concepts dealt with.
I WAS A BEGINNER IN THIS TOPIC,I WAS NEW TO THIS SUBJECT.MANY INTERESTING FACTS I GOT TO KNEW IN THIS LECTURES MUCH CURIOSITY ABOUT OUR UNIVERSE .IT WAS AWESOME TO DO THIS COURSE.
I would really like to thank the proffesor and his team because I have learned so much. The course is very interesting and the practical side of it is done really well. Thank you!
An excellent course! Great lectures, wonderful supplementary materials, and an excellent professor with a fun sense of humor, which helped make the video lectures easy to follow.
The best course about astronomy I've been! There is no question that you will learn new stuff every week with Chris Impey. I appreciate all the material and support gave to me.
Excellent, i'm a fan of astrophysics and astronomy, not a practicioner. The content was very interesting. Good job both that of the professor and Coursera/University of Arizona
I have been interested in astronomy for many years and the course has increased my interest in this fundamental subject. I thought the course was excellent and I learned a lot.
This course is the best course I have seen and bring more interesting things to do more research on it.The doubt session was also amazing.Thank you so much --Prof. Chris Impey
Chris Impey is one of the best instructors I have ever taken a course with. He has the ability to take complex ideas and make them accessible to everyone. Highly recommend it.
i have learned too much about Astronomy, this course is very  clear,  explained in a very easy way, I am  so glad to participate, and I hope have a second part of this course.
Great course, Professor Impey does a wonderful job of explaining this topic and keeping it interesting.   Highly recommend his parallel book on the same topic, "How It Began".
This is the best course I have done in Coursera. The use of animations, videos, resources, The occasional humor and the way the lecturer addressed each topic. Simply amazing!!
Its really for us to know atleast a bit about our universe. And i beleive this is the best course for any beginer who has even a little curiosity in outer space and astronomy
A very interesting course about the basic concepts of astronomy with lots of additional funny videos and slides. Thanks a lot to professor Impey and everybody who created it!
This is a very thorough and informative introduction to the field of astronomy, and contains a lot of practical information that everyone interested in the night sky can use.
Great course! Very insightful and interesting. Goes over everything from history to current theories. Forums are very active and live streams (for Q&A) are frequent. Thanks!
Really enjoyed this course, wish we learnt more of this at school! Chris also hosts live sessions which are fantastic. Quirky music and TV show references, keeps things fun!
FANTASTIC COURSE.   As an old retired physics major and dentist it was a great review of the current state of knowledge about the universe and astronomy.   Wonderful Course!
This course covers almost everything you need to know about astronomy. Though it is informative, Prof. Chris Impey has covered every aspects of astronomy in very great way.
I always have passion for astronomy. So, This was very helpful.  And I enjoyed learning Prof. Impey's lectures. Coursera gives you worthy knowledge and learning experience.
This is the best course I have ever completed in my life. I am extremely thankful to Prof. Chris Impey and his team for making such a wonderful course. It's just amazing.
Beautiful, gorgeous and fascinating, one of the best courses ever followed;  rich in content and explained with elegant clarity. Thanks for making it available to anyone.
I really enjoyed this course the platform worked great.i found the professor to be great at explaining  the subjects to be understood easier then I thought they would be
Great course! Presented in a way that is exciting and easy to follow. Perfect for those just begining in astronomy and a great refresher for those with more experience.
This has been a vastly enriching experience for me. Thanks to Prof. Impey, his team and Coursera for allowing knowledge and ideas to be expeirenced accross the world.
Apart of getting to know interesting things about the universe, I also learnt astronomical science in a little depth. Professor Impey indeed is an excellent teacher.
Very interactive and comprehensive! Kudos to everyone! It is my biggest dream to work in NASA and this course just helped my get motivated to pursue my dream. Kudos!
Fascinating. Professor Impey delivers comprehensive yet detailed information regarding basic Astronomy. This course motivates me to study further about the subject.
An excellent course produced by an excellent lecturer, Prof Chris Impey!He covers the vast area of Astronomy in this comprehensive course, and he does it very well.
An amazing course! Fascinating and engaging, well-documented and illustrated, with original activities, and a challenging subject matter. Don't hesitate to enroll!
One of the best Astrophysics courses ever. Has given me the best knowledge of Astrophysics. I recommend this course to all astronomy and astrophysics enthusiasts.
Very interesting course. Professor Impey made this course extremely well, enough work each week to keep me busy but not too much. This course has taught me a lot.
It is an amazing course with many interesting activities and assignments. It covers many prospects about the Universe. The lectures are very good and informative.
This is a great course that covers a lot of fascinating topics. Professor Impey does a great job presenting the material. Thanks a lot for the interesting course.
Very interesting course. You can learn plenty of new things, more that you might imagine, with very funny videos from time to time. I recommend it to everybody.
I loved all the lectures of Mr. Chris Impey and enjoyed the live interactive sessions with him. I will be happy to receive a certificate signed by him. Thank u
I could able to know the A to Z of Astronomy. This course Is really wonderful. The lecture slides and tehe activities offered this course is really interesting
this is a great course that will introduce you in Astronomy. it covers almost all the main important  basics requirement to give you a great general knowledge
It was an awesome experience, and I'm so glad I decided to take the course. I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves astronomy and wants to learn more.
Interesting introduction with comprehensive textbook. Very impressive lector and writing assingment which can be used by astronomy teachers for their lessons.
The professor has been very inspritional with great humor. Although the course does not go deep in detail, it gives a comprehensive picture about the subject.
This is an incredibly comprehensive and valuable course. Prof. Impey is an incredible teacher and delivers the content in an attainable and logical fashion.
Greatly enjoyed this course and learned a lot. Feel like I have a good grounding in the basics of astronomy and the course updated my knowledge quite a bit.
Best starter course for newbie in Astronomy. The lectures are very informative and the course contents are really good. Thanks to Chris Impey and Coursera.
It is a very interesting course, i learn a lot about the universe and i like that they show us real pictures of the space and of the research nasa has done
I haven't quite finished the course yet, but so far it has been fascinating.   Well done to the Coursera team and to Prof. Chris Impey, the course leader.
Excellent course, lots of first-class, professional material, videos, podcasts, and texts. Great interactions from Prof. Impey. I would highly recommend.
Wonderful course, after some time I will repeat.Thank you very much Prof. Chris Impey, you have given me much insight.We keep in touch, best regards, Bob
It was a bit long and maybe overstuffed, but it covers about every subject in modern day Astronomy form a layman's point of view. I enjoyed the course.
its a best course for space and astronomy lovers and also those who are curious on space science.its pretty much good for those who love space science
Tons of information incluiding humor in astronomy!. Everything explained for people who for first time is interested in the topic. I had a great time!
This course is amazing with much information and an excellent explanation of any topic. The videos shown makes it even more sufficient to understand.
Its the best course by the best professor of all , Chris  a distinguished professor of Arizona , i would love to attend more of his courses in future
Many of the lectures were recorded years ago. But, the information is still great, and a little follow up research on the web will get you caught up.
This course is very rich of video material, and follow up with quizzes and assignments. Really recommended if you want to start exploring astronomy.
Well-balanced in terms of content and very informative course; did an excellent job in formulating complex concepts into digestible form. Thank you.
One of the best courses I have ever taken! It was extremely informative for non-majors and Dr. Impey does an incredible job teaching it. Thank you!
I enjoyed it a lot learning many subjects and topics about astronomy. It helps you get a wide view of astronomy science and learn the fundamentals.
The course is well designed to give understanding of space and time for interested fellows in Astronomy.Mentor is superb and explains in detail.
SIR CHRIS, IF I WOULD BECOME AN ASTRONOMER, ITS ALL WORK WILL GO TO YOUYOU TOLD ME THE BASICS OF THE ASTRONOMY. I WOULD REALLY LIKE TO MEET YOU.
An amazing course and very informative one. I particularly liked the teaching very much. Thank you so much for providing this wonderful Course.
Brilliant Course. Excellent balance of hard and easier topics. Well delivered by the staff and very interesting. More courses like this please.
A wonderful experience with a wonderful teacher. Would recommend to anyone with an interest and no knowledge of maths or physics is required.
Very in-depth and interesting. Impey is a good lecturer and the videos provided are packed with information. I highly recommend this course.
Professor Impey has been exceptional throughout the course. The quality of his lectures and material is one of the finest I have ever seen.
Excellent course and content. Learned a lot about a field which I way always curious about, but knew very little about. Highly recommended.
I get here a lot of useful and interesting knowledge, and the professor explains everything very well, so that everybody can understand it.
Very enjoyable course, especially for a beginner Astronomer like me. Lots of information, all very interesting. Would highly recommend it.
it provides me a lot new point of view knowledge , and it broads my eyes of view, and i appreciate the astonishing new ideas and concepts.
This course is not only knowledgeable but also interesting. Many short videos added along with the lecture made it even more interesting
Thanks a lot! This courses teaches not only astronomy but the fundamental pillar of science, what science actually is, how to "Science"!
Really interesting and exactly at the right level for me!!!Thanks to the teacher who is very clear and manages to communicate enthusiasm
I am only a few weeks into it, but those first few weeks have been absolutely fascinating.  I'll come bac at the end with a final score.
Brilliant course! I was in fact extremely disheartened when it ended. It was a great experience. A big thanks to professor Chris Impey.
An excellent presentation by Chris Impey with didactical explanations, among the best if not the best course in astronomy for amateurs.
Prof. Chris Impey has just been an amazing Teacher to begin the journey of Astronomy. Courses are well designed and quite Interesting.
Actually, i love astronomy more than anything, this course contains some of my favourite topics in astronomy and i love this course...
I learned so much and was never bored. prepare to spend quite a bit of time every week on the course, its completely worth it though.
I'd planned only to audit it but it's been better than expected, it's explained clear but it allows critical and scientific thinking.
It was an awesome experience, This course deserves 5 stars. Thanks to everyone who worked for this course, it was absolutely perfect.
this course help me to understand about universe in non mathematical way, without this course I didn't able to understand and learn .
Very nice course, well planned out, with just a few mistakes. Overall, would recommend this course to anyone interested in astronomy.
Breathtaking. Complicated theories simply told. Captivating. Like a book that you just can't put down. An outstanding quality work.
Excellent course. I always had curiosity on the matter and this course provided me the next step in terms of knowledge. Thank you!
a bit of difficult words from now and then as a non-native English speaker it can be hard to follower but it's a darn good course!
An extraordinary opportunity for anyone with a desire to explore the state of modern astronomy and its breathtaking discoveries.
Excellent! Exceeded my expectation. My heartfelt gratitude to Prof. Chris Impey for sharing his knowledge. Thank you Professor!
Thank you!!!!!!.Excellent  course and  teacher.  It gave  me an amazing knowlege of Astronomy.  A lot of stuff I've ever Known.
I most certainly loved it! The professor leads you through every step and aspect of the Astronomy with charisma and exactitude.
Great beginners astronomy class, instructor is very detailed and have plenty of videos, charts, animations, ect for extra help.
Fantastic course, really opens your mind to the Universe. A "MUST DO" course for anyone who is in love with the stars & space.
"I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars make me dream." This course showed me deeper dreams. Thank you.
excellent program for starting in the world of astronomy... It was a great pleasure to experience Chris' work... it a must do
Though I dont have the resources for the certficate, this is a great course to continue or start your interest in astronomy.
Excellent intro to the field. Pleasant presentation of course material with nice videos and easy to comprehend backup text.
This course is very interesting. Thanks a lot to the instructors, especialy to Mr  Impey. He express the ideas very clear.
It was a very intresting and exciting course. I have learned too much on it. Thanks to all people involved on this course!
Lecture is very nice but pictorial presentation are very less. That makes beginner to difficult to understand some points.
This course was perfect! Loved learning about my second passion in life - Astronomy. Highly recommend taking this course!
Its was an interesting course and a lot to learn about the universe. I am glad that i took this opportunity to learn it.
An amazing course for those who want to know what Astronomy is and also for those who want to dive deep into Astronomy!
This course is a perfect course. Every title, video and exam is so great, in my opinion. I am learning many new things.
Complete information for to know the actual situation about Astronomy and good video resources for easy understanding.
I was gettin' entertained everytime I watch and study the videos of lessons and I learn a lot of new things every day
This course was excellent. I have learned a lot and really enjoyed the latter topics about relativity and cosmology.
So far it is extremely well done commentary, information and thorough I even learned about the scientific process!!
Excellent course by Professor Chris Impey, I learned things I did not know about the cosmos, greetings from Mexico.
Loved EVERY minute of this course, was so interesting and I just love learning about astronomy, it's so fascinating
This course was really good it explained so many things which I was unfamiliar with. I really enjoyed this course!
Excellent topic, good explanations. Proffesor Impey masters the subjet and transfer knowledge in an excellent way.
This is a very informative course which facilitates a basic understanding right up to an in depth study of space.
Prof. Impey s very good at delivering videos and he's very knowledgeable .... wish I was smart as he is!!  LOL!!!
The Best Course for real learners of astronomy.This Course provides much much more than expected.It's Fantastic.
A great way to start for everyone interested in Astronomy. The lectures are easy to follow and very instructive.
Very well done course.  I have no background in astronomy, but had no trouble understanding the course material.
If you are interested in exploring space and gather knowledge about it, then it's a great course to start with.
Definitely a five star course, instructor could have written the book on how to teach online- really wonderful.
A really overwhelming quantity of information and an amazing presentation covering a wide spectrum of Astronomy
The overall course was excellent. There was a lot of information about things I never knew about space before.
It is a great introductory astronomy course. I will recommended to any one wanting to start out in astronomy.
This course was a fantastic insight in to the workings of the Galaxy and a brief explanation of life on earth
Excellent, very complete. Complex themes explained in a fantastic clear and didactic way. Totally recommended
Brilliant course this was. Recommend to anyone who would like to know bit more about the Universe we live in.
First course I took....Simply amazing experience, Prof. Chris Impey taught very well and in simplified way.
I learned so much from this course! The topics were perfectly ordered and you can quickly go with its flow.
A good introductory course in astronomy that extends even to intermediate astronomy. I highly recommend it!
i want to be an astronomer. and i really loved this course. this is very beneficial and good for amateurs.
Amazing content, one of the most interesting courses ever! If you like Astronomy this is the right choice.
I enjoyed every minute of it because it satisfied my curiosity about learning more about what's out there!
Wonderful insight and delivery by instructor.  Visual material very helpful for comprehension.  Well Done!
The best course ever. Professor Chris Impey is brilliant. He makes complex things so easy. Thank You Sir.
Great conceptual level overview of many topics in and related to space and astronomy. Highly recommended.
Great course for people interesting in what's going on in the universe, exoplanets and how things work.
Thank you very much! Excellent course, definitely one of the best astronomy courses I have done so far.
This is a really good course to learn and understand from the beginning to the current research areas.
Excellent course! During this quarantine, going over this material was truly the highlight of my days.
An excellent course full of fantastic information and videos. I would highly recommend this to anyone!
My hobby gets a direction... Thanks a lot for this informative outstanding knowledgeable course... 🖤
Fantastic course! So engaging and fascinating. I learned an enormous amount. I was sad when it ended!
Very interesting course! I loved every single unit. I wish there was a more advanced astronomy class.
BeIng a desIgn student, havIng passIon about art and space, would love to do more around such skills.
Awesome course to get a better understanding of astronomy, night sky objects and the universe itself
Good and easy to understand course so you can learn and know the Space field more deeply, Thank you.
A very good course and well structured. I would like to thank coursera team and specially the guide.
I learned many beautiful things about our universe in a very easy, interesting and entertaining way.
A very good an educational course taught by an amazing professor. I would recommend this to anyone!
The professor gave insightful explanations and examples to most difficult concepts in Astronomy. :)
Excellent knowledge with all the images and current situation and found it very useful and helpful.
Fabulous as usual. Thanks Dr. Impey for your tireless efforts in educating people round the world.
This course has been the best I've done on Coursera so far. Dr. Chris Impey is a legend. Respect.
I enjoyed and learned a lot from this course. It has been really mind opening and so interesting.
This course gives a broad view on the topic of astronomy without going into details or equations.
Very Good Course I Love Astronomy Difficult butt Helpful course. I'm gain 89.8%. Good Percentage.
I found the course challenging and really provided and excellent grounding for further studies.
This course is literally equivalent to an actual astronomy course. Very precisely made. Thanks!
exceptional course ¡ For undergraduate students , teaches of sciences, and amateurs astronomers
This course is excellent for people who are taking an interest in learning about our universe
This supper great. I am very satisfied form this course. And i want more course of this type.
One of the best courses to get a good idea about astronomy. Very easy and also very engaging.
Best course I've taken so far with detailed and easy to understand explanation and analogies.
Amazing, very well structured course. Professor Chris Impey and his team are simply the best!
Thank you so much for your kind efforts in teaching us. Thank you, you are great professor😀
Brilliant course! I thouroghly enjoyed it and I plan to study Astronomy further as a result.
An excellent course with wonderful extra sources of information and practical things to do.
Excellent material. It would be nice to have more visuals to supplement the verbal process.
Amazing well organized course with a top class instructor. Thoroughly interesting and fun.
The teacher is one of the best i have ever seen, truly an expert in this field of science.
Very broad cover of the field, very well explained. I only wish there was more. Thank you.
LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS COURSE!!! AMAZING!! 10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Great experience with this course. Learnt many Astronomical tools to expand my knowledge.
It was a fantastic trip around the universe, with the incredible professor Chris Impey.
Well done and structured. Prof. Impey good teacher and explain in a well and clear way.
Learned loads and still learning, and Prof. Chris Impey is awesome and a great teacher.
It was an amazing experience learned a lot about space and how vast  it is. Thank you
An exciting and wonderful course on astronomy. I enjoyed every moment of this course.
A very illustrative course that brings us closer to the wonderful field of astronomy
it was a detailed course and i don't think you can find better than this # coursera
Such a great Teacher in Professor Impey. Thank you, thoroughly enjoyed this course
Astronomy is a very interesting science. I have learned a lot of useful knowledge.
Thank all of you to give us this opportunity to learn something about Astronomy...
I loved this course! It was in-depth enough to satisfy my needs. Very well taught.
Great course, very detailed supporting materials if you want to do lot of reading.
Excellent course ! Very inclusive, it covers almost all the fields of Astronomy !
The delivery of the material was excellent.  Very informative and interlaced with
A big Thank you to prof. Chris Impey, University of Arizona and Coursera team...
Great course! It's a great form to learn about astronomy and some basic physics!
Fenomenal!I have learnt lots. Very easy to follow. Great teacher.I will be back!
Nice lecture series . Thank you Chris Impey for all the guidance and knowledge .
This is the best course I have taken. Thanks COURSEA and Thanks Professor impey.
A very great experience and a good start for aspiring astronomers and physicist.
Very easy to understand and the ideal course to open your accounts to astronomy.
Endlessly fascinating and thoughtfully presented to engage you for light years.
Very well done.  Something interesting in every lesson.  I highly recommend it.
Loved the explanation,loved the way our doubts were resolved.Thank you so much
It's is a pretty Good Course and I will recommend it to every astronomy lover.
The course was Insightful and fun. Learned a lot about some unfamiliar topics.
nice course. Starting is little bit bor bt later the course become intersting
Such an interesting topic dealt in an interactive way. Enjoyed it throughout.
Very good and interesting course. I learned a lot. Chris is very good.Thanks
A great course for those interested in the basics of astronomy and cosmology
Very interesting course, useful for beginners in astronomy and for advanced.
Very good course, loads of information brough on a way even I can understand
Very enjoyable course. Loved every minute of it and I'm sad it's finished!!
Absolutely brilliant and highly essential course for all astronomy lovers!
Learning about the history of science and astronomy in general is awesome!
A FASCINATING COURSE. IT REALLY HELPS US TO APPRECIATE HOW VAST SPACE IS.
Well exceeded my expectations! Lots of science, yet never dry and boring.
Fantastic course as well as the course materials.....thoroughly enjoyable
Chris Impey is a storyteller like no other. This is Cosmos on steroids.
Just amazing course. Going to take another one to get deeper knowledge.
The classes were phenomenal. Thanks to Prof. Chris Impey and his team.
It's a good course for the beginners who are interested in astronomy..
Excellent course for anyone who wishes to unfurl the secrets of space.
Very good course, well explained with a lot of material and resources.
Really enjoyed this course. Accessible, fun, and I've learned so much.
I'm learning more about astronomy than ever before! This is truly fun!
Very interesting course that anyone can take and learn a lot from it!
Inspiring and insightful subjects. Extremely knowledgeable professor.
course is very elaborate and interesting, very happy with the content
Very Good and thanks a lot for sharing a universe full of information
Course is great.I do not like to write assignments, sorry for that.
thi course is one of the best courses in astronomy that i had take
Amazing fully loaded starter pack for rookie Astronomy aspirants.
Absolutely loved this course and thoroughly enjoyed the lectures!
Great course to start studying about Astronomy. High recommended!
It's really good and help us understand the nuisance of cosmology
Excellent study material, great professor, very good compilation
The course was too good for a enthusiast in understanding space.
Amazing course. So easy to follow and a lot of knowledge gained.
very helpful to me and most beautiful thing happened in my life
very informative course, learned a lot through this one course.
Excellent instruction presented in an inspired and dynamic way.
Nice course , and presentation of the professor was excellent.
I am really enjoying this course.  Thank you Prof. Chris Impey
Really enjoyed this course! Very interesting and great fun :-)
Most enjoyable and informative course. Thoroughly recommended.
This course was very interesting and informative. I liked it.
Very good introductory course about all aspects of astronomy.
Highly recommend this course for anyone fascinated by cosmos!
Wort taking this course if you have an intrest in astronomy!!
It's the best course on Coursera. Thank you Professor Impey!
Very beautiful and interesting course. I would do it again.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this highly interesting course.
It helped me to open my eyes!  Really great! Thank you all!
Great course. Really interesting. Live sessions. Excellent.
really a great course and a chance to reach our interests.
Such a fun time, and I learned so much about the universe!
FiveStarstothecourseandobvioustotheteatcher!Greetingstoall
I am i week 5, for now I found this course very attractive
reallyy awesomee experience with quizzz and  assgignments
Interesting course that everyone need to get a glance on
I enjoyed this course. Very informative and educational.
Great course, easy to follow and an excellent teacher...
Great course, it opens your mind to broader perspective!
Reviewing my first love in a comprehensive and fun way!
No words. IT IS THE BEST  ASTRONOMY COURSE EVER !!!!!!!
Amazing amazing course .Thanks to professor chris impey
great professor..mind blowing experience. alot to learn
It was by far the most interesting course I ever took.
The best course I've taken so far. It's extraordinary!
Excellent insight into the current state of astronomy.
This class was great! I learned a lot about astronomy
An amazing course but the instructor speaks too slow.
Extremely worth it.i would redo it all over again....
I Love Astrophysics And sir Please Add More Courses .
Best course , very interesting and full of knowledge
Very well explained and concise. Highly recommended!
Fantastic course for anyone interested in astronomy.
Best course for having basic knowledge of Astronomy
This course was really interesting and educational.
Really good course, I would recommend it for all !!
Amazing course, really complete and well explained
The best course about astronomy I've ever taken.
The most incredible course that you can imagine.
Thank you so much! I really enjoyed this course!
A really amazing course, everyone should do it!
It is an amazing course to amateur astronomers.
Exceptionally wonderful course for space lovers
Thank you for the very challenging experience.
Very good and full of interesting information.
Best and helpful one i have ever came across.
very interesting and fun (especially week 3 )
The great course, No words to say its royalty
I learnt alot offers great resources to learn
I learned a lot from this course. Thank you!!
Great course to know more about the universe.
Interesting, inspiring and very informative.
Looking forward to receive more information.
This course is very interesting, I love it.
This course is amazing informative and fun.
Extremely concise and informational course.
Very good course, good source of knowledge.
interesting course and experienced lecture
Best class ever!!! Outstanding instructor!
Enjoyed learning lots of astronomy stuff!
Bravo! Enjoying these lectures immensely!
Simply super and definitely gonna miss .
I just wanted to look at pretty stars...
Thanks so much! Very interesting course!
Well prepared, laid out and informative.
Best course for K 12 student of India .
A great couse to start in this science.
The best course I have taken so far. :)
One of the best courses I´ve ever taken
Amazing course with top notch teaching!
This course is very fun and rewarding.
I have really enjoyed my journey here.
Fantastic learning experience!  I will
Wonderful experience, most recommended
Perfect intro to astronomy and beyond!
Best course and very nice explanation
Already fulfilled my childhood dream.
Awesome course! Thank you, Dr. Impey!
It was awesome, absolutely loved it.
Excellent course, highly recommended
Great course! Thank you, professor!
The content is interesting and new.
Was fun and engaging! Great course!
absolutely knowledge gaining course
Great Introduction to the Universe!
Great course by a great professor!
Really complete and interesting!!
excellent experience and learning
Great introduction to astronomy.
I loved doing this course a lot!
Very good and very interesting.
Very nice course & informative.
One the best course in course.
This course defined my career.
Best course I have ever had.
Great Insight for beginners
many topics and very clear.
It was exceptionally good.
Great comprehensive course
The BEST Astronomy course!
Great Course for Beginer.
Thank you for the support
The Course was awesome...
Just loved it, wonderful!
Professor Impey is great
Great learning!! Thanks!
Amazing. Impey is great!
Simply fantastic course!
Wonderful!!  I love it.
Extremely well content
Great content indeed!
It shows me the path.
5 star class. Period.
This is good course.
I love Chris Impey!
Easy for learning
fantastic.thanks
Really Nice....
Liked it a lot.
phenomenal!!!!
