Great content however the students who are grading the assignments don't give credit
Information was too repetitive all the time in every single week. Same introduction and nothing new. Words and the videos are repeating the same words in different ways. Too confusing and difficult to understand and this is why I give it a 1 star out of 5!!! This was a terrible course experience for me in my opinion.
I cannot access assignments..I feel like i wasted time ..i cannot even extend deadline
I have lots of feedback on how to improve this course! :) Hope it is constructive and helpful for future iterations...1) It's better to choose a dynamic, great speaker on camera, than an expert who cannot engage. Most of the speakers were really obviously reading a script behind the camera, and it was very weird to watch, I had to look away because it was so awkward seeing their eyes darting back and forth. I'd prefer a dynamic speaker who says 'this expert said this' than a boring expert (sorry guys). The eye thing was a real turn off, and some of them obviously felt really uncomfortable in front of the camera/teaching online. If they are going to read from a script anyway, better to choose someone better at on-screen facilitation (and get the expert to write the script!)2) The content felt quite disjointed in places; like it was trying to cram all things 'mental health' into one module, but they didn't align or synchronise. I wasn't sure what the main takeaways were supposed to be. Just a small small insight into everything, which felt confusing.3) The reading links were either a) outdated/a replica of the course content, b) didn't work or c) often were just random Australian website pages to join en event or workshop. This isn't 'reading for learning' in my opinion. They could've been much better. 4) Ultimately, I didn't feel like I learnt that much about mental health/psychiatry. It was very basic, and high level. I think I learnt more from reading books, but this course took much longer. I think this was because it was too broad, tried to cover too many topics and not enough time spent understanding them all properly. Thank you!
The course is quite basic and has a lot of peer review assignments. Even though i learnt quite a lot , still wouldn't recommend for someone who is doing a major in psychology
lots of probs with online testing. Tried to drop course but no luck...
I think people can make it more interesting. The videos are boring and the topics are kind of shallow
I believe we need more examples on how to practice positive psychiatry in modern day
The course is great, lectures informative and readings interesting. Gained quite a bit of knowledge. However, the peer assignment grading system is atrocious. I have gotten 0s and 100s on the same assignment which moderates my grade to 50, and it is obvious the peer graders absolutely put in zero effort by just putting 0 down for everything (even word count?!) which can be extremely demoralising because I had put in a lot of effort for the assignments. If one is to give 0, I'd recommend to have to put reasons down for it and for the lecturer to actually review the 0 or it would be unfair. Or to change the system to having 3 graders and using the higher 2 of the 3 to prevent lazy graders from sabotaging their peers. Otherwise, good course content.
Seems like people don't like giving good grades for the peer assignments on this course. Apart from that, the course seemed to lack professionalism and the different teaching assistants' constant flicker to and from the camera and the script was pretty distractive. Decent course otherwise.
Great course, but lacks diversity.
broad and interesting introduction to self-care techniques and recovery theory with real interviews, although week 4 contents seems a bit odd since they are more aligned with the field of clinical psyc rather than positive psyc. also some readings definitely takes more than 10 mins (as lebelled) to read and can be quite time-consuming.
Pitched a little low at first for someone with a level of background knowledge already (no professional qualifications but some relevant work experience) but it got better as the course went on. The course includes some useful material and left me with ideas for better helping a family member.
I learnt so much about my disorder and how to create a path and plan towards wellness and happiness. The reading lists were great and so helpful. However, I do wish there was some reading or resource on art therapy as well.
The course is good, however I thought it focused a little more on the issues people face rather than some real solutions they may apply on their own. Although there were lots of good links to find help.
The course is good. But peer's review system is not that good. Overall I really enjoyed this course. It's needed in such a time when most of the people go through mental health issues.
This was a very informative and easy to understand course, full of expert tuition and shared first hand experience. Some further practical activities would be an improvement.
I would encourage everyone to take this course simply because nearly everyone either experiences at some point, or has a loved one who experiences mental health distress. It is a very good basic course about how to promote wellbeing, and the message about how to define "recovery" outside of the clinical sense is important. It also does a good job of addressing the unfortunate stigma surrounding mental health. The first 3 weeks seemed a little slow to me as it is mostly stuff I have heard from other sources and seemed geared more towards general health and dealing with stress and less serious mental illness. The issue of psychotic illness, which was my motivation in taking this course, was not discussed until Week 4. I was hoping for more "positive psychiatry" approaches to help loved ones who live with symptoms of psychosis, but it was hardly addressed. Perhaps that could be a focus for a different MOOC!
The course of Positive Psychiatry and Mental Health provided by the University of Sydney is a helpful course for individuals who work in the medical profession and other allied medical professions but for scientific lay people as well. This course gives an insight on how an individual's well-being and mental health can be enhanced through various easy strategies that could be employed in our daily life. In addition, this course is enlightening regarding the various mental illnesses and how individuals who are clinically diagnosed with a mental disorder can become assisted by themselves or others towards their journey to recovery.
I learned a lot about what the constructs are within positive psychology. I really enjoyed the guest speakers and the lectures about strengths and happiness. Admittedly the "my story" part of the course was my least favorite and I would have liked it if the assignments could be submitted as an essay and not in little blocks. I would have enjoyed it to have a more academic/research structure in the assignment section as opposed to personal review/take away.
As I am suffering from a little bit of depression from nearly one year, I ended up taking this course. Though its not the best Scientific Psychiatry based course but it provides large number of tools, techniques & basic understanding of whats happening around. Its a simple yet highly useful course for people who are hunting for some metal peace & everyday based human flourishing.
I found this course very helpful. The reason why I am giving it five stars is because the transcriptions of the videos are full of mistakes. Also, the links to the self-assessments did not work (at least not during the weeks I was taking the MOOC, and I verified this with a couple of colleagues) and I found no way to contact anyone to bring up this issue).
An overall useful course, well organized and presented. Broadens our knowledge and gives food for thought plus some key issues for further learning. My only disagreement is the grading system. It is nice to get involved into peer reviews BUT a professional/teacher should be the one to decide upon the correct review and the grading.
Well-designed with lots of good information and references. My only criticism of the course is with regards to the almost total lack of interaction one has with other students. Even the peer-grading scheme is highly impersonal with little to no opportunities for connection or shared learning experiences.
The course was challenging as I have very little knowledge of the subject and chose it to learn more. As a result, I learned a great deal through the online resources and video lectures. I would recommend the course to anyone interested in the subject of positive psychiatry and mental health.
I really didn't like the fact other students were marking my work as I feel I was not properly marked on my last assignment. I spoke about two different topics and was marked as I only had one topic. one marker said I didn't have two topics and I did, so it's a bit frustrating.
Excellent quality video lectures and readings. Loved the content and found it very practical. I didn't like how some of the questionnaires during the video lectures marked incorrect responses as correct. The format of the page where you submit assignments is not very intuitive.
I found this course extremely beneficial and totally worth it. The way it was designed to cover all the essential parts in positive psychiatry was perfectly put.I think it should be a compulsory to any manager or leader to take it and add it to their degrees and courses.
Great foundational course for an overview of discourses in the field of Mental Health and the growing field of positive psychiatry. Course material and supplementary reading lists were very informative and easy to follow. Learned a lot and thoroughly enjoyed it!
I thought this course was very helpful and contained some great info. The only issue I had was that I completed a few of the exercises like the questionnaires and they wouldn't come up as completed. However as I was still able to com
The course was amazing, it helps to someone who is having troubles in life. However, sometimes the course goes so deep in some topics, that for someone who is not professional in the subjects could be a bit difficult to understand.
This course has been a great help to me in providing deep insight into Mental health and taught me about the ways to deal with mental health issues. The content is really informative and the resources provided are excellent!
this course taught me a lot about myself and how mental health is important for everyone. I would highly recommend this course to anyone looking to educate themselves around mental health, wellbeing and the art of Happiness
A Content oriented course and testing assessments and assignments are application based and trustworthy. It is more helpful me  for my further learning and researches in the field of Educational Psychology.
meaningful with concise but up to mark explanations.Do suggest some more certificate courses in Psychotherapies.Also would like to know when i would get certificateQuite
this course has been very helpful to me. its good if you want to learn about mental health and some easy and good ways to keep your mental health in a better state.
Only thing thats weird about this is course is blatant robotic reading by most of the teachers... othervise its a very useful and all round topic covered course
a really worthwhile course as an introduction into the many aspects of mental health. Great insight from a plethora of industry experts.
Lots of information. Was able to learn a lot from this. Sometimes when making notes i didn't know what to write as they said a lot.
This was a really good course but I think that emphasizes so much about Australia instead of talk about the world in general.
I felt like this course was an incredibly useful tool for beginners who have no basic knowledge of mental health issues!
Indept and a wonderful base toward undertanding basic concepts integral to holistic functions at various stages in life.
I knew some of the course prior, and it was pretty simple, but it was still really educational and fun!
Really informative course that gives practical tips on how to improve your mental health
Best Course to know about mental health and how to be positive in every aspect of life.
The course is easy to understand and the assignments are not too difficult to complete.
First i think it's difficult but experts made it easy to understand, thanks to You.
very well designed course,will be helpful to balance you and people around you
This course really change my ability to make decision and my thinking .
Very helpful to know the basics of mental illness and mental health.
Excellent course with a good range of presenters and case studies
Very informative and an excellent introduction to the subject.
Some link are missed or dont show the file, article or page
it was really informative and nice experience. :)
Great course, well put together and informative
I have learnt so many things in this Course!
Very useful and really intersting
I can't download my certificate
Well designed and articulated
Very interesting and usefull!
Very Interesting and helpful
Great course, thank you
This course is suitable for all those who want to learn the basics of mental health. It covers all the major topics in a brief with a lot of additional resources linked. Thanks to creators!
This is a fantastic resource for those suffer from depression, anxiety and other mental distresses. There are a number of perpsectives on mental health covered in the program, some I have only discovered through this course. The concepts are presented by pyschologists, pychiatrists and peoople who have suffered from mental distress. Information is presented in plain english and complex concepts are explained thoroughly. I have exprienced major depression and anxiety for the past 6 years, and only in the past 2 years have I been able to get the syptoms under control via medication. I have been trying to educate myself about my own mental health, and found that I would get lost in the sea of information available. This course provides a structured guide through some fairly complex topics, and found this to be the most benefitical part of the course. Thank you for putting this course together.
I learned what expected to learn from this course. I love the presenters and the manner of delivery. Resources abound too. I'm purchasing this course. I hope to meet you, guys in persons. Thank you.
This course is very beneficial to improve my personal and professional insights on Positive Psychiatry and Mental Health approaches in order to enhance ability to achieve mental well being.
Excellent Course integrating positive psychology, mindfulness and wellness modules. TITLE of the course speaks a LOT; never before it was thought that Psychiatry will also be re-seen as therapeutic modality through wellness modalities. I an qualified for Positive Psychiatry, Mindfulness (with Honors), Dr Milton Erickson's  Psychotherapy & NLP (Full professional course) ; AND I find this copurse great and wonderful. It opens a new area for those willing to be practitioner of NEW AGE THERAPIES. Dr Satish Kumar Kushwaha
The content of this course has been beneficial by presenting the various aspects of what positive psychiatry actually is and its effects on mental health. The material is useful, not only for those who are afflicted with varying conditions of mental health, but for personal self awareness and care. The take away for me is that I have been given tools to be more alert and cognizant of engaging in positive psychiatry.
I highly enjoyed this course. It was informative, and well structured. The videos and readings gave me a further understanding of mental illnesses and gave me a clear understanding of what they are and how one can overcome them. Having gone through depression myself, I was determined to help others that are going through mental illnesses. This course helped me equip my self to do so.
Excellent course specially in current scenario i.e. Covid 19 situation. This course helped me to understand not only my mental conditions but also my near and dear ones mental health and conditions.
This course was designed with extremely outstanding qualities. The keen devotion of all the professors are highly appreciated. You have made it possible for me to move on in my professional career.
Very well structured and speaks to anyone who may not have any background in psychology/mental health field.
This course came as so so helpful for me. I am sure it will be similar helpful for every single person who will opt for it. I can see change in me and my inner self. I came here to know about psychology as it been always my favorite field. But along with learning, my personality, my way of thinking changed.I feel different and I am loving it. Hope I will keep this new personality in tact. The promise they did is really is really worth it. My time spend doing this course, came to success. Hope to go for and opt new course of psychology and complete my desire of learning in this field. All the thanks to every renowned personalities who taught for providing with such knowledge and it is really interesting and the whole of POSITIVE PSYCHIATRY AND MENTAL HEALTH of Sydney University, Australia. My dealing with people and situation changing, and this is what I am loving the most. Hope to visit there soon. Lots of love and good wishes from INDIA, keep flourishing. Lastly, all the very best to the new comers. I will suggest, GO FOR IT ! YOU WILL LOVE IT !!
It was an awesome journey. I sort felt my whole existence covered in the course. I can now become a better educator, an individual , mother and lead a full life where i may be a carer for someone who needs it. I have never felt in the whole course that something went amiss. I cannot thank my mentors here enough. You have made me a stronger, independent and better individual . Thanks.
A wonderfully designed course. Every video tutorial is so well-explained and describes the topics perfectly. Every module is concise, crisp, and interesting. The assessments are fun to do and peer reviews are honest and on-point! I am really glad I chose this course as now I know the basics of what goes behind a person's psyche. Overall, a definite thumbs-up for this module! :)
Doing this course have helped me to go back to the coping strategies and reapply them in my personal life and work. I like learning in general thus the information are helpful, and I can look at different aspects of mental health. It's easy to understand for someone speaks English as second language and the assignments are useful to summary my learning.
This course was very well structured; videos were short and to the point, while being informative and interesting to listen to. The assignments were not too complicated and certainly achievable to finish in one week. I enjoyed it very much, thank you Sonia and the University of Sydney!
I have learnt in this past 5weeks more than I ever knew about mental challenges and its effect on the society, than I have known in 4decades. This course is revolutionary and has whetted my appetite to explore its core ideologies further.
Enjoyed and learned a lot in this MOOC. Inclusion of real life experiences is very touching. Learnt a lot about developing mental health and flourishing as a person. Thank you University of Sydney.
I joined the course to learn how to better understand people and to effectively help them, and as a bonus I completed the course having a better understanding of myself and improved mental health!
i found this course very useful, not only did it covered the new approach to mental problem that is, positive psychiatry, it also gave details on common mental illnesses in very easy way. Thanks
very helpful introdution of postive mental health and mental illness, specially during this hard quarantine time, this course has helped me to learn about my own mental illness. Thanks.
There were a lot of things that I did not know and are common in our behaviors. There are some good strategies described that I have found helpful to cater for mental health issues.
The course is thorough and can open my mind about mental health. I like the way we got assignments and had to review peers'work. Also, thank you for the financial aid!
Loved the class and teachers!  Really learned a lot; helped me to reflect and begin to move forward after career change due to mental illness.
I learnt a lot about mental health and help me to love myself even more than I did before, this was the best online course that I have taken.
easy and understandable, well organized and the use of language focus on both advanced and average English users
Many thanks to Dr  Sonia  Kumar  and all the lecturers  who have successfully put together such an amazing course, imparting  their wealth of knowledge and expertise in the field of "  Positive Psychiatry and Mental Health". I have truly enjoyed this wonderful  learning experience and would use this in my profession as a social support worker. I will be  taking it to the next level,as I am better prepared with skills and knowledge to get the job  done well. I found that this Mental Health  awareness is  very critical to the well being of our society  and nation as a whole. It is very vital to learn and know about the effects of this illness from all aspects ,as it can destroy families ,relationships,and lives of  people who are affected.  if not diagnosed or untreated without recognizing  its  initial stages through early detection and interventions could   become full blown and destructive to a nation's  prosperity of well being .
The best decision i took this year is to enroll in this course. It's such an authentic,informative,helpful,educational professional training, where i have to admit that i learned a lot.All the instructors are very well versed in their respective domains and explain things in a very in - depth manner. It's a very engaging course from the best of professionals. I gained lot of knowledge and new perspectives about psychology as a whole concept, thanks to this certificate course. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in investing their time,effort,energy & money into something fruitful like this. This is a highly beneficial course for anyone who is passionate about psychology, mental health,wellbeing & personal recovery.
the course was very well laid out. I  liked the way that each week was set to a separate topic and the videos were easy to follow.  The teachers all spoke clearly and the information given by the lecturer, plus the highlighted images or words made more of an impact.  All the reading material was of a good quality, particularly the website links - even though I do not live in Australia these are very useful in overall understanding and a good resource to compare to what is available in the UK.  This has really broadened my mind in terms of learning about mental health in general, but also looking after myself holistically.  Thank you kp
Very insightful course into getting a better mental health. I have lived experiences with mental health problems also and the combination of proffessionals and people with lived experiences provide a thorough allround course experience. This course is a natural extension for me and the peer education I took here in denmark in 2017. I look forward to broadening my own personal development even more now and I would like to say so much thanks you to all the people involved in creating this course. Thank you so much! Many many appreciations here from me:) John Beltran
I joined the course to help me learn how to understand people better and to effectively help them, and in the end I completed the course having a better understanding of myself and now have a much improved mental health. Completing this course helped me to understand not only my mental conditions but also my near and dear ones mental health conditions. This course is very beneficial to improve my personal and professional insights and be a Carer to people who need it. Excellent course specially in current  Covid 19 situation.
As a last year medical student who is highly passionate on mental health, this course has gave me a lot of new insights and knowledge that I did not know before. The materials are very practical, the information is compact with just the right duration and not overwhelming. The assignments are also helpful to help us better understand the materials, and also reflect on how to apply them in our lives. Not only have I enriched my knowledge, I am also now more aware of my own mental health. Thank you so much!
This course holistically approaches mental health. This course covers material from mind & body connection, social environment, mental disorders, and also the therapy and the recovery. I also love that this course also includes subjective experiences of mental disorder, so it is not only just about the theory of positive psychiatry and mental health but also about the personal experiences of individuals who have first-hand knowledge of their conditions.  It has been very fun and helpful, thank you!
Great course, helped me a lot about the understanding of my own related issues to mental health and well-being, and the understanding of the aspects related to recovery and resilience.I hope that more courses in this area could be available soon Thanks for the opportunity that made me able to better understanding reasons and answers to my mental status and the explanations about the ways I took without prior learning that resulted in confirmation for many believes I had.
The course on Positive Psychiatry was really useful to me. It helped me gain insights into a lot of  areas  on mental health.  The simple but effective measures that can be taken to ensure positive mental health for ourselves and to our dear and near ones were also understood. The video lectures were truly inspiring.  The lecturers  are highly appreciated. A Big Thanks to the University of Sydney and Coursera for giving me this amazing opportunity to learn this course.
I congratulate Dr. Kumar for exposing us to this  course “ Positive Psychiatry and Mental Health”.  I enjoyed every bit of it and in particular, various videos by renowned professors who narrated each subject in a very concise form. I will mention about Tin story; after watching her videos, I am sure, lots of people must have felt better. I am vert happy for her and hope every going through rough time must be that courageous and optimistic. GOD BLESS.
Excellent course. Worth every minute of the time spent! I enjoyed all the lectures and read through all the recommended resources. I couldn't get enough. I have learned a lot about Positive Mental Health and Positive Psychology and the very practical approach to assignments gave me confidence as well. Having consumers educate us was priceless. Grateful to them for sharing their lives with us.Highly recommended for anyone who cares about Mental Health.
Throughout this course on positive psychiatry, I have been able to dive deep into the complexities involved in mental health and the different pathways available for effective recovery. The videos are most informative and have enabled me to understand better the mental health scene in the Australian context. On top, I highly recommend this course to anybody ready to explore deeper into layers of mental health recovery and well-being.
one of the best courses I have ever participated in! very helpful  and informative I gained a lot of new knowledge and learned a lot of things about what contributes to mental health and knew that there is a lot of rumours surrounded psychotherapy and medications  and rather you studied psychology or no this course is for you and for everyone out there who is willing to promote his health or the people around him health and wellbeing
I am glad I actually took this course because not only I learned more in depth about good mental health and positive psychiatry, I was able to interact with students online with their discussion posts about week's we have learned and discuss our opinions about any subject we thought was needed to be focused on. However, the professor's videos, articles, and other resources were very helpful to understand the course.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. The lectures are informative and
the instructors are not only knowledgeable, but also nice to listen to; they
sound empathic and non-judgmental. Additionally, the inclusion of Tina’s
journey told by herself is, at the same time, enlightening, moving and
motivating. Highly recommend this course to anyone interested in educating
themselves and becoming better, more empathic people.
This course is interesting and has great importance as it offers a well structured understanding of mechanisms of mental distress and techniques that lead to recovery. The lectures are read by different specialists from all fields. This is excellent. It promotes the idea that a recovery and positive outcome is possible and provides examples advocating this idea. The positive approach is extremely important.
This course improved my knowledge of how the mind and body interact.  The link between mental and physical health in much stronger than I believed before taking this course.  the knowledge that I have gained will help me be and better care giver to the person I support with a mental illness.  The course had given me more hope for people with mental illness to recover and live and procudive full life.
I really enjoyed studying Positive Psychiatry and Mental Health. I'd be happy to recommend the course to anyone interested in a career or interest in mental health. The course would benefit friends, family and patients with a primary focus in understanding how to cope with the challenges of Psychiatric mental health impacts in their daily lives while earning a University level certificate. Tahnea.
I am into the profession of therapy and healing and this course equipped me with the necessary knowledge and also provided me with a lot of additional inputs, techniques and tools that would come in handy as they are resourceful and applicable in the practical setting. I would like to thank and appreciate Dr. Sonia Kumar and all the teachers for putting such a fantastic course together.
Thank you so much, I enjoyed the course and I found it helpful. I would suggest adding a session about older adults' mental health and wellbeing. In the last session of Prof. Ian Hickie AM, he spoke about late-life problems cognitive decline and dementia and how this can be preventive by early intervention. Actually more information is needed about this particular topic.
It fuses insights from positive psychology for a strengths based approach into recovery including work, family life, spirituality, exercise, creativity and other pursuits. Very engaging videos. Very useful and new approach in Psychiatry where patients are viewed as collaborators. Recommended if you are facing or know someone facing mental health issues
I found that the course on Positive Psychiatry is well structured! Video lectures are easy to follow, clearly presented and the quality of the content has met my expectations by far. This was my first encounter with the topic, and after course completion I feel motivated to investigate more about strategies that have been here overviewed. Excellent!
Awesome course! There is no only lectures: meetings with interesting persons, a lot of readings, videos,  modern subjects, even 'mental healt' it is for us. Very useful in our everyday life. For me it is also good practice to my English skills especially in Psychiatry. I totally recommend this course! Really appreciate to the University of Sydney
Very informative and fact based lectures. I learnt a lot about psychiatry and concepts related to it. As a Clinical Psychology and Counselling students, I can proudly say that this course will definitely benefit me in application/taking sessions and starting my own personal centre. Thank you all the team members and The University of Sydney.
Through this course I have learned to think positively and now I am in a much stable mental state. I feel confident again and I want others to feel the same. For that I will share all my learning with those around me. I can't thank all the instructions enough! Because of this course I've found hope that I will achieve better things in life.
By far, one of the best courses you can found in this plataform. Specify the positive mental health promotion, the main and most common mental disorders, how the consumer communities are, and there is a entire module/week dedicated to improve your physical health in order to improve you mental health. It is a necessary course for everyone.
Very engaging and informative course in which I learnt various self-help techniques to contribute towards wellbeing and good mental health ie exercising, good nutrition etc.  I also learnt much about the different types of mental health conditions and how they can be treated in a clinical setting.  I would definitely recommend this course.
I really liked this course as it provided clear and concise information about mental health. Personally, the content in this course has helped me to look at the issues in my life with clarity and look for positive outcomes. A big thank you to all the contributors who made this course and Coursera to make this course available to us all.
This is by far the best course I have taken here. You can see the hardwork and efforts put into making it available here. Comprehensive, informative and so helpful if you're a student of psychology like me. The instructors are knowledgeable, lectures are interesting and the peer reviewed assignments are engaging and thought provoking.
This is a great course for anyone to take. Everyone will be in contact with a family member, coworker, or friend that have delt with or are dealing with mental health issues. This is a great course to gain some understanding of how to be a good support and how to lead them in the right direction to positive recovery. Awareness is Key!
The course is very good as an introductory course with diversified topics and multiple speakers. The reading are too basic but helpful. I would be more engaged with More complex challenging readings. I especially enjoyed the perspective that treats mental distress as a multidimensional problem instead of a Disintegrated limited view
It is absolutely an excellent course. the course content takes us through all the concept and treatments of positive mental health. The lectures of each module is taught with the experts of  specific domain is an added positive side of it. i would strongly recommend this course to anyone who is keen to learn on positive metal health
I loved how easy it was to find the information needed to complete the assesments. I enjoyed the fact that it was a self-directed course and that I could work at my own pace. I thoroughly enjoyed the course content and the way the video lectures were presented. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in this topic!
great variety of resources to appeal to learners - perhaps a little more gamification?I feel a little more prepared to support the people I care for, work with and myself in the area and to see positive psychiatry as being the aid to support metal wellbeing.Thank you - I have enjoyed this course and would recommend it to others
I absolutely loved this course. The videos and reading material were very imformative and interesting . This course educated me on the importance mental health has on the physical, emotional and mental state . I am very thankful for the opportunity to complete this course and I would encourage any and everyone to enroll.
I learned a lot from this course especially about the useful techniques we can incorporate in our lives to improve our mental health. It made me more confident in my ability to take care of my mental health and that of others. It helped me realize that mental illness isn't something we should be afraid of or stigmatize.
The course provides a very accessible introduction to mental health, covering topics such as general well-being and mental disorders (symptoms and treatment).  Overall, I think the course is reasonably well anchored in psychiatry research (the claims seem based on solid research)  and the instructors were engaging.
Fantastic course, consistent engagement between the instructor and the learner, video lengths to the point, pop up quiz and assessments were very constructive for the learner. Highly recommend this course to those who are interested in knowing more about Mental heath Thank you Coursera and The University Of SYDNEY
A great course.Gave me a whole new outlook for a person with mental distress.I feel much more confident and competent about helping my clients Recover towards a Happy and meaningful and productive life.Thank you Courses, Thank you University of Sydney for giving us such an easy access to such a wonderful course!
I started this course out of interest and as an adjunct to my work as a mediator. I quickly realised I was learning about matters society should know and understand. The course was easy to follow and to understand. I sincerely recommend this course to all seeking a better understanding of the society we live in.
The information was condensed and very useful for anyone in a social line of work (like teaching). I feel better equipped to give students small steps to managing their stress, anxiety, or to learn when turn to mental health professionals.  I also feel a sense of mental self awareness... which is encouraging.
I am so glad to complete this course.I strongly thank my College teachers and Team Coursera to help me to complete this course.My college is EMEA COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCE at kerala,India.So I completed this course successfully and thank you to the mentors for changing my daily routine in to best one!
An excellent class that would benefit anyone!I learned how a wide variety of activities, social connections, and a positive attitude can help not only an average person, but also how those dealing with a number of different mental issues.Thanks University of Sydney and Coursera for offering this class!
Some transformative information on the benefits of positive psychology.  This course has helped reframe my views on diagnosis & helped me see how positive psychology can help those with mental illness to  live a much more productive life. I enjoyed the lectures and even the assignments. Thank you!
I truly enjoyed learning from this course. It was both a refresher and a fresh new chapter of knowledge that I can use in my work and even in my personal life.I am very grateful to have the opportunity to learn from Australian experts who gave me a new and deeper perspective about Psychology.
As a mental Health Occupational Theapist i found this course fascinating to further my knowledge and education, along with consolidate and confirm my current practise. There was also an excellent array of external readings that helps broaden your knowledge of online resources. Thanks Uni Syd.
I am happy to have taken the course, I have learned and have fun doing it, at my own pace and the teachers are very clear in their explanations, it has been a pleasure to do it, I am already thinking of signing for the next course, thanks for sharing the knowledge and available to everyone.
Very helpful introduction, covering basic concept of attachment very interesting along with the other modules, a great stepping stone to other courses in the field of psychology, but I prefered to start with the positive before the focusing on 'dysfunction' and diagnosis. Highly recommend.
The course was well presented and I learned a lot about what I can do for my own health. I would recommend it for people of thinking of going into the care business but also for people with mental health problems for coping strategies and for just seeing the world in a different light
A very engaging, easily understandable, and meaningful course which introduced me to the concepts of positive psychiatry. Just the right balance between both theoretical and practical information. Highly recommended for those who believe in the "prevention" approach in mental health.
Thank you for this beautiful course which have helped me to see more of my opportunities and less of my shortcomings. This course have taught me the best lesson "anybody can recover from any mental problems if there is support from family and if given proper health care by experts".
Really great course! Great course material and presentation; I completed it for my personal journey and there is a bunch of information and practical resources. I'm sure it would assist people who want to work in the field with the broad amount of practical and theoretical content.
This is the first and the best course I took.  The load is just right.  It is very applicable.  It has helped myself, my family and my circle of community.  Hoping that more and more people will benefit from this course.  Two thumbs up for Ms Sonia Kumar for organising this course.
I really love this course, it was a wonderful experience no just in the professional experience, besides in the personal level. It was an excellent tool to remember most important things that I learnt through the course of my bachelor degree in Social Psychology 10 years ago.
Thank you very much for your course. i am very happy to learn this course. it very easy and very informative. i enjoyed and learn a lot of this about mental health and mental illness. while learning time passes just flew like minutes. i once again deliver my thanks to you.
Mandatory Course for Every one ..each one class relating our life in difficult situation how we over come . all the entire Module No boring .very interesting what  they tell and applied who suffer this type of illnessMy view this course is ..Who can grow Mentally they need
A very helpful course that can be applied to all areas of your life. The information was well-balanced with professionals as well as people's lived experiences. The questionnaires, self-assessment tools and reflection papers proved to be very interesting and insightful.
I think this course represents a magnificent opportunity to keep updated about psychiatric and psychology last researches and tendencies. It`s structured and organized by weeks and assessments, so it`s easy to complete. Definitely a great opportunity to keep learning!
Great course. Very insightful and would be helpful to any person; in any profession and at any stage in their life. It helped me better understand myself and other people within my social and professional community. I'm very grateful I signed up for this course
Since we all are human being we can not live alone by ourselves. We have to deal with different kind of persons with different kind of personalities. In my perspective this is one of better courses to follow to everyone who would like to explore new things.
I have no background at all when it comes to mental topics. This course enlightened me a loot about things i didn't know. I have a cousin who is mentally ill and now, I know better how to approach her because of Coursera. And for that, you have my thanks.
I loved this course and I learned so much! This course helped me develop some better habits and I plan on incorpating much of what I have learned into my daily life. I love studying psychology and this course helped further my knowledge in this field.
Excellent all round immersion into psychiatry and mental health.  This has reaffirmed my committment to transitioning from my current career into mental health in a social context.  The most rewarding 4 weeks of a very strange 2020 by a long way!
This course was filled with a variety of interesting and beneficial information. It covers the basics and includes specifics as well! The reflection assignments were a great way to share and receive feedback while also learning! Highly recommend!
I think this course is very helpful for people to learn more about mental illness and how to deal with them in positive ways. This course does not only elaborate the ways, but also explain the building blocks of positive psychiatry. Thank you :)
It is a challenging course with lots of material for further study, the assignments are not easy if you want to do them properly. the course gives you a lot of knowledge covering every aspect of mental health. very complete course. thank you :)
Exceptionally designed course with instructional videos that are both rich and comprehensive, covering all the relevant areas of positive psychology, psychiatry, mental health; and how to support those suffering from mental health challenges.
It's been great how such a broad topic was broken down into these different topics. The progression on how to help yourself to identifying the different illnesses to help others as well was a  good flow. Kudos to the people behind this one!
Wonderful information for myself a parent of three teenagers, two of whom stuggling with Mental Health conditions. I came away with a very positive outlook for having learnt some very helpful information. Thank you to all the instructors.
i loved this course, basically i'm doing my Masters in Social Worker and like to special in psychiatry and mental health and this course helped me to know more about. mental health and to know more about positive psychiatry.. thank you...
i had a great time participating in this course and it has allowed me to gain a lot of insight about my daily routine. as a result, i have made significant changes in order to lead a more positive lifestyle and work more on my well-being.
This course was very informational and I learned a lot.  It helped me understand friends who are dealing with mental illness and, even though, my mental health is strong, this course gave me tools to help when I feel stressed or anxious.
Well structured course, great to see Tina sharing her story as a person who has been through mental illness. Highly recommended for everyone.  Other Professors were equally nice, Please keep on spreading awareness around mental health.
An excellent collection of videos and reading recommendations from experts at the University of Sydney, and from a few people  who have been diagnosed with mental illness, who talk about their personal experiences of  their diagnoses.
I really enjoy this course, was very clear and well organized. The lectures were interesting not boring at all and I really like the part of Tina’s story and the interview with the wise Aboriginal man.Thanks a lot. ¡Muchas gracias!
Excellent, Amazing learning Experience. The Course covers most of the topic and is well structured. The assignments evoke thinking in students . Gained lot more knowledge around the world of Mental health and Positive Psychiatry.
In this course, I explore completely different
aspects of excellent psychological state additionally as offer a summary of the
main types of mental disorders, their causes, treatments, and the way to hunt
facilitate and support
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I have learnt so much on modern approaches to treating and supporting people with mental health issues. It has been a real eye opener. Also I found the course very organized and professional.
I'm really grateful to the University of Sydney for making this amazing course. It changed my attitude towards anxiety and I acquired new healthy habits. Thanks to all professors who participated in the making of the course!
I found this class very informative. Very helpful in my professional and personal environments. I feel some of the assignments were a little heavily graded. However, it just made me work harder. I would recommend this class.
The course is supported by clear and well done videos.  All the teachers in the videos are very professional and experts in their field. The theory I was taught is very useful and it added value to my personal development.
Excellent knowledge and content, opened up a whole new way of learning and experience for me to be pursued.Following my passion of fitness personal training now I am excited to learn more about mental health and wellness !
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, it was well presented, accessible and engaging.  I feel better equipped to understand and help manage a more positive work and living environment for myself, my family and my colleagues.
I personally found this course very rich and up to date; I totally recommend it as it offers new ways to deal with mental health and wellbeing and has opened my eyes to fields I would love to explore more as a physician.
Great course that gives you a good general foundation on common and less common mental illnesses. The course teaches treatment and medication options as well as self-care techniques to deal with daily stress factors.
I am completely satisfied with the course - its scope, topics,lectures, experts. A lot of additional material and sources are available for those who study the Course. Thanks to the University of Sydney and Coursera.
Brilliant eye opener to bring awareness and knowledge about how susceptible anyone can be to Mental Health issues, and the importance + need of Positive psychiatry and Wellbeing in the path of Mental health recovery
This has been a highly informative course that afforded me valued insight and experience that will benefit me in future growth within my practice. Thank you for your professionalism and integrity. Kind regards Pete
This course is super amazing! They helped me to understand more about mental health and giving me the new perspective --the positive one. I would definitely using this information throughout my life. Thank you!
Wonderful course with excellent modules compiled meaningfully to reach positive mental health for the learners.Essential readings are excellent to gain more understanding regarding psychiatry and mental health.
One of the best online courses i have ever taken, comprehensive and detailed. It was incredible to learn from experts, academicians, doctors, clinicians, care givers and a wide array of experts. Thank you !
Had a very good learning experience.the video lectures and  other study materials were very helful for me. had wonderful time in learning which helped me to improve my knowledge in my profession. thank you.
This course was wonderful! I learned so much and really believe I can apply some of this to my life and my daughter's. She's been struggling with Depression and I feel like I have some tools to help her.
It is an excellent course for those who want to learn about the less discussed aspects of mental health. The content is lucid and all aspects of maintaining a proper mental health are well taken care of.
With this course i got positive response from my negative thoughts. It is very helpful in improving ones mental health. Videos and and lectures are well knit . It was very wonderful experience for me .
Absolutely spot on with all the subjects and materials. There are plenty of great sources and reading  materials and it is just such a beautiful subject to learn no matter the work domain you're in.
Good concepts, brilliantly explained, very extensive and insightful videos and reading material. You will take back with you all the necessary teachings around positive psychiatry from this course.
Thankyou beloved Professors who had provided great information.I have learned much about person having mental illness and also learned how to give them a hand to take back into their normal lives.
I found this course very interesting and complete. I was be able to learn many ways of care my mental and physical life. Now, I have a new way of seeing people who suffer from mental illness.
I thoroughly enjoyed learning about mental health and about ways to recover from it. I got to learn new things! The instructors were really very good at their job! I'm glad I completed this!
This course is so impactfull, i like to say a big thank you Coursera for this amazing content. I have gained some very good knowledge that I will carry with me in life by taking this course.
This course helped me determine the direction of my professional development. I am very grateful to its creators and all participants for the information provided. It is very useful. Thanks!
Very easy to understand course and materials very good prepared.This course helped me to understand how recovery and treat from many psychological disorders and help others to be wellbeing
It´s a very complete MOOC that includes a variety of interesting topics relating Psychology and Mental Health, highly recommended if trying to achieve wellbeing or improve your lifestyle.
I really enjoying tha course. And Interesting course,i haven't given mental health though over tha year,but after this course i learn lot of information and knowledge .thak you so much.
it's a good course which helps u get knowledge of mental health and how to improve it and how to recover mental illness  if one has and how to treat the fellow who has a mental illness
This is brief but detailed course on positive psychiatry. I learned the importance of  mental health and how to keep it better by adopting simple yet healthy lifestyle and habits.
I never thought of being so much nice to present a helpful and supportive content about the most delicate topic mental health. That was nice to learn throughout whole the course.
Very helpful and easy to understand! I loved this course, it was very eye opening about the many tips and ways i can help others to recover from any trauma or anxiety disorders
Useful, enhancing and informative. It has had a positive impact on my life and has helped me to know how to support my loved ones with their mental issues. Totally recommended.
Interesting, structured and organized. Provides many resources to strengthen our mental health. Today the course has much more value because of the situation we are living in.
An incredible course, I really liked it. It explains in a easy way the basic components of wellbeing and mental health, it helped me a lot during a difficult part in my life.
it was an wonderful experience learning the course and i really enjoyed learning ..and .acquired vast amount of knowledge in psychiatry and thankyou for updating my brain.
This course is very helpful to me to understand and help my employees. Way of identifying and then treating them will really help me to be a better person and a better HR.
Great Course, with lots of valuable information, speakers, resources. I absolutely enjoyed learning with them. Thank you for making it available in free version as well.
This course is purposeful, nicely structured and helpful. I have learnt many new aspects of mental health. The lectures are very engaging and the resources are helpful.
It's a very useful course that give people the oportunity to learn about mental health and techniques that can be useful to aply on your personal life or to help others
very interesting and rich course.. a lot of supplementary readings and materials.special gratitude to Dr. Sonia KUMAR for her kindness and presence to help learners!
The course was really helpful to understand Human nature and struggles that people face around us. Also very clearly explained how can we support people around us.
Exceptional source of information, extraordinary professors.  I enjoyed and learnt so much.  Thank you, University of Sydney and Coursera, for an excellent course.
This is an excellent course with its materials and instructor. I liked it so much and learnt a lot which i will utilize both in my personal and professional life.
Very good lecturers and I enjoyed the incorporation of the Aboriginal insights and ideas for wellbeing as well as Tina's personal story throughout the course.
It deepens my knowledge regarding different aspects of mental disorders and hoe to treat them effectively with lifestyle changes, medications and counselling.
Thank you so much for this very inspirational course! I learnt so many and various aspects of psychiatry and psychology promoting well being via so many ways!
I really enjoyed learning about positive psychiatry and mental illnesses. Moreover, this course gave me insights on how to help myself and others. Thank you.
Every topic was covered as much as possible and given with examples. It increases my sense of knowledge and relatability about various mental health issues.
A Very complete course! I really enjoyed it. There are a lot of useful ressources and tools in there. I will add these new abilities to my coaching sessions
I couldn’t imagine how nice the course is! It brings me lot.  I have learnt a lot about psychiatry, mental illness and recovery process. I am very pleased.
Thank you for a wonderful course! it's help me to understand more about mental health and very useful for everyone especially Mental health at workplace.
This course was well laid out and easy to follow. If an individual is diligent, it can be completed in a week or less. Best $70 I've spent in a while.
This is a very interesting subject to learn. Nothing can be more interesting than learning about human behaviors. Thank you for this wonderful course.
Very well informative course that open your path of learning about mental health and wellness. I thank all of  instructors for their time and effort.
A challenging course, teaching and contributing to personal mental health. Knowledge is a power and thank you for this power that you share with me.
has a lot of information that is easy to understand, having to deal with mental health myself this brings new light to what 'MENTAL HEALTH" acutal
Positive Psychiatry and Mental Health course was truly inspirational and informational. Thank to my instructor and staff, you did an awesome job!
This has been a good experience. I got to learn about mental illness and disorders and how positive mental health can help people become better.
Thank you! I loved taking this course. I learned a lot and hope to use the knowledge learned in my daily routine and will share it with others.
I am very glad to tell you that in this stressful world I have got a glimpse of how to deal with depression and other mental illness. Thank you
It's a verygood and informative course that not only provides an understanding of others but also understanding of self as well as flourishing
This course is one of the most enjoyable and enjoyable that I have studied. I enjoyed it so much that I will see it again on a good occasion.
This course is really beneficial. I learned so many things which will be required in my daily routine. Thank you so much to all instructors.
Very useful and informative information, well prepared and concise videos, good link to further learning options (books, papers, resources)
Easy to follow and very informative course. It has presented new perspectives and I gained insights about myself and the people around me.
The course was very content-rich and enlightening, the resources were also extremely helpful in anchoring the concepts. Thank you so much!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and I learned many new things. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in the subject.
This has been a great introduction to Positive Psychology and Psychiatry, and has left me curious to learn more in this area.  Thank you!
Very enriching experience and a very well structured course, encompassing all possible components that are integral to mental wellbeing.
This course is great, easy access and great information delivered in a perfect way that made it interesting to learn. Thank you so much.
An amazing experience with this course. Many things to learn.  Heartily thanks Coursera team and Sonia Kumar ma'am.. Thank you so much.
It was an amazing 5-week course which could help everyone in their everyday life. Thanks a million for providing such a helpful course!
Exceptional and useful course!. Congratulations and Thanks to The University of Sydney for offering online courses with that quality.
Course is beautifully designed containing syllabus of all the aspects of mental health and the measures can be taken to deal with it.
Fantastic course! Very interesting, useful and informative. Thank you, Coursera, for such a great opportunity to learn something new!
Great course,materials,instructors and great effort.i would like to thank everyone how contributed to this great work,thank you all !
very knowledgeable instructors.. In depth information on the course.. Versions from depression survivors an eye opener.. Great course
As i was in the way of anxiety trigger, glad i choose this course helped me to understand fully a person struggle during hard times.
What a nice opportunity that we getting free learn is something big to me thank you now will be able to apply all what I've learn .
Excellent, excellent course. Loved the variety of lectures, peer graded assignments, readings, and personal experience interviews.
I am so glad after complete this course.very informative and intresting.l ill definitely do more courses in future.thanks coursera
for the assignments, instructions where a littleconfusing. Overall, i liked the course and topics, very interesting ans didactive
This course style of giving reading material and video lecture is very helpful to me and very effective  in gaining my knowledge.
i have enjoyed alot pursuing this course . I have learnt alot from this course. It also gave me a perspective of my future goals!
This course helped me to learn more about mental health and its importance in every perspect. I really enjoyed doing this cpurce
This was a great learning experience. all the study material, AV aids were all simple to understand and convey the aspects well.
It was a very interesting course with lots of news things to learn. The structure and presentation of the course was excellent.
I loved how informative this course was. The professors were also very good the reading material was really helpful. Thank you!
Truly one of the best course in Positive Psychiatry available....and great efforts by the University of Sydney....and teachers.
The course was wonderful and valuable. All the instructors did a commendable job. Thanks to Coursera and University of Sydney.
I started to do this course during the lockdown. These video lectures and readings are really interesting. I loved the course.
This course is awesome and give some picture to start my life without stress. It gives hope to cope with my all mental illness
Fantastic course! You will learn things that are very important for daily life but are rarely taught, with scientific backing!
This was an amazing course as I understood the concepts well. They seemed very interesting and it completely changed my mind.
A very comprehensive course that gives a well rounded perspective about understanding and developing positive mental health.
I loved it, I found it really useful for learning how to correctly manage mental health for me and the people I care about.
Excellent course--I recommend this to people working in the mental health field and those receiving mental health services.
This course was very helpful for me to learn . The information was clear and easy to follow . I really enjoyed this course.
The best course I have ever done in Coursera; however, there's room for improvement regarding the peer evaluation section.
new concepts were easily taught shared experiences were also easily understood readings were explanatory and quite helpful
This course was very enlightening. I know a lot more about mental health than I did before. Thank you to the coordinators.
Incredible quality. Such great expert contributors, well organised and well researched. Couldn't recommend it more highly.
I enjoyed this class very much. I have already begun to incorporate some of the techniques into my own day to day activit
Thanks a Lot !! Its a very beneficial course. The Teaching was awesome and the learning was easy and lucid to understand.
The information was very useful at this time of life and I have leant so much from the professors who taught this course.
it was useful about learning this course which we want to know the fact that we face in our daily life and its recovery.
This is one of the best mental health related online course. Highly recommended for everyone who is into mental health.
Thanks for everything learned, we can only apply it in our lives to find emotional stability and positive mental health
i think everyone should learn this course even though you didnt work in this field. it can help your mental health.
Teachers and Lectures are so awesome, it helps to improve and think the mental health from a different perspective.
It is an amazing course that gives many insights into everyday life. This will surely help you lead a better life.
Very well presented and structured. Enjoyable, easy and learning focused assessmentsVery useful for my job.Thanks
It was wonderful experience for me. I got so much knowledge and insights! Thank you very much for this course!!!
Thank you very much!!! Really beautiful! I am a psychologist and I want to specialize in art therapy!All LOVE!!!
Very informative course! Would definitely recommend to those who are interested in mental health and psychiatry.
All the video lectures were very awesome. The assessment methods and MCQs in between lectures were highlights.
Awesome Course those who are passionate to learn about positive psychology and importance of mental health!!!
I enjoyed this course immensely. I can use this information for family members who have mental health issues.
Very Knowledgeable course. I never felt bored, the course just gets interesting as it proceeds every second.
Extremely thorough and knowledgeable material, professors and great concepts! Loved this course so much...
Very Interesting course!! The layout Is easy to follow and the assignments are relevant. Would recommend!!
It was an amazing and enhacing experience all together for me. Thank you for such an informative course.
I very much enjoyed this course and found it beneficial both personally and professionally. Thank you!
it is a good course, but too much is unhealthy - we have generalization  and everyone is different :-)
Had a great time taking this course. I learned a lot and it was interactive. Thank you Dr. Sonia Kumar
Very very interesting and useful for us to know how to care positively for people with mental illness
It was a very nice course. The topics were so interesting and well organized. I loved the surveys.
I found this course to be engaging, productive and infomative. The content and delivery are great.
Very well presented, organised, the videos are really helpful and informative, I learned so much!
V helpful for understanding the mental health issues and how to treat them in a holistic approach
I have learnt so many things about mental health. Interesting, Informative and insightful course.
I liked this course very much.I learned something new.I learned to live the life in a better way.
I personally found the course easily accessible, great content that has helped me in my career.
I've learned alott through this course it has enhanced my knowledge much more about psychiatry.
Amazing course - topics were relevant, easy to understand, and presented in a favorable manner.
it was amazing. i not only got to learn new things but also have become a very positive person
This course has been very helpful and informative , the reading materials were very amazing !
Very helpful course for giving me insights on how to understand people with mental illnesses.
I highly recommend this course. Concise, to the point, and a great aid for personal recovery
Extremely helpfulhas helped me reduce anxiety during this covid-19 lockdownthank you so much
I learned how to overcome stress, depression, other mental illness. The plan of happy life.
I learn a lot and understand something that I don't know or maybe I don't understand well.
This was a great course. The readings and reference provided made it easier to understand.
Learned about many resources and areas of life that impact having positive mental health.
Not just theory. Very personal and practical. Life changing. This course was surprising.
Excellent course, I learn so much mental health concept due to this course. Thank you :)
Very interesting.  I didn't think I would enjoy psychiatry as much as I did.  Thank you!
I got what I came for - what I came for was an introduction to mental health. Thank you.
It is an amazing course, you get to learn, enriched your self and enjoy the experience!
Very helpful and enjoyable course. It was comprehensive enough for the given time span.
This course was really helpful for me to develop skills to acquire better mental health
Thank You all for all your hard work putting this all together! God bless all of you!!!
Excellent course! Well planned and presented with clear, concise and relevant concepts.
Such a wonderful experience that has change the view I see the life in a positive way!
It’s the best course I’ve had in my life . I so interesting with all lectures. Thanks
it is honestly one of the most interesting and knowledgeable courses about psychology
I've learned the positive contributions of positive psychiatry to our lives. Thanks.
IT WAS A GREAT EXPERIENCE. HIghly recommended!! THANKYOU EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU :)
Very interesting material. Was very useful to me in understanding my own conditions.
A Very good insight to the subject and one of the best presentations of the subject
great start for anyone wanting to learn about mental illnesses from the very roots.
It is helpful and gives very good resources that can help you in your own recovery
Awesome course and I've learned a lot about positive mental health and psychiatry.
One of the best courses on mental health.! Definitely recommend it to everybody.
Learned a lot of new skills and knowledge that I can apply in the working field!
I found this course interesting and learned a lot of this subject. Thank you. ;)
Great MOOC to start learning about the field of mental health. Great experience
All in all a very good course giving a good overview about positive Psychiatry.
Great course, wonderful content and lovely teachers. Enjoyed every bit of it.
Very good course. They combine evidence and practices from different fields.
A very useful course for a more thriving mental health. Highly recommended.
Exceptionally top grade course on mental health.. I recommend it for all.
This Course have given me How to live life Peaceful and tackle Hard time.
That course is really good for people who is searching for this knowledge
It was a wonderful experience to learn about this course. I learnt a lot.
Thank you all giving us knowledge .Its beautiful & knowledgeable subject
Excellent! Very well organized, good material, presentation and content.
It was an eye opener for me to understand others and as well as myself.
I love this course because I can learn many things about mental health.
This was an amazing coarse that offered great integration of knowledge
Amazing!this course gave me motivation to a well being plan to myself.
Huge amount of resources, good lectures, great discovery!Recommended!
I learned a lot about  positive mental health and how to maintain it
very good course will help  students, faculty and business persons.
Very educational course. Thoroughly enjoyed! I recommend to anyone.
I loved the course. Excellent for beginners. Keep many more coming.
It is well designed and it really helpful for me to grap knowledge
comprehensive programme for an introduction to positive psychiatry
This course is very helpful and has a positive impact in my life.
Excellent Course! Lots of pertinent information for today's world
This has been a wonderful experience and a great course to take.
This is great course regarding psychiatry and cognitive health.
Thank you very much I feel that my mental health is manageable.
Recommended, i like the teaching method and easy to understand
thoroughly enjoyed the course!Thank you University of Sydney!
Very useful course! I learnt a lot of positive mental health!
Had a beneficial impact on my mental health! Would do again!
Greatcourse, really interesting and great coverage of topics
love the way of presenting the course and mentors lecturing
This a great course, the updated information is excellent.
Great Material and Reading Material, great support. Thanks
Great course - wonderful instructors - enjoyed very much.
Enjoylable and pretty complete info, it helps me so much.
This course has built my resilience. Thank you so much.
It was a delightful experience and I got to learn a lot
Fascinating course, really well structured and taught.
Loved it and very very useful. Will recommend to all!
Is it safe to purchase certificate from online source
Great informative lectures with lots of great stories
please send me my certificate thank you 🙏  so  much
learnt a very positive thing to deal with life style
Excellent course i learned many things about myself
This course helped me understand my self and others
Thank you with all of my heart for this opportunity
Great course...well-designed and very informative.
THIS IS ONE OF THE FINEST COURSES I HAVE PURSUED.
Great training, with great educators, thank you!
Fabulous Course, very helpful for self learning.
very helpful course especially for the teenagers
Very good. Learnt some new eye-opening material.
Amazing course!!! I've learned so much from it!
Nice course and very relevant in mental health
Amazing  course. I have learned amazing things
Great! Informative and inspiring. Thank you :)
THIS COURSE IS ONE OF THE BEST WELL PREPARE.
Most informative and hopeful...thank you! :)
Very good course. Good research methodology
It was a very good and interesting course.
Very interesting. Learnt a lot. Thank you.
Grat course.Dr Sonia Kumar is a good tutor
I enjoyed the videos and material shared.
I enjoyed this course, i highly recommend
Amazing course! The best one! I love it.
Very informative, easy to follow course.
It was very interesting and eye-opening
Lot's of really great info and insight.
excellent content. very easy to follow
course is so informative and helpful.
Good and informative course .loved it
Absolutely fantastic very insightful
i learnt so much to recall thank you
Loved this course and learned a lot!
Very informative, love the readings.
Very informative and great learning
Great! I love it and learned a lot!
A very informative course.Ana R. P.
It gave me a new perception of life
Incredibly interesting and relevant
Thank you so much for this course.
really fun and highly recommended
Concise but very informative :)
Wonderful learning experience..
Now I'm closer to my dream job!
highly recommend this course it
Good course.I feel very happy
It was such an amazing course
I LEARN A LOT....THANK YOU
This course is phenomenal.
a very interesting course
Really good and helpful!
brilliant and helpful !
A very helpful course.
Exciting piece of work
I love it thank u <3
This one is awesome.
nice course offered
very much organized
very helping course
Just what I needed
Very Good Subject.
Thank you so much!
Amazing course ❤️
that's wonderful
enjoyed learning
Quite insightful
