I was led to believe that I would be learning the fundamentals of graphic design, which to me means learning how to use Photoshop, InDesign, etc. This is more about learning how to create art in general, not exactly what I'm looking for.
I would not recommend this one to any paying customer. This is the second intro to Graphic Design class I have take on Coursera, and I found the way the material was presented in the CalArts course to be quite slow and pretty boring. Our assignments were simple and I felt no excitement in doing them. It would have been beneficial to see how these fundamental building blocks could be used in real life design. The other class (by CU-Boulder) made me want to continue learning ,and I felt excited to complete the projects whereas with this class I was forcing myself to sit down to finish just the required ones.
i hate to say it, but this course is really really bad ... not practical at all. i'm not sure where this is all going. maybe by the fourth course in the series, 100 hours later of lectures, you  might have something practical but this approach feels wrong. i'm sorry, it's a reputable school and who the hell am I, but one man's opinion: rethink how you go about introducing the newbie to graphic design as it's applicable to the real world.
absolutely zero feedback and critique from experienced, professional graphic designer(s). an unreal number of "students" submitting files for assignments that are not even remotely close to what the course teaches.
pretty much useless.I have a whole degree in animation and I'm confident to say I have some solid art background. I do some graphic design freelancing but I never had any proper graphic design training so I wanted to learn properly and get a certificate. now I got the certificate but I didn't learn a thing from this. would want my money back but it seems to be not possible. the teacher's voice alone is so boring and makes me want to sleep when I listen to him.  there are only 2 mandatory assignments and they are so easy and pointless. don't want to come across rude but this is a waste of time and money. have an art background or not, avoid this course. ( i imagine people who are new to design and art would still finish this and didn't get much art and design education from it)
This course has nothing to do with graphic design. It mentions that you'll have a wonderful portfolio after the course but every assignment I completed was not worth putting into a portfolio. This deals more with the ABSOLUTE basics and fundamentals of art, not graphic design. It felt like this class was what you learn the first day of an art class. You won't use illustrator or anything so no need to purchase it.
Just plain boring. In every 10 min video, only 1 min was useful information. Also, I wanted to learn graphic design, not crafting, am no Martha Stewart.
I honestly did not learn much (almost nothing). And it was little bit boring to watch. I got disappointed.
Not what I expected at all. Coursera will not refund. Not good at all. $50 down the drain :/
Don't take this course!
Not what I expected
Too Slow
This is a very basic course, not at all college level.
The course itself was very good. I studied for many more hours than the recommended times and I learned a lot. I read books about Bauhaus, color, and typography. I watched a film about Bauhaus and did an online course by Pantone about color perception. The thing that lets the course down is the peer reviews, which are mostly useless. I've tried hard to write thoughtful reviews and I've done more than the minimum number for every assignment. In return I've received reviews like "ok" and "good". These people are just taking the mickey and CalArts and Coursera are responsible by neglect. It would be easy to automatically check for a minimum number of words in reviews. I notice that Gail Swanlund gives guidance about how to review in the Imagemaking course, but shouldn't this be in the first course so people know how to review? There ought to be a way to report these non-reviews and the people should be stripped of their course marks.
This course does go over some of the basics of graphic design, but I expected it to be a lot more rigorous. The assignments are incredibly simple, and I think that there should be no optional assignments in the class. The reason I'm taking this class is because I have a hard time motivating myself to learn on my own, so I need something that will really push me. I only spent about an hour a week completing this course, and I believe that you can't learn something by only spending an hour a week on it. Also what's the point of having mentors if they don't engage with you? I know I could have contacted them if I had a question, but I didn't because it was so easy. I wouldn't mind getting feedback from a professional graphic designer though if they're available. Also seeing how many students misinterpret the assignments, it makes me nervous that they are the ones grading mine.
Like some other reviewers said this is more of an art course than graphic design, at least from my perspective. You wont be learning how to use photoshop or anything adobe for that matter. So, for your assignments I recommend using something free, such as Canva, if you don't already pay for adobe. I hope that they upload more courses on adobe and have assignments such as making a business card or a flyer.
"Let's try and draw a very basic, simple apple." I had to stop watching this course there. Sorry, but this is less than "fundamentals". I'm trying a new course on graphic design now...
Super basic stuff.  I think it could be condensed.  Not sure I learned more than a couple concepts, which could have been summarized on 1-2 slides.
Very boring video lectures, especially dry if this is your first exposure to graphic design or design in general. It does not motivate.
This was too basic for me. I think that I joined the wrong course unknowingly. This course might be good for actual beginners.
I joined to learn outstanding experience but ... disappointed
Too simple and boring
It feels a bit too simple, i wish it would've had more information about composition of images and texts in something like poster making. The color part is also very basic, it doesn't even cover other types of color combinations like triads or more complex palettes. The best part is definitely the beginning with its explanations of connotative and denotative images. Regardless, its a good course for people with absolutely no knowledge of graphic design, but intermediate designers who are looking to expand on theory should avoid this course since it will not fulfill your expectations. Also, the peer review system really sucks as most peers will not even write a constructive review, its too automated and there is very little effort being made into the reviews. Would much rather have teachers or at least experts looking over the work.
Overall I think this is a great course and really helpful. However, I had an unpleasant experience on the last week. There is an assignment that asks you to create a single contrast composition of 2 shapes. It says "shapes" and still people are not sure if they can use more count of those shapes. I chose to use 2 shapes, but multiple counts and some people that thought this is not only 2 shapes, but 2 counts as well, chose to grade my work with the lowest rating due to unfulfilled assignment. I think this is Coursera`s fault to begin with. They should word their requirements properly so it does not create confusion. Now, we are left to the good will of a classmate to judge our work and people are not even sure what the assignment asks of us exactly.
The last assignment caused me CONFUSION. I mean, due to the unclear assignment requirements, we cannot review composition for composition's sake. For example, I did use two squares as the assignment asked, but I changed the transparency of them, so they form a new square when overlapping. And people think I used three squares and thus not following the instructions. And many people used a small circle and a large circle putting at the center vertically to form  a scale composition, and you have to give them 3 points because they followed the instructions, but they actually did not do much in terms of composition. Though I got 3.5 scores by two people ( not very bad）, I'm still frustrated, and I hope the assignment requirements could be clearer.
I really enjoyed this course. I learned a lot and there were plenty of opportunities to use my new skills immediately in projects. My only complaint is that I would have liked to get real feedback from an instructor on at least one of the assignments. I understand why the system is peer-graded and that it would be an immense commitment to actually grade the assignments, but maybe it's not the right system for a design course. I felt the class was valuable for dipping my toes into graphic design, but could never replace a real class with an active instructor. For this reason, I don't think I'll be continuing with the specialization as originally planned.
The content of the course is good, but the real problem is the assignments that must be evaluated by others, It disables me a lot now I finished the videos and passed the exam, & submitted my assignments. Now taking my certificate that I will put in my CV depends on reviewing my work, now I can not apply for the job only after If I get the certificate of this course and this thing hurt me a lot.Why have I been late getting the certificate because there are no people registered with me for this course at the same time? Or that no one has evaluated my work?Please find a solution to this problem and keep this in mind.
I FIND THE MATERIAL REALLY GOOD AND EASY TO FOLLOW, THE ASSIGNMENTS ARE VERY HELPFUL TO FULLY UNDERSTAND EACH CHAPTER. I LIKE THAT THERE IS INTERACTION BETWEEN PEERS AND HOW THERE IS FEED BACK FROM EACH OTHER, BUT I DONT LIKE THAT IT IS THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN OPINION, IT DOESNT SEEM TO BE ENOUGH, IF I GET FEEDBACK FROM SOMEONE WHO KNOWS AS LITTLE AS ME OR IS BEGINNING TO EXPLORE GRAPHIC DESIGN, I WOULD HAVE LIKED AN OPINION FROM A PROFESIONAL OR A TEACHER WITH MORE EXPERIENCE. ALSO, AFTER FEEDBACK THERE SHOULD BE A CORRECTION ASSIGNMENT OR A GROWTH OPPORTUNITY TO TAKE THE FEEDBACK AND MAKE YOUR PROJECT BETTER.
For what it was, it was a decent course. For some reason I thought it would be a little more advanced. This was a very basic class. Wording of the last  assignment limited creativity as it was hard to tell if you had to limit your pictures to 2 shapes,(as in one circle and one square), or 2 shapes(as in as many circles as needed and as many triangles as you needed, but don't add any squares). Reviewing these assignments, because they were so basic, made it hard to offer much in the way of constructive criticism.
In general I enjoyed this course and thought the information provided was useful. I liked doing the exercises and they definitely introduced me to some design thinking that I wouldn't have a chance to engage in on a normal basis. The peer feedback, however, was basically useless, and unfortunately the whole class is built around it. A lot of time is required just to prepare submissions and then review others, but what you get in response as reviews for your submissions is rarely constructive.
The course was interesting and the manner of teaching was good for someone beginning into this field.  The assignments were well thought out, but I felt it lacked rigour since they were all reviewed by peers. I wish all the assignments were mandatory and graded by industry experts or teachers. The idea of optional assignments that are peer-reviewed takes a bit of the edge from the course. Overall a good course that helped me think of design and its fundamentals.
The overall setup and information in the course is helpful and builds a foundational knowledge of working with shapes and color. There is not a very strong concept of what makes a pleasing image, and the example images and designs are relatively cheap and childish. This leads to students doing quick, unpolished work. So I'd say there is nothing particularly special about this course, but it does the trick in many ways.
I totally liked the hands-on approach and the nice presentation of the material. On the other hand, I felt a little left alone since there was no didactically planned interaction beyond the peer reviews. Furthermore, a forum for discussion is nice, but it's a little sad if no one can answer course related formal questions, you misinterpret the instructions, and therefore receive a low grade.
This is a very basic course. The assignments are interesting and help make you think about design in new and different ways. The peer review was lacking and the quizzes were kind of silly. That being said, I think this helped me understand that I need to delve deeper into the individual aspects of design to really become a good designer. It is a good place to start for a complete beginner.
I really enjoyed the content and learned a lot but, there were far too many videos that were not functional.  In some the video froze, in some the sound went off, in others there were a problem with bot visual and sound.  It became increasingly hard to follow the ideas as I had no visuals to support the text.
The assignments given were great. However, if you do not know how to use Illustrator do not anticipate specific lessons here. This is more for someone who knows how to use Adobe programs but needs help exercising their creative muscle.  You will work fundamental artistic concepts here. I really enjoyed it.
Very interesting but basic - definitely need to continue with the specialisations afterwards. Recommendations of online software courses / tools to learn from would be useful as some people (myself included) may not have the skills to progress onto the specialisations without this knowledge. Overall happy!
Good instruction with projects that can inspire new creativity. However, the assignments are a bit to easy for anyone with previous knowledge of art or design, while the assignments also must be completed with software which most people would not know how to use without previous classes in graphic design.
Having a background in Art & Graphic Design already I felt the Fundamentals course didn't really push me or help me learn anything incredibly helpful. However, it did push me to start using Illustrator (Which I had never used before) and I am enjoying the process of learning about a new digital programme.
The course itself is interesting. I'm finding it hard to get anything out of these classes, as there is no feedback from instructors, and all assignments are graded by peers, with very little in the way of guidance. (criteria is basically "did you do the assignment" "ok, pass")
lessons are good and sufficient although the website is not user friendly and easy to follow. the reviewing process is not fare and helpful I rather a professional person review my works than some one who may have same knowledge as me and can provide better comments.
Interesting and exploratory but not much was really explained; he just kinda showed examples and said see what I mean. That's great but you're not really learning why and thus in my opinion I don't feel like I learned much about graphic design
Instead of reading blogs and books on graphic design and then following that up with consequent practice I decided to take up this course which would help me do both more efficiently and so far I'm not regretting my decision.
this course is kinda useful but I think it needs to go deeper in some details about those fundamentals of graphic design to give a complete imagination about how this world works, glad to be here and thanks a lot!
It is quite engaging from a beginner point of view but I expected the course to more of a professional level. Expected to work on a Graphic Design software like Adobe Illustrator or something like that.
They are teaching you basics of design. The course is pretty good for people who have absolutely no knowledge in design. Overall my experience was good. They did increase my knowledge about graphics.
I was expecting to have more hands on experience and learning graphic designing software, but it was more about theory. I liked the theory and classes, but still I was hoping for more.
Great course for anyone who wishes to learn graphic designs. It's eye-opening for me as it is not just about arts, but also the techniques and compositions behind every design
I was expecting to learn to use some tools during the course. Looks like I have to teach myself how to use different programs for designing.
It's very very basic, I know it's considered an introductory course but I expected more. It was very interesting and informative though.
A bit basic, but I guess that's what should be expected of an "Introduction"It would be nice to get a more advanced alternative course
This course is just about the basics. It was very easy for me to take this course, do assignments. Think twice before buying.
Did learn new things as well what graphic design really is (Spoiler: Its not restricted to only good looking designs).
This was a great introductory course to graphic design. It made me think of many ways to represent the same image. I
Thats a good course for beginers.In my opinion should be more illustrative with more real  and nice examples.
It would be better to see some feedback from teachers, than from people who are also studying to designers
very basic .... like a really basic ... I will commend this course to a robot start his AI training .
Very basic, but some things are useful, the course is worth it if you are a total newbie
Great course to introduce you to basics of graphic design and basic design language.
A basic  idea of a tool to employ skills of graphic design would have been helpful
Needs to be much more fleshed out.  Create subsidiary courses for each topic!
Nicely done and fun to follow. With useful practice, but very basic indeed.
It teaches you the basic processes and techniques of image making.
I would prefer a few tutorials on how to implement digital design
Very basic overview of graphic design, learned some new things!
The course is good but the actual lectures could be more fun.
very easy, many lessons seemed just like common sense ??
Interesting topic, but the way it's presented is boring.
Nice course to understand the basics of graphic design
It is a Good course but it mostly watching videos
Often feels a bit too superficial and basic
Looks a bit outdated. A bit boring
Could use a few updated changes.
It is good for beginners only
Bit too simple for my liking.
the lessons were very basic
Only very basic concepts.
Pretty Interesting
simply.. Wow.!
It was Good.
The content, lectures, examples, assignments, etc were all great! I thought doing the assignments and the optional practice assignments were really helpful. The reason why it's 4 instead of 5 stars is because I wish there was more engagement or feedback from the course staff. While doing the assignments were an useful experience, I didn't get much useful feedback. A lot of people just wrote "good". I also would have liked to see more examples of serious work from the students. When I was reviewing classmates, it looked like a lot of people did not take the assignments seriously and didn't put much effort into their submissions. I feel like there's as much to learn from peers as there is to learn from the teacher, so I was a little disappointed to not learn much from my peers (except a few students who did take the class seriously and that was really helpful for me to see their creativity and skills!!)
Course is all good but I was expectiongmore of application , and an insight into graphic design softwares like photoshop and illustrators.
It could improve in the use of questionnaires within and during the videos. There are not, and they would be useful. Questionnaires at the end and after many videos is not as effective.It would be good to ask the students to ask to be aware of making polite and polite corrections when grading and giving opinions about works. Aware that English is not the native language of all participants.There are no more Spanish subtitles in the rest of the specialized course, for those of us who do not speak English, we can no longer continue. We cannot take the rest of the courses, there are no more Spanish subtitles. It's a shame.Podría mejorar en el uso de cuestionarios dentro y durante de los videos. No los hay, y serian útiles. Cuestionarios al final y después de muchos videos no es tan efectivo.Seria bueno pedir a los alumnos que al calificar y dar opiniones sobre trabajos, se pida ser conscientes de hacer correcciones educadas y amables. Conscientes de que el inglés no es el idioma nativo de todos los participantes.Ya no hay subtítulos en español en el resto del curso especializado, para los que no hablamos inglés, ya no podemos seguir. No podemos tomar el resto de cursos, ya no hay subtítulos en español. Es una pena.
It was really good! It was fun, simple and easy. To be honest I was a little bit disappointed because it was too simple and because I have an artistic background I was pretty excited to dive in graphic design straight forward, but I think it's fair to start slow for the people who don't have a background.If you're someone who just want basic ideas about design and how to put things together in a nice way considering the meaning behind anything, this course is definitely for you. But if you're someone who is like me, actually wants to learn everything possible about graphic design, then you probably know most of the info provided here, and you should take the whole specialization like what I'm doing.But it was quite beneficial in the theory aspect, because now I know the technologies and terms for a lot of things!The assignments are too easy that they were boring, there are multiple optional assignments but again, they are also boring and basic.In conclusion, as a course about graphic design fundamentals, yes it's absolutely amazing, but as an introduction to graphic design as a specialization, it's so basic and I wish it had more work.
The course was very interesting, hands on orientated and it offered me a lot of useful information. I have really enjoyed it! It was also a good motivation to practice graphic design more often, explore the realms of shapes, colours, typography etc. I was really grateful for the peer reviews, but I missed a bit more professional approach sometimes, for instance comments like "I like it" or "It is not that bad" does not tell me much about my work. So in these cases some feedback from someone who already is a graphic designer and knows much more about it than us, students, starting with the graphic design, would be more than welcome.  I also missed advices on where to find out more on a particular topic. Overall, taking this course was a very positive experience and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in graphic design.
ProsThe information is good. This class is good for learning the vocabulary in graphic design. I already understood more general terms like scale and form. I learned new terms like figure/ground and visual contrast (or how graphic design defines it).ConsThe teacher's pace for some of the videos is slow for the amount of information. On week 4, the pace slightly quickens. But overall, it's really slow. VerdictI would recommend this course for learning the terms of graphic design or getting a basic understanding of design principles. I also found the assignments fun. If you have some understanding of the basics of design and art, you do not need to watch every video. Feel free to skip on videos covering terms you have a general idea about.
An excellent introduction to graphic design. The videos were useful to clearly show the concepts. There were a number of assignments, many of them optional, which allowed you to practice and integrate the learnings. All material was taught at a level that made it accessible to a true novice.My only hesitation on giving this course 5 stars was the lack of any presence of teachers/tutors in the course discussions. There was a lot of questions about the final marked assignment, with many posts on the discussion boards. There was no response from anyone other than the participants in the course. The issue was not clarified and students were left to interpret (and peer review based on that intrepretation) the instructions on their own.
Learnt lots throughout this course which was great, thank you! However, sometimes assignments didn't quite make sense, even though there was the forum to help I found myself scrolling through lots of messages trying figure out exactly what was required from the assignments. Also I know it would be impossible with the amount of people enrolled in the course, but I would be nice to have an opinions from qualified designer/someone in charge of the course. Getting expert opinions on how to improve your work would be nice as a lot of the peer review reviews were a couple word answers or I know for me personally I don't know too much about design to tell someone else how they could enhance their work.
The content is very good. Clear and organized. I learned a lot. But the user interface information for submitting assignments was challenging despite mentor 'clarification' which is not clear. Also, The last assignment instructions need to be rewritten. I saw many interpretations of the parameters causing confusion on peer grading. Luckily I seem to be among those who interpreted as intended but I had to read out 4-5 times before I proceeded and even then I was uncertain. I felt bad for the students who did it wrong.  Also the overlap of students who are in a following course we sent out for review. Confusion.  I wish it was a course with an active instructor.
My first-ever online course. Has some rocky parts where the assignments are not 100% crystal clear, but I think the break-everything-down approach will get you started on being able to think critically about how a surface works. Is the kind of class where it does the most good if you're already interested in the topic & have some skill, but want to figure out how you know what you know & what sorts of decisions a graphic can make. It's not a technical class, it's a conceptual class. The peer-review system is not really optimal when a lot of your classmates don't really get the assignment. I think you'll get out of this course whatever you put into it.
I like this course. However, I would like to work more with color. I also think having the option to collaborate with other students would inspire people more perhaps, maybe just one group project that can be completed either in the group or also alone but the project is required, if that makes sense?! Students could just choose if they wanted to do it alone or with a partner. I found myself wanting to reach out to fellow students and didn't really have the opportunity so if there was some incentive to do so, that would be neat. But overall great course! And the professors accent made it really easy to want to watch his videos and follow along!
Excellent course. Would definitely recommend for anyone like myself who is either already in a creative profession or is looking to get into one. I don't think it's just for those interested in being a graphic designer, but the principles and perspectives learned from this course are applicable in many creative fields and endeavors. I only took the one star off because while it's great to get the opinion of your fellow learners, it would be good to have some professional/experienced input on the additional exercises, but that would probably mean the course would cost more. All around excellent intro, highly recommended.
This course is very good for a beginner. It starts from very basic and the language is very simple and clear.I loved the assignments and I learned a lot during it. My personal advice do as many assignments as many time as you can, assignments are gonna teach you more than theory.The reason I am giving it a 4 star and not 5 because I really felt that at some points I needed some clarifications and feedback from the instructor. I started few threads for discussing my subject related questions but no reply. If coursera team is able to fill this gap between teacher and student, I guess then this course is beyond 5 stars :)
This course has given me deep insight about graphic design. with
help of this course my fundamentals regarding various pillar of graphic design
are very clear . My knowledge has definitely increased regarding Imagemaking ,Typography, colour theory,
contrasts and its factors and how all these affects the composition.I was very new to this field but now i am confident to
understand the terminology of this field of graphic design.All the fundamental have been taught in depth and have given
a very clear understanding of the topic.I am very thankfull to
the team for prepairing such a wonderful course structure
It has been 40 years since I took my last art course (and that was in elementary school).  While I enjoyed making posters in high school and college, those were done by hand.  I had ZERO experience with computer graphics, and was quite nervous starting this course.  I liked the way the instructor eased into it - bringing less experienced artists along slowly, and constantly encouraging us to practice and experiment.  By the 4th week, I figured out my computer's basic graphic design program, and was really enjoying playing with designs.  I look forward to taking the other classes in this specialization.
Great introductory course. This course is great for those interested in getting the basic knowledge of graphic design. However, don't expect super helpful reviews on your work. I try to the best of my ability to critique each fellow students submission and give them tips here and there. But, it is a bit frustrating to get peer reviews that do not have any constructive criticism. Reviews like 'Good job' or 'Meets requirements' are not very helpful. Also, many people submit blank assignments, so there is nothing to review. But all and all, it was an awesome course.
Really easy-to-understand course, for people who would like to know the very basic things about graphic design. It teaches you he terminologies to build the base of a beginner designer and shows how it can affect different artworks. This course is encouraging you to simply "MAKE DESIGN!" and bring out your inner-creativity, especially through the somewhat open-ended assignments that only require something like Word, or even your pencils at home as the minimum. Definitely recommend it if you're only coming into the graphics design world :)
I'm a writer/communications specialist who has been working with and learning from visual designers for 20 years. This course was great for me to get structured, high-level information about the fundamentals of their work, plus some hands-on practice in exploring how to work with basic design principles. If you are looking for instruction in how to use design software, do not look to this course (try YouTube). If you're instead looking for an introduction to ideas and exploration, go fo =r it.
It was awesome! This videos' explain was really helpful and easy to understand even though I'm a student who learning English now. I got many information from this class, but if I say, sometime I couldn't get enough feedback. When I submit my works, no one reply to me, or got just easy comment. I think feedback is most important things about learning something.  So I hope that I could get good feedback in this class.But, still it is really nice program, so I recommend you this class!
Michael (the lecturer) did a wonderful job delivering the lessons in an easy to understand manner. The whole course was easy to follow. I don't recall any ambiguity in his teachings and his voice was clear. I also enjoy some of the assignments because I surprise myself by producing some great images. My main problem is the instructions of the assignments that causes a lot of students to be confused (there are many complaints expressed in the Discussion forum).
The course is great. It is very basic, yet still helps to clarify some areas even for a more experienced users. it did make me practice and understand fundamentals. The grading system and requirements can be improved. Maybe a video about reviewing others work will help to give it more importance, and in my opinion all of the assignment should be a requirement for the completion of the course. That might give more weight to the critics of optional assignments.
If you wish to be great at something,you need to know the basics first and that's what this course tells you about! All the Fundamentals of Graphic design explained beautifully and so precisely that you will feel yourself getting immersed in this course! Plus the weekly assignment challenges you to showcase what all things you have learnt in that particular week! Don't just think,just hit that enroll button already! Just go for it and enjoy learning! :)
It was fantastic in the fact that the content taught was clear and informative.The only problem that I had was so many of the projects (although optional) were peer reviewed. My grades relied on other people's ability to evaluate my work which on  one occasion caused me to get a grade that I felt was not fair or accurate. It would have been a lot better if there was more tutor/student interaction - there was none at all.
The lectures in the course were very interesting and informative. I learned new things and understood better things I knew.The assignments where interesting and challenging enough. I have two main comments though:1. The feedback from other students is usually not very helpful. I put time and effort into my written feedback, but didn't get the same in return. I wish there was some way to get professional feedback
This is a great course for all-time beginners to learn about the most fundamental principles of design. It is not, however, so much a compelling course if you have any notion about design in general or color as it is as bare-bones as it can get. I have really liked the lectures though, and the projects, though they could have been a little bit more challenging, were good examples of a real-life practice.
I am an under-grad (2015) in product design from Srishti Institute in Bangalore, India. Currently, a multi-disciplinary professional, I was seeking to clear my basics in graphic design; the course has definitely met this requirement of mine. I liked the simplicity of exercises - not demanding too much - allowing enough time to play around and develop good grip over each aspect of graphic design.
Great course! The professor was interesting to listen to, and I loved how hands-on it was. My only complaint, and this is probably more in regards to the system than the course itself, was that once you complete the required activity (Brief or Quiz) each week, you were automatically advanced to the next week, which made it difficult to watch and complete the "bonus" lessons.
Good, quick intro to theory of graphic design. Clear and concise instruction. You should have some knowledge of drawing programs such as Adobe Illustrator. If you don't know it, prepare to spend some time on Youtube figuring out how to do some of the projects. This course would be much better if there were some instruction on how to create the images they ask you to create.
Very interesting and well done course. If I can suggest, we should have feedback from the professors on our assignments. If this is something impossible, considered the huge amount of persons applying for the course, he should at least check some work and give a feedback in order for us to understand if the works done are made in a correct way or not.
Great course. The basics are amazing. The videos are explained wonderfully and at a very easy pace. The exercises are perfect. Only thing is you can't send your homework at first because you didn't pay for it. I didn't get any recognition or diploma... :( NOTHING, and that's a little bit sad. Anyhow, the course is wonderful and I learned a lot!!!
I thought this was a great introduction to Graphic Design. The instructor was clear and gave lots of examples.  The cases were fun yet challenging your creativity.  The only thing I wish could be better is to get feedback on the assignments from the instructor rather than just the students, although their feedback was usually very helpful.
This course was very well designed and extremely suitable for peeps of all backgrounds. I suppose the only drawback was that I didn't find the course challenging enough. But I went to design school for a few semesters, so I was already pretty familiar with the concepts. Overall, very good practice and a nice refresher. Thanks, Michael!
My only criticism about the class is that no actual feedback is given by the instructor or an expert. A lot of the times the peers that reviewed my assignments gave Yes/No answers without any feedback. I wish I could be evaluated even by a mentor at least, even if the class instructor himself is unable to look at the projects.
This is a great intro course for anybody new to the subject. I look forward to expanding my knowledge with the base of information provided here. I also really loved the assignments and the deadlines; I've been trying to learn the fundamentals on my own, but having the structure of this class really helped me to make progress.
Really nice and comprehensible course, with examples that clarify the concepts. Some peer-reviewed assignments are a bit ambiguous and take some extra time to understand, but in overall they are great. The course is not meant to teach in-depth details on how to make great design, but nicely paves the way for further learning.
I thought the course content was very rudimentary- I would have preferred a bit more in depth material. I was also hoping to learn which programs graphic designers frequently work in. I liked all of the required assignments, but which there were more of them, and that they were graded by the instructor instead of classmates.
The lecturer was inspiring and very well spoken. The assignments emphasized the need to create many different iterations which I feel is a valuable habit to understand from the very beginning. In general I felt that I took a lot away from the course that I could easily apply to my work as a game designer / product person.
The course introduces you to the vital basics of graphic design. Sometimes the information provided is not enough for me as a practicing designer, but I guess it would be OK for beginners. Maybe the main thing about the course is that it constantly encourages students to do a lot of design, and it's definitely inspiring.
I think the course is good, although I think some concepts are not clear, it is not easy to understand when your mother tongue is not English, outside of that, it is a very general context. I mean the explanations of the tasks and exercises, the rules were not clear to me, what was requested, how it was evaluated.
I loved the course very much. As a beginner, I found it very clear and interesting as it covered all the basics! The only thing I struggled with is understanding some of the assignments! I would recommend adding a visual example of what is to be expected with instructions to be creative and think outside the box.
A lot of the material given in the lecture was intuitive, but I thought it was extremely valuable to see all of the different examples the instructor showed, and the peer review process was also helpful (not only to get feedback on your own work, but to see the way all your classmates approached the same prompt)
Excellent teaching methodology  in course every video have one creative thing please don't skip  mainly the faculty Michael Worthington he an extraordinary creative skills, I didn't get  this type of interaction with students in my college.Don't stop with this course go on do specialization in graphic designing
It was a good course! I found I already knew much of this (I am graduating with a BFA in studio art this spring). I think it covered a lot, but I was disappointed in the feedback I got from peers, often only "good" or "good work" even in sections where it asked for them to give me something to work on.
I learned a lot in this course. This course discuss the strong foundation of Graphic Design and I'm so happy that I grab this opportunity to be able to boost my confidence as a Designer. This is an opportunity that you should never missed. Master the fundamentals and great works will come to your way!
Very informative class and I enjoyed the flexibility in weekly assignments. Unfortunately, some of my submissions lacked enough feedback for me to learn from other students since one student repeatedly gave a sing "good" to a couple of my assignments and therefore I lost out on informative criticism.
Great in-depth subjective lessons. They really help me deepen into the subject (using plenty of examples) and support me with my thoughts on the assignments. I would only improve the way the lessons were organized, and maybe make the assignments a bit more challenging?Other than that, great course!
A good course which I enjoyed but I did find the process of peer review irksome in that although I was ready to review work, I was often told there were none and it was only finding a thread on the forum which enabled me to finally review the 2 remaining I needed to finish the course completely.
Great course that teaches you what you need for graphic design.It is a good approach to graphic design.The reviewing system encourages you to talk to your "classmates", there is a very friendly atmosphere.However, it is a bit difficult to get feedback from the institute and the teacher direclty.
This course helped teach me the basics of graphic design. I have done graphics for GCSE and currently doing A-Level but I wasn't taught the basic theories of things, like layout and composition. My favourite part was the typography section, with the extra briefs being fun and interesting to do.
I thoroughly enjoyed the class.  The only reason why I did not give it 5 stars is because, I would have liked to have seen one of the design projects reviewed by the teacher or a teacher's assistant.  I appreciate the peer review, but hearing from someone with experience can be very reassuring.
I learn from this course, creative and systematic plan to solve a problem and achieve certain objectives, with the use of images, symbols or even words. Also i learn visual communication and the aesthetic expression of concepts and ideas using various graphic elements and tools in this course.
I enjoyed the course and content. I think it was split up into decent sized and manageable sections and full of lots of useful information which was presented well. I liked doing the assignments, I just wish more people would give more feedback as several reviewers only give one word replies.
I enjoyed the videos, the teacher was very clear and specific, yet offered great insights and flexibility.  This course really gets your mind working and looking at things in different ways.  My only complaint is that I thought this would be more geared towards using computer applications.
The course gives a good introduction to graphic design. My only concern is that the only reviews are peer reviews, but given the scale and cost this in completely understandable.I definitely recommend this course for anyone with an interest in design who has not had any previous training.
Engaging, well structured course content. Appropriate/accurate work load estimates. Instructive assignments which isolate and combine concepts in ways that really help them stick. (Peer assessment is a bit hit and miss but that is just the nature of things and not the fault of the course)
The materials and knowledge of the fundamentals from this course are helpful. However, the assignments and peer grading threw me off. I did not like the fact that your grade depended on students' review of your assignments. It is all subjective. Good course materials, poor grading system.
This course covers a lot of the basics of graphic design and encourages practice. I definitely learned a lot and was able to apply my skills in the assignments. One slight drawback is that the lectures are a bit boring and seem to drag on. Other than that, I enjoyed this course!
The course content is quite good. The feedback I'm getting from peers is not great. It's mostly stuff like "good job" or "Nice work." It's pretty much all very short sentences and nothing useful. You can read it in your system to see it yourself. I've taken a star off for this.
I felt that this course has strong fundamental knowledge, although a little short. It gets the job done when the aim is to let people know about the general fundamentals of graphic design. Overall, I recommend this if one doesn't know how to get their creative juices flowing.
Overall this is a great intro class. The content was engaging and thoughtful, and the assignments were fun. The peer review process is quite frustrating, with one word critiques or copy and pasted responses with unrelated content. This portion of the class was not helpful.
Clear teaching line and complete content makes it a wonderful choice for starters who are interested in graphic design. However, as the name of the course indicates, it is not an advanced tutorial for those who wants to enhance their design skills in a more specific area.
I have learned a lot during these four weeks. I have been able to understand the use of graphic design and how I can develop my skill further. I  think if we could get in touch with the instructors as well for doubts as well as our assignments , we can learn a lot more.
Great course but I find the instructions for the homework a bit confusing and there could have been more examples like in intro to image making. However, I think it's essential and even though it was boring causing me to not try hard I think I had to learn this content.
It was really fun and challenging making this course. I love graphic design but my experience is very little so I've learned a lot. The downside is that none of the assignments are reviewed by a teacher, we only get feedback from our peers and some aren't very helpful.
Course was great but felt the quality of sound and visuals should be improved. As Coursera is a professional platform, the videos are not that much fair to look at. and the sound, theres a lot of noise in the background which is a disturbance for some viewers.Thank you
So this course me many basics about graphic design.Over all it was great one.But only one problem is that the instructors didn't show the software use here,I had to toil with the assignments because of that if software use is taught here then it could be 10/10 course
Information was very good and presented in a clear and intriguing manner.  I do wish the professors or someone could give some oversight.  Some students were nice, but some were very nasty to each other.  Ironically, the people with the worst work were the nastiest.
Course is pretty good as a starting point. Makes you start thinking on different lines and gives a good introduction about the various aspects involved. Getting reviews from other students also helped a lot.So overall, i quite enjoyed the course. Thumbs Up!! :)
I really loved this course. As someone who knows the know-how from the practical side, I really wanted to enrich my theory skills. This has been a great course and everything has been so helpful and simple. I recommend anyone looking to start design theory.
Really good course.  I would have given it 5 stars but it could use a little improvement.  Too many optional assignments perhaps.  They should have been required.  The class just didn't engage you enough.  That being said I've signed up for the next ones.
Excellent introduction to graphic design. The instructor is engaging and interesting and the topics are broken down into easy to understand segments with excellent examples. Assignments are interesting and really helped me work with the different topics.
I wish the examples and the projects were a bit more fun/engaging. I understand that this was a fundamentals course, but I found it a little dry. Some of the examples were also "ok." Did not really inspire me to create as much as I would have liked.
It was a very useful course that made me think about letters, configurations and pictures with a different perspective from what I was thinking previously ... made me discover new things and train more. It opened the way for me to be more creative.
This course is arguably the best starter for getting started with communication design as a practice. It was an insightful and productive experience. I would recommend Fundamentals of Graphic Design to anyone with aspiration for design in general.
I didn't really liked the course of the first week but than I really came to enjoy a lot the course about pattern and forms in particular which was a completely new way of thinking how to create for me, very interesting and full of possibilities.
Explanations are simple but covers many aspects. The assignments are also simple but quite useful to practice what it is explained in the video lesson. I really enjoy with this course and creating the  composition suggested in the assignments.
This course is great to learn about the fundamentals of graphic design. I learned about the basics of typography and how to work with shapes and patterns. If you are about to start to learn graphic design then this course is for you.
the material from the Calarts are great, the lecturer also teach us very well. a little concern is with the fellow student. i sometime get a peer review that don't really help me to point out my strength and weakness in my work.
Its a great course to start understanding the basics of design and know what graphic design is all about. the lectures are very well explained and the assignments are all very easy to complete. Its a very well structured course.
It is a great course, simple yet complete. However, it would be nice if we had more contact with our lecturers, and if they graded our assignments instead of other classmates. They are not as experienced as our teachers are.
I really loved this course, it really pushes you forward to create and it is a really good course for beginners. I would only love for the review part to be more challenging in order to get better at your work in the future
I loved the course, although I think the instructions for various briefs should be more precise and/or someone should be available to clarify the instructions and answer any questions from students (regarding the briefs).
Four stars, because there is always room for improvement. But this is a well structured course and gives a great grounding for anyone looking at graphic design. Thanks to those who put this course together, great work.
Good information, wish there were more assignments and perhaps multiple presenters. This class is part of a specialization, so you can not get the certificate for completion unless you join the specialization.
I found the course rather interesting and useful for the beginners in graphic design, however I think the students need the feedback from the instructor. I missed some professional critic during the course.
The course itself was well done, however the peer review is useless.  Only one person actually made a comment beyone "good".  So it makes it difficult to grow when there is no feedback at all on the work.
I liked the course as a beginner to graphic design and I would recommend it for everyone. Maybe to be perfect I would like it to include more examples and technical classes, but it was definitely worthy.
This Course has opened my eyes to different simple concepts I had forgotten or not quiet understood until now. I am going to work through all of the 5 coursed for Graphic design. this was a great start.
The fundamentals, like the title says. Very well explaineI wish there was more info on what software to use for the assignments for those of us more used to traditional mediums rather than digital.
I think this course is fun to learn the fundamentals of design and how to apply it in Graphic Design. It is good for those who are new or want to refresh on the basics and have extra practice.
It would be great if you also include some Adobe Illustrator basics into the curriculum, rather than that I had lots of fun learning with you and acquiring new skills in design and typography.
In terms of lectures, it was a great course. I undoubtedly learned a lot and enjoyed it. The last star is missing since I wish there was a bit more interaction among people taking the course.
This is a very fundamental and inspiring courser for those who are new to the area of graphic design. It is not just about technical skills but instead, it focuses on explore and experiment.
Quite in-depth course on the Fundamentals of Graphic Design, beautifully broken down into small components. Perfect for beginners and students interested to start learning Graphic Design.
Gave me an okay, very basic understanding of basic concepts. I feel like a good chunk was missing though as I've been going through a separate free course which was much more in depth.
Great overview of graphic design for someone who does not have any experience in this area. Encourages creativity and new ways of thinking about every day objects and representations.
I liked this course a lot - great basic information. The voice sometimes was a little too monotone and sometimes it was too slow (at least for me, everyone perceives it differently).
Fundamentals of Graphic Design is the right path for anyone looking forward to entering the graphic design arena. The course is well-structured and the assignments are very helpful.
I loved the course, it really help me a lot to understand Graphic Design and to find inspiration in the things that surround us, which mostly are composed of basic geometric shapes.
I really enjoyed learning the basics of graphic design and image-making. I definitely see myself utilizing and applying this knowledge in my further endeavours with graphic design.
Great introduction of the fundementals of graphic design! I recommend it - the videos and instructor are clear and concise. I look forward to the next course in the specialization.
Wish you should add giving some live examples to the works. Over all this course was one of the greatest courses I ever attended. I was able to study many things from this course.
I really enjoyed this course! Love that they are graded assignments and deadlines. Feeling accomplished that I've completed. 1 down 4 more to go to complete my specialization!
Amazing Course. Everything has been taught from scratch and it makes one think and look at an image from different angles and perspectives. In all a great learning experience.
As the name suggests, It is a very basic course in Graphic designing. You get to know the basic principles and technicalities of composition. The way of teaching is excellent.
Loved this course :) It helped me a lot in learning about how typography, colours, texture, weight, scale, direction and many other factors can impact the image so much.
It was great and I really learnt a lot but I think they could have taught us a little more about using any particular platform to create or test the things we learnt.
very valuable fundamental course. the termology introduced seldom use in daily life and the content of the course trigger me to be more interested in Graphic Design.
Great way to get acquainted with the basic tools of graphic design. I will be sure to use them next time I am creating a presentation at work or in my personal life.
This had some really good fundamentals and some really helpful exercises. I recommend this to anyone who would like to understand a little more about Graphic Design.
Its a good course for people who never look at design but its a lot surface. Of course if you want to know the main aspects of design very quikly it course for you.
I really enjoy the exploration journey of this course!Especially the moto of the tutor : "The best part to create it's to have fun in the process!"...Thanks a lot!
It's so good, giving the principles of design without the need to complicated tools or programs. But I guess some optional assignments should have been required.
The course is pretty good and not difficult to take. I've learned basic graphic design skill via this course. Looking forward to taking more classes here again!
This helped me quite a bit, I learned some more stuff about typography and made my horizons broader with layout and composition. Great course, I would suggest.
One of the most important thing I feel that this course was very flexible to use. In fact, I had the opportunity to learn all fundamental of graphic design.
As a self taught person in Graphic Design, it was interesting to put words to my basic knowledge. I found particularly helpful the lesson about composition.
Great course who wants to start a carrier in graphics designing. I've learned so many new things that you couldn’t learn on youtube or any other platforms.
Great examples and excercises. A good way to get into the graphic design. I enjoy every assignment and it gives a lot of ways to keep doing graphic design.
A great starter course for anyone who's interested about graphic design. The course has a good foundation of basic design principles that can be built on.
The material is really good for beginners. In order to make it more useful I think all the tasks should be mandatory, there shouldn't be any optional ones
This course is a good start in understanding the basics of graphic design, I felt it could go a bit deeper into the materials but its a good beginniing :)
The lessons were clear and full of examples, very easy to comprehend. The assignments were perfect for beginners and were really helpful for improvement.
Really good course. Only critique is it could have been a little longer to flesh out some more creative concepts, but it's a good, balanced intro course.
The course is being great so far and very well taught/instructed by Professor Michael. I hope it will be an important asset to my future career in Arts.
It is a really good course for beginners who wishes to understand the magic behind visual arts The videos are short and sweet with very clear contents.
Helpful, even interesting. it covers broad area of graphic design in somewhat meaningful depth, and yet it's still intriguing enough to make people try
The teacher is compelling and the lessons are the perfect amount of time and info. The instructions for the assignments are sometimes a little unclear.
It is a very awesome course and I would like to add a suggestion that which software to use and basics of that software can be included in this course
simple and easy to complete it,  powerful information covering multi topics of graphic design  ....but still need more declaration  of tasks . thanks
Really great course for those wanting to understand the theory behind graphic design. A very hands-on and practical courses. Thoroughly enjoyed it!
I can boldly say i have gain the fundamental skills needed to be a good graphic designer and not a decorator.  How to be the best critic of my job.
this course taught me a lot about graphic design. i was so astonished about all the meanings from composition, shape and color. nice for beginners
This course has helped me engage with my work more! It helps understand the what and why of design, I enjoyed every minute of my learning curves.
The course is great but peer graded assignments are not so reliable, peers just want to finish the assignment so they do not give good feedback
Coursera has not only helped me to understand the basics or fundamentals of Graphic Design, but also how to put them in practical application.
A very basic course on graphic designing. As a beginner I enjoyed the content and it was fun to complete the assignments before the dew dates.
The course is well organized and well demonstrated and it includes all the basics of graphic design for beginners. Really enjoyed this course
It's been fun! As the name suggest, it really is a fundamental course meant for beginners. I find the typography week to be most informative.
Overall great course.  Some knowledge Adobe Illustrator and file formatting needed.  The Audio is out of sink from the video on many lessons.
It's described as "fundamentals" and that's it. Very basic. Everything is well explained. In my opinion, it could be a little more in depth.
Great introduction course. I wish there were links to relevant literature on the topics. Some exercise formulations are not instantly clear.
I really enjoyed the classes, but some assignments were not that challenging. Also the peer review is not as effective as I was expecting.
Its a great course.it helped me to grow my passion for Graphic design. its totally a basic level course. its really helpful for beginners.
Thanks for this fantastic app which really was very beneficial for me. It is a best thing to do in this lockdown by learning more things.
A very good overview of graphic design - for someone just want an intro, can just take this course rather than the whole specification.
Quite interesting and enjoyed it well enough!  I was expecting it to be more computer based, but the principles were still of interest.
A great course to learn to design. It's not a software course, which is perfect. Just what I needed it. Unfortunately, it's too short.
The last assignment could have been more interesting. I think the optional assignment would have been a better closure to the course.
Online courses are challenging. I would recommend examples for the homework assignments. The videos do not detail what is expected.
Simple concepts are introduced but taking this course allowed me to further my creativity and practice my skills in graphic design.
I really enjoyed it, but I thought some of the instructions were a bit vague and required some guesswork. Overall, a solid course.
Very good introductory course to Graphic Design. A good staple to get familiar with the very basics before starting learning more.
Maybe if their were a few more required assignments that would be better but regardless, amazing course, learned a lot! Thank you
Great course on Graphics design and a good introduction to its basic concepts.I wish there was a part on which software to use.
There should be more instruction given to people on how to use Photoshop or inkscape. It took me long to realize things myself
you really do get a knowledge of the basis of graphic design. I just wish the staff would have also reviewed the assignments.
Nicely explained by the tutor. Good practice assignments about every topic covered for better understanding of the concept.
The instruction videos are pretty good. The course gives a good overview of the fundamentals. It delivers what it promises.
Great course overall, but you area really learning on your own.  Hard to get critical/in-depth feedback about assignments.
learn a lot of fundamental information about graphic design, and really do a great help for me to learn a designer's view.
I really liked the course. I found it easy to follow and really helpful too. The assignments were also easy but helpful.
Covers the topic very well, but keep in mind that it's only an intro. The focus is on introducing concepts and language.
Very basic introduction to the ground floor of Graphic Design. Get in, get it done, get out. I like how precise it was.
Good course, great for an introduction, hopefully more advanced courses from CalArts will cover more advanced features
It's help me to gain knowledge about the design and introduced it and I learn many type of graphic design . THANK YOU
very important for both new designer, who want to enrich their knowledge, and experienced designers, as a refresher.
Good course for learning the basics of graphics design. More professional / business related topics could be added.
i have registered to the course as a part of specialization, but I can't open most of materials. what should I do?
I liked the course it started with the basics of designing and brought a deep understanding of graphic desinging
Maybe too basic sometimes. But the teacher explains everything in a very good way. The platform works amazingly.
The only thing I would say is that clarity of instructions was sometimes difficult to follow. Otherwise, great!
It was great experience. If you want to start from scratch its perfect for you. I would highly recommend this.
The course itself was great. The only thing lacking  is that all the assignments were reviewed only by peers.
It is a good introductional course that starts our mindset to see how the graphic world is built around us.
It was great for fundamentals, I know it is a fundamentals course, but I would have love to dive in deeper!
I would like if there was some instructor feedback. That would be great! I loved the course, really useful.
I thought the exercise of 10 images was a good intro to thinking of different ways to represent an object.
i learned a lot. it was really helpful and it makes you think from different angles. to create something.
Basic but good course. The optional assignments should be required to rise the course level and feedback.
Some of the videos seem a little repetitive, but all in all it was a great overview of Graphic Design.  T
Excellent beginner course for principles of design. Fun projects, informative and well presented videos.
I loved this course, even though (for me), some things were quite repetitive and unnecessarily lengthy.
nice course! I got to learn a lot of new thing through this. I highly recommend this to new beginners.
It's great. The course really helps me realize the fundamental graphic design theories and techniques.
great!!!but whoever is doing this course should know that this is the very basic of graphic designing
Although very basic the course helped my to discover the bases of graphic design. Willing for more!
It was a well organized course, but it did not manage to get me very excited about graphic design.
This is a great course for learning the fundamentals of graphic design. Had a lot of fun doing it!
This course sets a decent foundation for anybody interested in pursuing graphic design seriously.
The teaching way is very informative. The way it was presented was easy to understand .Thank You
Overall a good course but just wish that the course also focused on graphic designing softwares.
Great course for refresh existing knowledge and start learn about compsition and graphic design.
The strongest part of this course is that it prompts the learners to apply the designing skills.
I was unable to follow up bc of vacation and some busines travel, I wish to do it again one day.
This was my first online course. Its a good one to begin with, got to learn a lot great course!
Everything is there in this course but the only problem is that the classes are a bit boring.
THIS COURSE WAS A HELPFUL ATTEMPT TOWARDS FUNDAMENTALS, INTERESTING AND EASILY UNDERSTANDABLE
I'm really excited to complete this course and have a better understanding of graphic design!
Great course to set basics on track. well worth the time & effort. Good instructions by Mich
there are many new things that i have learnt in this but there still a room for improvement
I really feeling great and want to learn about graphic designing. This course motivated me.
A very good introduction to this specialization, with fun and thought-provoking exercisees.
Good course. Would have been better if more assignments were graded, rather than optional.
This course was very informative .Thank you coursera for providing such a awesome course.
Rigorous if you take the time to do the optional work which has a lot of depth and value.
this course for who not came basic for graphic design . It nice course learn from basic.
good experiences it made me do a lot of art work , made me know my skills of imagination
it was great but should contain more of graphics designing than basic drawing and shapes
I am learning very well due to this course.It includes Basic ideas of graphic designing.
Even though this is a beginner course, I feel it could have been a bit more challenging.
Over all a good experience to get a solid understanding of basic graphic design aspects.
Great course! I would really have like to have had some more time covering composition.
Amazing classes to create some interest over the graphic design! I finished and aprove.
It was good it helped me to learn about the form and creating images with meaning ....
Good basics and forces you to rethink what you know about form, composition and color.
This course gives a good overview on the basics of the graphic design and image making
This was simple, but always remember without basics we cannot do anything. Thankyou:)
It is a good introduction to graphic design. Some assignments are however uninspired.
When it comes to peer review, some reviews are not very helpful for me to improve.
It was a fun and informative course, the assignments were interesting and engaging
Good course. Interesting clear lectures and interesting, enjoyable assignments.
A very precise and interesting overview into the world of design and graphics.
student's support should be better, they take long time to answer our doubts.
Good introduction to graphic design. The videos have a lot of "mouth noises".
It's exactly what I was looking for, the basics of desing: color and shapes.
One of the Best Course, I have done lot on courser, Thanks for this one...!!
A very good course and has helped understand a lot about The said subject :)
It would me more useful if you could learn of to use the computer programs.
Excellent course for beginners and i learned so many aspects of creativity
This course served as my starting point in graphic design, which is better
A decent course, but flawed by student reviewers with subjective opinions.
I learned some stuff and this was one of the easier courses I have taken.
I was hoping they would taught me softwares in order to do my assignments
Very helpful, I love it!It would have been 5 stars if it had been longer.
I love the way classes were teached and the content was smooth an clear.
it was ok. but very basic. It will be a great course for the biggeners
Assignments could be more fun and hard but the course was very good.
This course did a good job at teaching the basics of graphic design
Good explanations and great tasks to accomplish.  Really didactic.
Good information, short videos and lots of exercises.  Well done.
Good course to get knowledge about the basics of Graphic Design.
Very well conceived and useful! A great intro to Graphic Design.
Very interesting and useful, especially for a beginner like me.
It is a great course to start your journey if being a designer.
Good! The explanations and the process was really interesting!
I learn a lot about graphic design and I'm eager to learn more
The course is a awesome start in graphic design.Give it a try
IT's a nice introduction into the design world. I enjoyed it.
The professor is great. That is the best part of this course.
Great entry level course!  Big thanks to Michael Worthington!
Good for beginners. Do all assignments even if its optional.
IT IS A GOOD BASIC COURSE IN DESIGN, NICE FOR EXPERIMENTING.
I think it was little quick but its ok. I like this course.
lacked clarity at times but nice overview of graphic design
It was a great time to learn what creativity means indeed.
Course is pretty good. But I like it to be a bit advance.
Quite Interactive and cooperative.. Thank you Coursera...
Very Useful Information. Finished in 24hrs. (Zombie Mode)
It’s a really great beginning. It has great assignments.
great intro to the fundamentals with enjoyable exercises
Good course and exercises to understand the foundations.
Pretty good and well explained for learning the basics!
A fine exposure to relevant graphic design vocabulary.
A lot of interesting information but little practice.
I liked the fundamentals of graphic design very much.
It was very informational and I enjoyed every class!
Enjoyed this course. Very practical and imaginative.
Great course to learn some basics of graphic design.
Very basic information but a good beginner's course.
Very good to understand the basics of graphic design
Really gave me a first insight into graphic design.
A good course to get the basics of Graphic Design.
i learn few in this lockdown period and thank you
The students need more contacts with professors.
Its taught very nicely and its an eye opener. :)
Notes made available would have been very handy.
Loved the way it was taught! Thank u so much!!!
amazing course for understanding graphic design
A broad and well made start in graphic design.
An interesting fundamentals class. Thank you.
Nice introduction to this fascinating world.
Simple, easy to follow along and understand!
Good way to start in Graphic Design's World
An enjoyable introduction to Graphic Design
Videos explain very well all the contents.
It's the most fun course I've ever done
Simple and clear enough for beginners.
Some teacher reviews are much needed!
Good basic introduction to the topic.
Nice class. Quite inspiring at times.
Very nice course for online learner
It was helpful, but a bit boring :)
Good introduction to graphic design
Very basic but important knowledge.
WELL TAUGHT AND VERY INFORMATIONAL
great learning with new experience
also, some add software knowledge.
if suggested tools would be great
Nice learning and happy learning
Sums up the basics very clearly!
it will really help me in future
very helpfull and instructive...
Overall it was very informative
Good explanation and very basic
Great Course for Fundamentals.
Excellent. Loved every second!
very use full on this course
Informative and well taught.
it is very good for beginer
Great Course for begginers
Great foundational course.
great introductory course!
Good Knowledgeable course.
Amazing for basic studies
Great, Simple and Dinamic
I enjoyed the course as a
its all perfect and good
Very Good for beginners!
Hey, that's pretty good.
had a great experience
Good experience it was
It is so useful course
perfect for begginers
Easy and Informative!
good for a beginning
it was good to learn
Very helpfull course
Good course overall
Very useful classes
It's pretty good
Good intro class
I Loved it!
Enjoyed it.
Very interesting, I liked the format. Easy to follow, nice excercises. It's actually good to cover the basics of design, even if you are not an absolute beginner, and especially if you are self taught
very good introductory course. i enjoyed the assignments, they are not overwhelming, easy to start, and the optional ones offer great opportunity to dig little deeper into graphic design fundamentals.
An ok course for beginners. A bit too basic for someone who has already had experience in design, but is great anyway cause it breaks things back down to the simplest parts to help you remember roots.
ok, i'm probably not the average student here cause i am old,... saying that i have a fine art qualification and 25 years of 'almost there' design experience to have a point of view. 'almost' being the important part of it...what this module gives you is a very firm understanding of how design works these days. the main lecturer is really good at what he does, and that's probably the most important part of any teacher-student situation. For personal reasons i committed a bit too much on this course, and i am glad to say that whether you feel like devoting  8 hours a week for it or 28 as i did, there is stuff for you to learn.although i  already knew pretty much 70% of the material, having the concepts reestablished by this teacher in such structured manner really helped me out.If we're to get sentimental, i can honestly say that i feel this module was the best thing i did this past month, cause through fine art i have been designing for the past 25 years, but this gave me the STRUCTURE to think of DESIGN in relevant terms.awesome.-do it!btw.,i've tried to be as honest as i can possibly be here, hope it helps. if it was crap i would say it's crap. but this one isn't. and of course it's up to you to fully exploit this wonderful possibility.
first i am very thankful to you to give me this opportunity to understand graphics designing in the real way . its very creative course i really learn a lot from this course . amazing . thanks a lot.
I have taken graphics coursework at a number of institutions of higher learning. I appreciate the straightforward, simplified and accessible way the information is presented in a logical and sequential format to create a foundational understanding of the essential elements of graphic design. Weeks 3 and 4 are where it really comes together. I found these lectures of such critical importance that I saved them all. For a short term course, without the more extensive commitment of a full 16-week term one might find elsewhere, if one commits the time and effort to undertake all of the assignments, I found as much value in this course as I have in more traditional programs. It's reminded me of why I love graphic design, and although it's a basic introductory course, I was excited to undertake these exercises and do it all over again. This class is worth your time, effort and attention. Thank you CalArts and Coursera!
I really enjoyed how this course was laid out. I took design in high school, but never really grasped the concepts of design until my final year. This course really added a structure to the basic things I already knew and gave me a way to understand them separately, how to use them separately and then smoosh them all together. I had great fun doing the assignments and the course work was explained in a clear and understandable way.
Loved this class! Michael is a great teacher, it is very clear that he has a lot of knowledge and i feel that he truly cares about teaching as well as his students. The exercises were perfect and gave me the basic design skills that I needed.
Great class.  I really enjoyed all of the assignments.  At times, I wish the lectures would have been a little longer so as to include more information / detail.  All and all, really enjoyed the course!
Great opportunity to practice. Encouraged to make. First time using vector design program Abode Illustrator. Was hard to listen to all Contrast Section. It would be great if there was more diversity.
This course was well thought out and clearly leads the student through the fundamentals of graphic design, creating an excellent foundation for further study. The lectures were interesting and well illustrated. The only flaw I identified was the wording of the last required exercise: Brief 4.1 I struggled to decide exactly what to do, and finally chose to use two shapes in each part of the composition, but not to limit the instances. I interpreted the directions to mean that we could use only two shapes, but that the number of instances was not limited. Other students interpreted this differently and one  student downgraded me on this point. I also had trouble reviewing the work of others for this same reason.One student even used typography and I could not review it fairly, since I did not think typographic shapes were included. In addition, that student used more than two different typographic shapes also, so if they were allowed the limit was exceeded. While most of the directions used in this course were excellent and extremely clear, this one caused some confusion. I teach EFL to Chinese students, so this will make me even more aware of my own wording of directions. Thank you.
As someone who has not really practised art or design in 20+ years, I found the course excellent. It introduces fairly basic concepts - shape, colour, patterns, composition, typeface etc. which may seem obvious, but they are the building blocks of design and it was beneficial to give thought to these things which we may take for granted ordinarily. I would generally say that I struggle with creative block and I found the course incredibly beneficial in this regard. It is not intimidating at all - the concepts are simple and you encouraged from the very beginning to just create and worry about finessing the results later. It's not a question of quantity instead of quality, but reinforcing that we learn through process, trial and error, practice and experimentation. This was a valuable lesson for me (I get stifled by the desire to get things right!)The course has definitely built my skills and confidence. It's a good grounding for further study and with some additional time and energy I have come away with a number of designs that I would be happy to put into a portfolio.
Thank you for the course!I refreshed something I had learned by myself before, learned some absolutely new stuff and learned some more about things I only heard about before. Videos are very nice and the text is super easy to understand and the teacher's voice is very appealing. There are two things that I want to notice. First of all, I would like this course to be more informative. All weekly videos and tasks can be watched and done in one day now. Give us more videos, more information, let's go deeper! The second thing is that peer reviews seemed ineffective to me. Yeah, on the one hand, that's a real feedback from real people who are not your parents or friends so you can be judged objectively. On the other hand, I'd want to know teacher's opinion, I mean, feedback from someone who has a great experience in design. Personally, I didn't get anything but good marks and good words from my peers, though I believe there are things to improve, I just need someone who can point at them.
this course has given me the best information about the basics of Graphic design, and i am delighted for finishing this course, looking forward to building upon the basics obtained from this course!!
This was a great course for expanding the way I thought about making, communicating with, and looking at graphic images.At times I was frustrated because I did not know how to easily do certain things with the programs I was using, but I reminded myself that this was not a class on how to use Photoshop or Illustrator. If you are looking to learn about actually using programs, look elsewhere, but if you are looking to build a strong basis for thinking about creating images, this is a great resource.The course work and necessary time input is flexible - if you are stretched for time you can still complete this course, and if you have a lot of time you can get a lot more out of it. Either way, a lot of the learning from this work is dependent on how much effort you put it.
Excellent course to learn and refresh about fundamentals of design....It applies to all spheres of MULTIMEDIA..Highly recommended... As a suggestion course and notes should be available in PDF format.
This course is really helpful for understanding the objective of the graphic design.
I've enjoyed this course so much! I nearly quit it before properly starting, because the first video seemed very uninteresting. Also, the material covered seemed very basic and common sense. And I guess a lot of it is, but to discuss these basic concepts, and experiment with them is very valuable. It also made me very excited about designing. In this course, it's up to the student to decide how much they want to put into the course, and therefore how much they will get out of it. Lots of the assignments are optional. However, all (but one) exercise really helped me explore the concepts explained.  It's a clear course. It's a very basic course. Get ready to get hands on.
Great overview of graphic design. It takes you into the basics of different aspects of graphic design, and lets you play around with the exercises. You have the option to go deeper with non-graded exercises. The hands on exercises were quite valuable. One recommendation I would have for the course organizers, is to give people a course or section about graphic design tools and how to use them. At least an overview of what's available and how it's used. There were a lot of people new to this and it would have definitely helped them to know some tools.
"Fundamentals of Graphic Design" this course is crucial if you want to learn graphic design. Each lecture is perfect, great job from instructor Michael Worthington, I had a great experience, for me, maybe week one can feel a bit light or slow but it's fine, it sets a mood and creates an atmosphere. Every lecture and assignment is worth it,  in my opinion, what you will learn here you will use it trough out all your Graphic Design career.
This course definitely gave me more than I expected even though my expectations was high. Every aspect of the course is well designed and well implemented. Structure of the course is perfect for you to stay interested and learning fast. Video lessons provide very clear explanation of course's material, music and motion design in the videos create a great vibe. I learned in this course not only some specific design skills, but realized even more important things: first of all, I'm really sure about my ability to design; second of all, I understand general creative process much better. I can recommend this course for anyone in creative fields (and maybe not only in creative fields), cause it teaches you how to generate and iterate any kind of ideas and apply them to reach your creative goals. Personally, I'm a musician also and I never could make such a great music as I could now, after course's completion, because lessons it gave me is easy to transfer to other activities.
I really enjoyed this course, it really sparked my creativity and enhanced my knowledge about graphic design and it's core fundamentals, I had fun doing the assignments, especially the ones in the 1st week. The instructor is very thorough and breaks down every aspect of graphic design fundamentals in a simple, understandable and also applicable way. I may have had a bit of hiccups due to some difficulties in comprehending the requirements in some assignments, whether if I was allowed to do certain things or not, and more specifically if what I understood was right, I wished there were more elaborations in a kind (Maybe a sample of how the end results should look like : arrangements of pages & such, so students would know if they got it right and also simulate it if they weren't sure) but I managed to understand & get it done. Overall this is an amazing intro into the world of graphic design.
Excellent course! I've taken other courses on Coursera, and this one really stood out in the way the information was structured and presented. It felt very professional, well thought out, and I really learned a lot. I highly recommend the optional assignments, I think without them you won't learn as much and the information won't stick. Iteration and generation really is key to learning a new skill. I would recommend at least a little bit of prior knowledge with Adobe Illustrator/InDesign (or their free alternatives -- the course gives you links to these), because knowing a little bit about these tools helped me to be able to complete many of the assignments without the added headache of learning how to use the program itself. And, if you are serious about graphic design, you will end up using these tools as you move forward, anyway.
This is one of the best courses you can take if you want to get started as a graphic designer. I've been working as a graphic designer for many years but I had only learned the technicalities and software, never the principles or foundations and only worked with my sense and feeling for them. This course basically solved my problem as it's focus is exactly that: the foundations and principles of graphic design. The main components of image, design terminology, approaching design, experimenting and exploring the different aspects of design. I honestly though this course would be too simple but despite being about the fundamentals it provides some of the most essential knowledge you can have as a designer and it does it in a clear, non-complicated way (Thanks to Mr. Worthington's calm and clear approach). I am glad I signed up for it!
The course is basically the reason I decided to sign up to Coursera in the first place. It gives a good introduction into graphic design. Instead of focusing on projects and tutorials on how to use design programs like inDesign, Illustrator and Photoshop - the course gives a good theoretical background into graphic design than no other courses offer online. You will be encouraged to use various media to create your artwork, instead of going through a boring video which expects you to copy whatever the person on the screen is doing while learning nothing about the process. I really enjoyed this and recommend it to anyone who can handle the applications on their own, and needs a good theory and background into design, creation process and similar ideas.
Very rewarding, with easy to understand but comprehensive lectures and optional exercises that can be done with each sub-section of the lecture. These exercises were interesting, relevant and challenging. It was also educational to do the peer reviews and see how other students approached the assignments. The instructions for assignments perhaps could be broken into bullet points, as sometimes they were perhaps not fully understood on the optional exercises. Some guidelines to help give more substantial or constructive feedback (beyond "This met the assignment criteria" or "I liked #3") could be helpful.I'm very glad I did this course, and I was thoroughly engrossed in the exercises. It was sad when the course ended. :-)
The course responded very well to my expectations. It outlines and analyze all the elements and strongly prompts you to think about design making and to ponder each component of it. And it makes you work!! I learned a lot, technically, by myself, having to submit assignments. Looking at the materials I made, I almost cannot believe I did it by myself. The only thing: I wish I had more time to work on it and, perhaps, if the students knew since the very beginning they will finally make use of each assignment to create a very final one, they would probably consider this when choosing objects, styles, techniques. But maybe this is stated since the beginning and I did not realize that. Anyway, absolutely worthy.
Excelente course! I graduated in Advertising and Audiovisual, but I'm algo a motion graphics designer freelancer. This course was an inspitation for me. And due to my schedule, it was very accessible and convinient at this point in my life. I've tried other courses online, but in this one I felt I could actually put the exercises in practice and learn by doing as the design area suggests. Another thing I found interesting was the variety of people, skills, tecniques, knowledge I got in touch. This plattaform is very democratic and for this area this is very very interesting. I'm satisfied and I plan to continue on the next modules. The course deliver everything it says. Thanks you, CalArts.
The course is simply amazing. Prepare to do a lot of hands on work, and use your creativity. The instructor gives hands on work that is really fun to do, and you end up with the knowledge and the skills to actually make a good poster, especially if you do the bonus assignments, which are really nice.I must note, though, that it is very useful to know how to use computer programs to arrange files and text. I used Adobe Illustrator (like the instructor) and Pages, but basic knowledge of Microsoft Powerpoint or similar is enough, as you will scan hand-drawn pictures and put them in, arrange them, then export them as PDFs. Considering you are on this website, I'd say you are ready! Start ASAP!
First of all I will like you to thank you to Coursera Team for accepting my Financial Aid request for this course and letting me complete it without paying anything. Now coming to the course I have learned many things about graphics designing like what is Denotation image, different kind of image-making technique, color management, and in the last week of the course about the contrast was very interesting. I liked the way they have taken all the exams throughout the course. In the end, I will suggest everyone who is willing to learn deeply about Graphics Designing to take this course and get an extra skillset in your CV. Thank you very much, Coursera Team for all the support.
Loving this course! It has a really nice pace. I always prefer shorter videos cause then I can divide the week up and not have to find hours to do it all at the same time. Also it is easier to think along (I am doing it as an after work extra activity). Probably a lot of things are basics but this was exactly what I was looking for. Also the system of mandatory and optional tasks is really nice cause people can choose how deep they want to go. I have skipped optional things cause I do not want to design myself, more work better together with the designers but I might change my mind during the next course cause I am definitely taking the hole spezialisation!
Really loved the course and learned a lot. I am a beginner and after enrolling into this course, I gained so much knowledge about graphic designing. The course content is easy to understand and it prompt us to complete the assignments which I think is really helpful. We can apply and implement our ideas and knowledge on these assignments and make design in our own way. The best way to learn graphic design is to make graphic design. Reviewing peers work and getting peers feedback in return was also an amazing thing in this course. I enjoyed learning and really excited about the other courses in graphic design specialization I am enrolled in.
Very well organized course, with interesting topics and assignments. I took it as a free course and was very grateful for all the good information and practice was available.  Many of the other students were very talented and it was fun to see their work during Peer Review. The 2 only criticisms are that  (1) I wish they had recommended good, free software for completing the assignments.  I ended up doing the 2 required assignments in an outdated version of MSWord, but managed to make that work, though it was time consuming.  And (2), I never figured out how to request reviews of my work except as a "reply" to another post.
I really liked this short course. Having not been exposed to any kind of arts classes before (not since elementary school anyway), I felt this instructor explained things in a way (and used examples as he explained) that I could understand. It got me to appreciate just how much you can do just by changing simple things like typeface and size. This class got me doing stuff that I hadn't done in a long time, like painting with water colors. It was not a complicated or challenging class, but it was a very good introduction, which is what I think it was intended to be. It was approachable and it inspires further exploration.
I'm fully satisfied with all course.I was able to systematize all existing knowledge about graphic design and also fill some "holes" in basics of creating graphics, especially I'm very gratefull for lesson about typography (it has always been my Achilles' heel :) ).All assigments are very interesting, I got a lot of fun considering what I will do for each of them and also enjoyed whole process then. This course is highly recomended for all, who wants to start in graphic design industry and for those, who already experienced in it, but also needs to put in order existing experience in appropriate form.Thank you!
I loved the content. I loved that you get a lot of relevant info packed in short videos, the content doesn't make you feel overwhelmed. If you are an artist or designer sometimes you can feel like you "already know" some of the things your watching, I like to think that it is important not to skip the content, sometimes it can help you refresh some of the knowledge you have. IMPORTANT: This is NOT a course to learn how to use any design program ( Illustrator, In design, Photoshop etc), they explain that at the beginning. This is a course to help you understand the essence of design and its creative process.
Calarts Faculty, School of Art - Program in Graphic Design, Michael Worthington teach you the fundamentals of graphic design the theoretical side of it.  He dissects the parts in easy to understand manner. The project assignment keeps you busy and of course the best way to learn is to get your ideas flowing and create something within the perspective of graphics design. I definitely recommend this course if you want to understand graphic design. By the way the instructors of this Graphic Specialization Course is all professional faculty member with years of experience both academe and corporate.
The course and the professor are excellent! If you are a beginner, like me; there is no better place to start your journey. My only gripe is the student reviews. Sometimes the commentaries are thoughtful and help you, and others, just a waste of time. The same goes for the works I reviewed. Some students put time and effort to complete an assignment, and others, they just put anything down to get it out of the way. The same as in life, I guess. You'll get out of this class as much as the effort you put in. Once again, the course and professor are outstanding! Many thanks to Cal Arts!
This is a great course for getting into art in general. A lot of the course is very cursory and never goes too far into detail like some classes do, which can be overwhelming.The structure of required vs optional assignments was great, allowing you to choose where you'd like to practice more or even just additionally be able to continue (whereas some people cannot).I would highly recommend this course to everyone. I look forward to continuing the entire specialization when I have more time. Until a couple of months from now, CalArts - you have made me a happy student!
This course is a perfect beginner's course about graphic design. It tackled and explained the basics in the simplest manner. It also provided exercises that made me understand the theories more. The videos and audio and visual aids are very clear, as well as the sample outputs. This course has definitely encouraged me to look closely on the fundamentals on graphic design, how they work as a single unit and how they can go together to make a pleasing and informative piece. My gratitude to CalArts and Michael Worthington, the instructor for providing this course.
The course was very cool. If you have already studied anything design-related, the content might be too basic and might look boarded in a rather shallow way. However, if you are new to the topic, I think the course is the perfect introduction to how the design process works and also, to the specialization (if you are interested in that). Additionally, the assignments offer a great chance to practice every concept reviewed in the videos, so that even a person who knows those things, but is a little rusty on the whole practice side, might benefit from the course.
This is a really beneficial course to wrap your head around terminology. While some may be review or feel like "yeah, duh" ideas in terms of the uses of contrast and space, for any novices or amateurs looking to better their skills, or anybody exploring graphic design from its roots, it's a necessary jumping off point. The only thing I'd add is a module on software, both to explain what software is being used for the demo, and what options are out there for beginners, including open source software, to make the course as affordable and accessible as possible.
Initially thanks to Coursera, CalArts and Professor Michael Worthington for the partnership. The course is excellent, are initial foundations that open the vision for the universe of graphic design. I believe this is a fundamental step towards building a good designer. I recommend.Pt-BrInicialmente obrigado ao Coursera, CalArts e professor Michael Worthington pela parceria. O curso é excelente, são fundamentos iniciais que abrem a visão para o universo do design gráfico. Acredito que essa é etapa fundamental para a construção de um bom designer. Recomendo.
Fundamentals of Graphic design was such a good heads start for me in design. I started designing 2 years ago but little did i know i was doing it the wrong way all the while. Taking this course, I've been exposed to right design thinking and the basics of design. The exercises, peer graded assignments and quizzes have all played major roles in fine tuning my design basic knowledge. I look forward to taking subsequent courses in the specialization as this has triggered my zeal to horn my creative abilities. Great teachers! Great team!  Thank you!
I have greatly enjoyed learning from our teacher Michael Worthington who has a very simple yet succinct way of explaining the fundamentals of graphic designing that I felt I already knew about and oh boy was I wrong! I had been a painting student and though Bauhaus did apply the same fundamentals on all craetive strains yet the Graphic play viz-a-vis painting still felt somehow different. And it felt like fun. I loved every single minute of it. Looking forward to doing a few assignments left in week 4.Thank you Coursera and Thank you CalArts :)
The best Learning experience and the best Mentor I have ever seen. This course provides more than what one can expect. I have been doing graphic related jobs for the last 10 years but things which I have learned here change my perception all together towards making an aesthetical and functional piece of Graphic Design. I would recommend this course to anyone who likes to make his/her carrier in the design industry. I'm really thankful to the Coursera Team and faculty of CalArts for making such an incredible and excellent course. Thanks.
I really enjoyed this course as it made me stop and take the time to not only make art but to have fun with it. This course made me think about different ways to blend art and text the different elements within a typeface and font. I learned a lot of new and important things to consider regarding graphic design and I really enjoyed the instructors way of teaching. Thank you for taking the time to make courses like this so easily available to individuals like me who do not have the time or funds for traveling to a formal college.
WONDERFUL LEARNING ,SIMPLE ANY EASY WAY TO LEARN, PRACTICAL ASSIGNMENTS HELPED IN PRACTICAL SKILL DEVELOPMENT FOR THE COURSE,PEER GRADING HELPED IN UNDERSTANDING DIFFERENT IDEAS OF STUDENTS AND THEIR THOUGHT PROCESS,INDEED A BEAUTIFUL COURSE ,THANK YOU VERY MUCH SIR MICHAEL WORTHINGTON ,YOUR GUIDANCE AND TEACHING HELPED ME TO LEARN FUNDAMENTALS OF GRAPHIC DESIGN IN AN EASY WAY.THANK YOU COURSERA COURSE AND BOMBAY TEACHER'S TRAINING COLLEGE FOR GIVING ME THE OPPORTUNITY TO LEARN AND DEVELOP MY SKILLS ,DIVINE GRATITUDE TO ALL.
This is my first (and for sure not last) course in this website. I always thought that online courses this is a big crap and nothing serious. I was wrong. I learnt a lot in this time with "fndamentals of graphic design" course. I am really surprised about another students - they were evaluating with being honest and pointing what was to improve in homeworks from tasks which we got. Also I got a lot of inspirations from another points of view on simple tasks:)Best regards for creator of this course, my journey just began.
I just want to say thanks to Coursera for allowing me to take the course.Thank you for offering financial assistance.Thanks to the California Institute of the Arts for offering the course.Thanks to Professor Michael Worthington, for teaching the classes and giving of his time and knowledge to learn about the fundamentals of graphic design.Thank you all the colleagues who review the tasks and are part of the fact that we can give feedback, and be able to finish our activities. Delighted with the course!Many blessings!
Very practical and enjoyable introduction to graphic design. It condenses a lot of content in an approachable and diversified way so it's useful to learn a lot in little time. It's also encouraging to put all the concepts taught into practice with various media, with its balance between technique and talent. I like the instructor's way to express the importance of relying on the idea over difficulty. Among the MOOCs I've taken on art topics, this one stands out as one of the most clarifying and fulfilling.
I want to give many thanks for being given this wholesome opportunity to spend my time meaningfully during this most difficult time!  This course has taught me to broaden my perspectives and horizons in the fine arts, with graphic design also being the tip of an even bigger mountain to be scaled.  A big heartfelt thank you to the main instructor (Michael Worthington) and many others who worked behind the scenes to create this engaging, colourful course which took me four days to complete.  Worth it!  ;-)
This was an amazing course with a very talented and engaging instructor. I suffer from a chronic illness and have recently had to put an unrelated university degree on hold. It honestly felt like my life was falling to pieces. If this course is any indication of what's to come, I have full hopes of being able to start a successful business from home, allowing me to work with my illness and not against it like I was doing before. Thank you Coursera for opening my life back up to possibilities again.
I guess this is one of the very few courses available online in graphic design from a reputed institute. It is a great  course for a beginner to get started off with. The course content was optimum for a beginner and useful information was provided in all sections. It is definitely a good course to get you thinking in the direction of graphic design and help identify your areas of  interest within the domain. I am grateful to Coursera, Calarts and Prof. Worthington for giving me this opportunity.
I really like that course. Instructors were very good. I always heard good things about calarts. And know I understood that everything was true. Really good school, really good instructors and really good assignments for improving ourselves in a better way. As they said in the course, Graphic design is learned by design. And we made a lot of design assignments in that course. And we review our friends and get feedbacks from our friends, it was really helpful. I suggest calarts and their courses.
The Course of Fundamentals of Graphic Design has been created in a precise way throwing light on the important topics of Basic Design elemental study, Color theory, Typography and Design composition, making it interesting and simple to understand by a layman.      Professor Worthington has done a marvelous job and has been able to translate the Graphic design understanding and terminology through his videos. This was my first course from Cousera and I feel privileged.Thank YouMrunal Sinha, India
I like the course, not knowing anything I've learned a lot. Learning that objects and letters can trigger emotions and feelings, learning the typefaces, the colouring, the playing with shapes, was very educative and interesting for me. I have never worked in Photoshop or any other photo editor so I had to learn part of that as well. This course was A+ and I thing that with the basics now I can start exploring for more and also now I see things and surrounding with second pair of eyes.
Excellent course! I find this Fundamentals of Graphic Design very useful for everyone not just designer. It does not only provide me with very basic yet very useful knowledge of graphic design but also helped me greatly in practicing certain skills that I never thought I would have. The assignments and all peer-review sessions are quite challenging too though the video sessions with the teachers always sound very  easy to understand. I love this challenge anyway. Strongly recommended.
I really like of this course, because I'm not from the Area of Design or take classes about it, but it is something that I always enjoy to work (most, in school works).I learned, in general, the basics about the Design (terms, practical exercises),which gives me other perspective of my previous knowledge and confirms that this is something that will continue to work as a hobby  or, perhaps, something more professional at the future.Congratulations, Professor Michael Worthington :)
This Course Exceeded expectations, it is very comfortable to study online. this is my first experience to take online course, also what i like mostly is that  every videos have  subtitle it is realy owesom. also you can make your notes, also assigments is realy interesting to have a practise, when you check your classmate works it is also good experience too see what they do, and ask them recomendations, also they give you recomendations, it is realy comfortable and good course.
A thoroughly inspiring, empowering, exciting, and enjoyable course.During the course, I found myself wanting to rush on to the next part because I was delighted to find answers to questions I've had for years and other pearls of wisdom, but on the other hand I also wanted to linger and revel in the process of making.I most heartily recommend this course to anyone looking to start out in graphic design, or who, like me, enjoys hobbies such as card making and creative embroidery.
I really enjoyed this class. The lectures were very well done and I learned a lot about design that I had not thought about before. I love the optional and required projects. I was inspired to be creative again, which was a nice surprise. I think the final project could have been a bit more challenging/creative similar to the first project. Maybe there could have been one more image, so 7 total, that could have been included and allowed us to be more creative and go crazy.
This is a great fist step for anyone who is looking to come into Graphic Design with no prior knowledge or perhaps for those who need a refresher to start thinking creatively. Micheal does a fabulous job of explaining thoroughly, clearly and communicates everything in a manner which is easy to understand for everyone but also makes the student start thinking creatively, like a designer. Highly recommended course as a foundation for anything in the creative industries.
I found the course very useful and enjoyed its creative "hands on" part a lot. The course is also remarkably well-conceived didactically: Michael has an ability to explain in a few minutes' video stuff that takes dozens of pages elsewhere. I also especially enjoyed his typographic excursion (to be honest, it gave me more that the whole course 2 about typography) and the additional video where he explains how you can expressively crop a photo. Thanks a lot, Michael!
I really enjoyed the course, it has a good balance of conceptual input and practical exercises. I got a clear overview of design principles and enjoyed the practical exercises very much. I liked how the instructor emphasized the importance of the process rather than the output. That helped me build confidence in my progress. The peer feedback was positive although a bit short some times. Looking forward to continue with the other courses in the specialization
I enjoyed my time in this course. Michael is a great instructor and he breaks down the concepts in the course effectively. Though it's an online course, I appreciate the fact that the faculty are always just a message away. Whenever I ran into issues and contacted them, they replied within a short time! I also enjoyed the peer-review aspect of some of the assignments as they helped me strengthen my critique skills and were an additional opportunity to learn.
I loved this course! I have been a graphic designer for 2 and a half years but I felt like I'm not as creative as I used to be and even started to question if I should be a graphic designer. This course made me be excited about designing again and it was so useful to refresh my memory on basic rules of design. Hearing positive feedback from my peer students on my assignments was definitely a confidence boost. One of the best courses I have taken. Thank you!
Absolutely brilliant! I loved the way this course was conducted. The method through which the basics were explained and also the involvement of Alumni in the videos was brilliant. Each topic is precise, to the point, and helped me understand the concepts in a clear and concise manner.Taking this course was one of the best decisions I made. I loved the assignments and it was really nice interacting with peers through the forums. A game-changer, this course.
I audited this course. I have been doing graphic design as a self-taught designer for years. While I didn't learn 'how' to do anything new in this course, I learned the correct terms for things I do, and the principals of design.  I learned WHY things "just work" particular ways, and will be better able to explain design decisions to clients.  All I could ever say was "it looks best that way".  This has definitely take my skill level a notch higher.
I really enjoyed learning about many aspects of visual composition.  The teacher has planned this course well and is able to help even those of us who are not great artists discover and begin to understand the elements of design.  I'm grateful to the teacher for all the effort he put in to organizing the information in a wonderfully sequential learning experience.  Thank you!  I now appreciate art and graphic design in a way I never did before.
I loved this course. It really sparked my creativity. An amazing jumpstart into Graphic Design, the basics, the first compositions. It helped me getting a feel for Graphic Design, but also resulted in getting me hyped and intrigued, too. Michael Worthington is an amazing sparring partner for the beginning of a new creative start :-) I can really recommend this class to everyone who's in need of inspiration, techniques and creative ideas.
I enjoyed taking the Fundamentals of Graphic Design class...it was fun & I learned a lot more than I expected. This class will help me to continue my path in graphic design. I'm glad we learned how to design business cards as well as a poster and to create our own original designs.  I give this class an A+ ...the instructor is excited about graphic design and gives a practical summary in his videos. Very creative and interesting class!
The course provides just what it promises. Each module presents a set of concepts or theories are foundational to graphic design.  These come to life in the lectures with many real world examples.  The design assignments don't work toward a single fixed solution, but ask the student to explore many possible solutions -- a training in divergent thinking and creativity.  I am looking forward to the other courses in this specialization.
I always loved design so everything that has do to with it gets me exited. This course is great introduction to it, and its great to get your hands "dirty" and get the creativity flowing. Very easy to follow, with great instructions and examples. I recommend to everyone with a taste for design, if your're only starting it's very fun and easy to follow, if you're experience it's a reminder that design can be created from everything.
I really liked this course, I think it has broadened my mind to a whole world that my heart and my intellect were expecting for so long. I enjoyed every single part, from the classes to the activities. The only think I would add at some point (maybe towards the end), would be an expert's feedback so we can challenge ourselves a little bit more. I would really recommend it and of course, I will keep going with the specialization.
As the course says, it is a fundamentals course and offers insights into the basics to get started in the field of Graphic design. This is an excellent beginner course which talks about concepts at core, to  make you think more properly about what Graphic design is, different elements and aspects, how one can take inspirations from common objects around and opening up your  mind for complex things. Will recommend this highly.
Even if you have some experience with design, then anyway this course will help to learn or consolidate your knowledge! Very interesting and easy to follow. At the beginning of the course, the teacher said the phrase “I want you to get your hands dirty” so that everyone will try their best at actually creating. It really brought a lot of benefits and a pleasant pastime over creating and developing each and every task!
Amazing Course! I loved every minute of it. The videos are well done, helpful to understand the process and a big part of understanding each element. The practice exercises are a great way to apply what I learned. Leaving Feedback on my peer's work was also very helpful. It forced my mind to analyze the design in ways I was not used to. I've am excited to keep on learning.I would recommend this course to everyone!
The course is useful for beginner to explore the creatively in working on graphic design. This is the fundamental course that all students in any field of studying should take in order to enhance their regular designing since sense of having good image is essential is the future. However, it would be more nice if the course has more preparation material like powerpoint or doc that we could review or practice.
Thanks for a very interesting course Fundamentals of Graphic Design. Information is broken into small pieces and it is very convenient. All the information that you provided was important and necessary. I did not hear anything superfluous or unnecessary. I easily managed to complete my homework. Your team perfectly thought out the program of this course! Thanks to all!  (Sorry for possible grammatical errors)
Just finished the course, and it's been a blast. Not what I expected maybe, but definitely what I needed to get to the core foundations of graphic design. It helped me understand graphic design principles & "science". I got to build on my skills and creativity with exciting accessible exercises. And now, I know where to look next to go forward on my learning journey! Thanks CalArts and Michael Worthington :)
For someone who has always been a little bit afraid of Graphic Design for lack of completely knowing what it was about, this was a great course to tackle those fears while really understanding that to start entering the world of Graphic Design the only thing one needs is taking the time to learn the basic concepts, try thinking about them and then apply them. Thanks for a really great and eye-opening course.
The content of this course is really crisp and clear . Good examples are used to explain the concepts.  This course has really made me believe that i have a hidden sense of art and creativity. I have learned to use various tools to learn and practice typography, sketching, water color art, logo and pattern making. I would highly recommend this course to people who wants to learn the basic of graphic design.
This course is a great starter to Graphic Design and its basic principles. The tutorials are clear, well paced and effective. The assignments are an opportunity to manipulate those principles and to create composition with much depth and control. I definitely recommend this course to novice and to intermediate that need to strengthen their skills. Peers reviews are also important so everyone can be active.
Great instruction with plenty of practice.  I got a good start on my very first graphic design portfolio.  This course gave me the perfect introduction to graphic design and left me with the desire to continue.  I just recently have become more interested in art and design.  It might be a little late in life for me but I am a lifelong learner.  I want to learn more about this fascinating artistic concept.
Professor Worthington's videos were absolutely fantastic! I took this class seeking refuge from the disorganization and disappointment of a competitor's course. Now I wish I had come here first, like I intended in the first place. This course does such a great job of explaining theory while also giving plenty of opportunity to put that learning into action. It's really got me thinking like a designer now!
I enjoyed this so much that I'm going to do more courses. It was presented extremely well and the way the content flowed made it easy for me to follow along. At first I didn't bother submitting assignments, but when I got into it more I went back through them all again and decided to submit them because it all became so much FUN. No hard work here - just pure joy in learning and experimenting. Thank you.
Excellent course for beginners or people who are just experimenting with Graphic Design. The instructor is clear and concise and the assignments are interesting. In peer-assignments same person might evaluate all of your assignments which kind of defeats the point  which, I think, is variety of opinions. That can also get irritating/discouraging if the reviewer does not care to leave useful feedback.
This course allows students to 'get in touch' with some of the basic Graphic Design concepts. I liked assignments a lot, especially because they provided guidelines, but did not very limit what you can submit, and also reviews from peers were very helpful.I am not sure if those with experience will enjoy this course, as it is very basic and minimal, but maybe reviewing a base theory could be useful.
Fantastic course, gives a concise yet specific survey of all the basic graphic design skills you will need, presented in such an interesting and fun manner and at the perfect pace for beginners and more skilled designers alike.  Thank you to Dr. Worthington and CalArts for creating this course and making it available to students worldwide who aren't able to relocate to Southern California just yet.
Loved the course - informative and thoughtful. It was quite evident that a lot of effort was put into making this course accessible and understandable by everyone, regardless of previous experience. However, I would have wished for more hands-on assignments to be compulsory/required - I believe every graphic designer-to-be should have more practical activities and get encouraged to complete them.
This class is amazing! It's very easy to follow for people like me who have absolutely no experience with Graphic Design. I like how they break it down into small segments and then go through it until it makes sense and comes together. I plan on taking the entire Specialization because i'm so excited to learn all there is to learn about Graphic Design and really use this for a career change.
I am a Communications professional based in Nairobi, Kenya and have repeatedly seen the importance of the role of graphic design within my department at work. This, coupled with an interest in design, led me to sign up for the course. Getting an introduction to some of the theoretical aspects in this course was extremely worthwhile. I look forward to completing the specialisation. Thank you!
I really appreciated the hands-on nature of this course, I think it helped me to learn the material better. The assignments in this course were very challenging, and great opportunities for putting everything we learned in the lectures into practice. The lectures had a lot of concrete examples to clearly demonstrate the ideas being presented, and ideas for how to complete the assignments.
The lessons are very well planned, small and compact yet informational. The design of the videos is superb. It encourages you to focus on the narrative and never distracts from it. I enjoyed taking it and plan to follow up with the other courses in this specialization. I do wish I could do the last project as well, even if I couldn't submit it for grading as I have taken the free course.
The class It's really clear and simple. Every week you can put the information to work on the assignments, that in my case made me put my creativity out there, have fun, discover my abilities and create really cool stuff. I learned with the recommendations of my classmates and I also learned by review them. I feel I learned a lot on a few weeks.I really loved this class, very, very much!
Great basic overview for anyone new to the field and keen to learn. Perhaps a bit easy if you have prior design experience - this course was fantastic for beginners. The marked and optional assignments gave a good practical experience to learn how to use design programs, while the informative videos explained the history and background theory of what works. Really enjoyed this course!
This class takes you through all the basics of graphic design (type, shapes, colour, composition), perfect for beginners! All the assignments help you to understand the concepts as "you can get better at graphic design only by making graphic design" :) I hope there will be a specialization with advanced levels as well as I would very much like to learn more! Thank you for this class!
Consider me a person without any knowledge of designing. In the midway of this course, I started observing with multiple perspectives. I started visualizing things in a way i can use them in designs. I really love this course as it has changed my ability of processing images in my brain. I feel confident of making simple designs but with precision. Highly recommend it to everyone.
Very helpful and inspiring! For a deeper and joyful experience, I recommend to do both graduated and optional assignments. I was very pleased with one idea that seems to me very important - do not be afraid and experiment, because the fear of failure fetters and prevents us from learning and creating! Thank you Michael Worthington and all the course's creators from all my heart!
Great introduction into the topic. Makes you start to conceptualize and develop and create right away to get used to the habit of being creative as well as teaching the foundation.The only negative side is there isn't any instructor feedback on assignments, which I know is to be expected but guidance on some of the briefs from an authority in the field would be very beneficial.
This course is a pretty good starting point to get in touch with many aspects of the creation and reception of graphic design. Very good mixture of theorical and practical elements.Dieser Kurs ist ein wirklich guter Ausgangspunkt für eine Annäherung an zahlreiche Aspekte der Erschaffung und Wahrnehmung von Grafikdesign. Sehr gute Mischung theoretischer und praktischer Elemente.
Based only on the preview, I believe this course approach to design is excellent. Starts from the very basic building blocks that apply to many visual branches. The originality and variety of the included examples perfectly support the explained subject. I can also appreciate the connection from this view/approach to arts.I miss the possible motivations behind design and arts.
The course has helped me learn and improve the knowledge that I still do not know much, such as week 2 about Typography, I have never known how to choose a typeface to match the nature I want to describe. This is such a wonderful experience I have. Many thank the teacher of the California Institute of the Arts and so do classmates who help me through review my assignments.
The lessons are very well done and build the content in a nice sequential way. The peer reviewed work are excellent for they encourage communication and constructive criticism between students.It may seem too simple at first but the fundamental insights you gain in this course become very noticeable when you start looking at simple design pieces around you with new eyes.
The learning process is a complete experience, full of knowledge, good videos and excellent teachers. I think is a 5 stars quality course, because of the amount of tools teachers give. Each one special and necessary. Graphic Design is about making our soul, heart and brain work together. I believe this course is a great way to get this team to complete our expectations.
It was a very helpful course. I've never had a professional education in this field except for the immense passion towards it. This course has definitely taught the fundamentals really well and in an organized manner. The teaching was very clear and easily understandable. I'm really confident about my fundamentals now. Looking forward to many more courses from CalArts.
I learned a lot about the basics of graphic design. In undergrad, I never took a graphic design course but now as a graphic designer for 5 years, I was hoping to learn the academic side of graphic design that I never got. This course was a great back-to-basics class that taught me valuable approaches and information about the different components of successful design.
It's really a great initiative on behalf of both COURSERA and CALART. Thanks a ton for facilitating such a wonderful learning opportunity for us!About Required assignments to be evaluated by peers, my suggestion is there should be a system for appeal by the CALART moderators in case some peers unjustly or out of ignorance give a poor grade to his or her fellow peers.
Ive really enjoyed this course, in fact ive never painted before. So i glad i start, i was a little bit shy to post my work for classmates review, but i understood that its only begin of Graphic Design, so i will learn a lot of interesting things and i have to work hard for that. Thanks to teachers, wish you all the best.Want continue my graphic design education.
I love this course so much, and I have learnt a lot of skills, techniques and knowledge about Graphic Design. Though some of the assignments are optional, I guess is to reduce the workload of the learners, I strongly emphasize learners to try all of them since the results won't affect the overall performance. It is a good introduction course for Graphic Design.
This was a great intro course. I had no previous experience to graphic design and it was something that has always caught my attention. This course is perfect for giving you the basics and really getting you to start designing. I was always intimidated by it and now I feel compelled to continue taking any related coursework as well as to keep creating designs!
Great course for beginners to get the basics of graphic design as well as for specialist to refresh these basics. The great advantage of the course is practical assignments that are all connected, so that in the end you will use material from previous assignments in your final one. I would make all those optional assignments obligatory, though. Great course!
I enjoyed the course.  This style of learning with peer feedback works well for me.  I am a paper crafter and my main goal is to learn more about graphic design to enhance my ability to produce better projects.  I get the sense that this specialization will provide me with the tools I need to grow in my hobby and maybe make a little money along the way.
I found this course extremely engaging and interesting. The fundamentals are basic but that's what the outline states. It's good for beginners or graphic designers who need a refresher on the basics. You can execute the course at your own pace, following the timeline or completing assignments and lectures ahead of time. I'd highly recommend this course.
Brilliant Course. It gives you a good theoretical understanding of modern graphic design. At the same time, it also gives you ample opportunity to make graphic design through its multiple peer reviewed assignments. Personally, I came out with some of my best poster works during this course as it pushed me to experiment beyond what I had done till then.
Better than most courses why? because you are forced to create things a feature i have not seen in many MOOC's. Yes there is the ocassional programming assignment (mostly consisting of prewritten code and clear rules) in which you get to create something but that is not really creating something new. That's what you are stimulated to do in this course.
This is a great opportunity to refresh and re-learn the basics of Graphic Design. It opens up the way to study further and take more lessons as it encourages the designer to explore the many aspects of a growing idea. Thank you for this free online class even during these trying times where people need to be socially distant and staying safe at home.
Thank you for an awesome course Michael! You've really made learning into an engaging and practical experience. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and learned a lot by way of pushing myself to learn new skills with digital image-making and processes. You're an excellent teacher. I thoroughly recommend this course to anyone interested in graphic design.
This course is the best option to know or review all the graphic design essentials and how to combine them to make a good piece of communication art. I really recommend this course in which you will find an excellent structured program to learn from the basic concepts all the way through the very pillars of the graphic design thinking and creation.
This course was a mind-changing for me. Before this course, I was just a copy cat and tried to make the design what others are doing. It urged me to think differently and make my own unique style and workflow. It's a wow for me. Especially, the typography which I have come across for the first time. It is really the fundamentals of graphic design.
It's a great course to start the Coursera Specialization for Graphic Design giving you a basic understanding of the principles. Depending on your own motivation, it is time consuming or not. In my opinion, it's a great course, I learned a lot and am waiting for the next one - Typography - to hopefully be able and complete the whole specialization.
Great course, awesome professor! The course is great for all, even people who currently work in graphic design. I especially recommend this course for those of us who either have no formal training/education or those of us who have been in the business so long that a refresher course just adds value to what we already accomplish on a daily basis.
Before this course I was a bit afraid of graphic design, but this course broke it down into parts I could understand.  It became less scary and more of a game of playing with shapes and text.  I feel like I got a glimpse into the language of graphic design and started to learn it. Hopefully I will grow further as I continue to take the courses.
Nice course to learn basics. The main part of the course is a practice which is great! If you want to learn something for real then be ready to spend enough time completing tasks. In general, I spent 2-3 hours on each task (there are about 2 tasks per week) and I am happy to have real results :) After the course I feel motivated to learn more.
Though I had a few basic ideas about graphic design fundamentals, this course helped me go through some organized lessons on those fundamental concepts and some more that were completely new to me. Also, the course engaged me a lot, especially through the practice exercises. And now I can concentrate on a structured approach to graphic design.
Definitely learned the fundamentals and foundation of graphic design. I came into this course with a degree in B.A. and experience in digital art. But I knew I did not learn the proper foundations and rules of graphic design. This course was indeed informative and helpful in fulfilling that gap in my knowledge. Highly recommend this course!
I had a great time doing this course. Professor Worthington covers the theory in an interesting and useful way. The lectures are short and sweet. The best part of the course is the 9 creative assignments (2 compulsory and 7 optional, but recommended) that really force you to expand your technical skill set and get out of your comfort zone.
I really enjoyed this course, I like how It is organized, I like the teacher too, I think that makes a big difference. Many times this course surprised me with things I believed obvious or things I didn't know at all. I would recommend this course to everyone interested in this subject. Thank you CalARTS and Coursera for this opportunity!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course!  I am a beginner and I like that after discussing theory, we plunged right into action with projects that squeezed our creative juices!  I only wish that I had a bit more experience using Illustrator before beginning this course.  That said, it pushed me to start learning it, concurrent with this course.
This course was amazing. It always kept me working and explore and brainstorm. It has given me a new perspective of looking at any hoarding, advertisement or business card or any typography. I would recommend that you should include more content and little deep concepts. I think this has been very basic. Thank you so much for the course.
Amazing course! it gives you insights if u're starter as well as some creative input if you're already into this field. Looking forward to continue with other courses in this specialization!Lectures and lecturers are very clear. The material is very fluent and if you pay attention you don't even have to watch it more than once!Good job!
Nice short course with the right balance of theory and practical assignments. Only two assignments are required for completion but there are several assignments that are optional and to get the full benefit of this course, the optional assignments are important, if you have the time for it. The course covers all the basics and it's fun.
This was an excellent course that was well taught and offered practical and real usable assignments. I highly recommend this course to anyone looking to learn about graphic design while learning how to apply concepts.  The professors lectures were clear concise and very well organized and gave great examples for each concept discussed.
This was a great introductory course.  I appreciated how much the lectures were chunked down--to make it easier to move through the information each week and that there was a good mixture of required and optional exercises.  I had fun!I also liked that this course did not require software such as Indesign, Illustrator, or Photoshop.
Dear Teacher, I really enjoyed the first part (module) of the Graphic Design. It was more than introduction and i really loved the practical work at the beginning. I will recommend this course further. The start is very important and that's why i decided to enroll al 5 modules. THANK YOU! Continue with you great work in the future!
If you want to be designer, get your hands dirty on the job! I really liked this course. It really showed a new perspective for making designs and I have learned new terms and concepts during the course. I would like to continue different graphic design courses in following days in Coursera. Really appreciated it. Thanks for all :)
I very much enjoyed this course. I feel like I got alot out of the student reviews and the instruction was very well done. I can't imagine feeling like one had accomplished this course without doing all the recommended exercises, so I strongly urge any participant to do them all. I will be taking all the classes in this program.
Thank you California Institute of the Arts for making this course available online. Michael Worthington is a fantastic instructor. I was glad that the course covered the basics and that it was so well structured. It did not feel overwhelming at any time. I feel encouraged to continue with the next course in this specialisation.
As this was my first course on graphic design, I WAS FASCINATED!  I learned so many things-  which our prof. made clear-and for  the first time I used the graphics and did things I had never thought I could do. Our Prof was excellent, no unanswered questions, a lot of creative work, it was really a great experienceThanks a lot!
Thank you Michael Worthington for this fun course! I loved the classes and all of the assignments we had to do, especially helps that they were peer graded. Getting these sort of insights help you make critical choices of you are as a designer and what is your personal style. Looking forward to taking up more of such courses :)
It was indeed a very pleasant experience learning the fundamentals of graphic design. I was really excited to be a part of this course and in the meantime I learned a lot of new things. And the exercises were designed so well, that no one can ever feel bored. What I liked the most about this course is, the system of reviewing.
Excellent course as others offered in this specialization. It provided me with very strong basics of graphic design. The content of the course is very practical. I highly recommend all the courses in this specialization as moving on to the next ones will provide you with very good introduction to graphic design and its rules.
I have never before had this much fun while learning something new. It actually made me look at the world around me in a different way; suddenly noticing lines, compositions, typography, colours, and more. The fact that you get to put what you have learned into practice make this course extra engaging. Great teacher as well!
Briiliant course! It gives you very solid fundamentals for all other courses of the Graphic design specialization. The teacher is very passionate, loves his subject and can make  all ideas very understandable. The course helps to believe in inner strenght and creativity. I loved it so much! Thanks for this amazing 4 weeks!
This course was very easy to follow along with, making learning the fundamentals of graphic design easy and fun. The assignments required and optional challenged both your understanding of the material and your creativity.  I loved every second of this course and I would recommend it to anyone interested in graphic design.
This was my first attempt at a MOOC, and I think I'm spoiled. This is the just right format and just right medium for learning these skills. The class demonstration videos are simple enough to really demonstrate the concepts. The exercises are also well formulated to help get the concepts across effectively in this medium.
I found the lessons very interesting. I've read lots of design books and used Photoshop and Illustrator for a while in my job (web writer / marketer / developer) and this courses bridges the gap between all the information in my head and the hard question : how to use all that in a creative way ? I really appreciate it !
I had an absolutely wonderful doing this course. I always wanted to do a graphic design course and this one sure did help me with learning all about the fundamentals of graphic design. I do hope to complete the entire specialisation later on. Great job, Coursera and CAL Arts! I look forward to your other art courses.
This is a great course for someone new to graphics designing and doesn't have a good background knowledge of design. It goes a long to explain a lot of things you see in professional design work without knowing the designer is using them. I will recommend it to anyone that wants to have good basics in graphic design
Really solid foundation - The course is definitely what you make of it though, I often times felt like a lot of my peers didn't want to give any kind of feedback that could be perceived as negative, so the peer review wasn't as helpful as I had hoped. The actual course material and the professor were extremely good.
I really, enjoyed this course. I recommend it for any new learner as well as experienced graphic designers whom need to polish the foundation of their talent. Instructor is highly skilled, sincer and, organised. Course is built around a real life project, yet, lays the scientific background in a super easy method.
I had a really great time with this course. I graduated with an Associates Degree in Graphic Design a few years ago and took this course as a refresher, but I felt like I learned almost as much in four weeks as I did in 2 years at an Art School. I wish Coursera had been around then, I might have saved some money.
A wonderful introduction to Graphic Design. If you're interested in Graphic design, this is a great course to start with. The videos have so much valuable content and the assignments are well though-out. I would recommend everyone do the optional assignments because it's where you will apply the concepts learned.
Comprehensive and informative; a good balance of breadth and depth. Instructor uses a "show, not tell" approach in his videos, which greatly aided my understanding of design principles & how to apply them. The tasks were challenging yet manageable, and effective in consolidating my skills learnt during the week.
I have been working in designing and mostly learning on my own, I always wanted to study graphic design but never really have the opportunity, I really liked the course and everything that it coveredt, it helped me to understand the basic theory behind the design and Im looking forward to take the second course.
Great way to start learning about Graphic Designing if you are a beginner or even have any level of experience in this field. This course covers all the basics which will serve as a great foundation for your future endeavour in this field. I highly recommend you all to join and take the most out of this course.
Amazing Course, such great insight and yet so simple. When I took this course I knew only the words Graphic Design and that I have to know a few creative suite softwares to learn graphic design. But this course has cleared my thoughs on the subject. A must taka course for any one wanting to learn graphic design
This course was amazing! I love the ability to work at my own pace, it allowed me to learn so fast! I went from never having used a single digital design application to being very confident in three weeks! The instructor was extremely clear and knowledgeable, the course assignments were clear cut and focused.
I had a lot of fun learning basic Design Thinking, how to approach Design, Typography, Basics of Image Making and how to ideate and visualise different shapes and forms. I would recommend this course to anyone who is looking to unlearn what they know about design or art and learn a brand new way of thinking.
i highly recommend this course for those who want to start their journey in Graphic Design and they don't know how to start. i love how the tutor tries to encourage us to experiment and try something new and not to be afraid of that. the assignments were fun and useful i am very glad for taking this course.
An excellent class that teaches you the basics of graphic design!!! Very thorough videos and exercises that get your creative mind evolving! The exercises are very fun to complete as the videos give you all the instructions needed to complete them. You will learn form, typography composition and much more!
The course is very interesting. It really teaches you the basics of Graphic Design, stimulates you to explore your creativity. I just wished our exercises were evaluated for at least one professional or more knowledgeable person instead of only our course colleagues. Overall I would highly recommend it!
Really enjoyable course that was really easy to follow. The videos are great for visual learners, with transcripts that help with note taking, and the practical assignments help you learn by doing. Would definitely recommend as a starting point for anyone wanting to get into the graphic design industry!
Very well structured, lessons were clear, concise and very engaging and interesting. You build up on the assignments little by little but the concepts are powerful I recomment doing all the optional assignments since they are very fun to make and you learn and practice a lot. Thank you for this course.
Being a self-learner in graphic design (photoshop, illustrator and so on) for more than a year, this course provided me with the necessary knowledge of design fundamentals, which I was lacking before. I am more confident to experiment and to think about my work from the theoretical perspective as well.
I found this course really useful for learning the basics of graphics design. The assignments helped me to think deeply about many of the design elements, e.g. typography, shapes, colors, textures & composition, which I don't usually do. It has given me a better understanding & appreciation of design.
Learned a lot from this course about Graphic Design. Never really thought about the diversity of this course but now I'm glad to know what Graphic Design is!. Enrol this course to get a clear understanding of how Designing is to be done to please the audience. I absolutely loved learning this course.
I learned from zero this course. I am glad that at the end I got at least a piece of knowledge in Design. This is definitely my first motivation to keep going deeper into this wonderful world of Design. congratulations to Michael Worthington to be a nice and very clear in his videos, I learned a lot.
Really enjoyed this course - very glad I saw it through to the end. Got a bit discouraged around week 3 because I don't have any experience with Illustrator or Photoshop yet, so I couldn't do those optional assignments. That's just a heads-up though, not a complaint. Would fully recommend the course.
Not so long ago i decided that I no longer wanted to practice the art of
graphic design hazily since i was self taught. I wanted to know everything about it and this course has been quite helpful. For once i can now speak fluently about the fundamentals of graphic design. Thanks to the Coursera team.
Excellent graphic design course. It has the perfect balance of content and the way it tests you is very effective and memorable. The way it is structured makes it an ideal starting point for any graphic designer, whether they already have some design experience, or if they are starting from scratch.
The peer reviews are great to take advantage of and you should definitely do the optional assignments that way you will learn the most. In some ways I don't think they should be optional and make sure to get your assignments in as early as possible otherwise you may be waiting a while for a grade.
Love the course, it was amazing, I think that starting at the fundamentals even if you have some experience, or are self-taught or talented is a must, you just learn the most obvious thing that you forgot while trying to make your designs better.I learn so much, and I recommend this one to all.
This course is excellent.  Being very informative and fun, it is a great introduction to the design process. All of the assignments are well thought out and are very interesting.  This course provides a lot of scope for learning and discovery of new techniques for image making and composition.
This was one of the most fantastic course since I got the basics of not only art but also contemporary designs. Visual Literacy and how forms, contrast, typography works and the most important aspect to think like a viewer or the viewer's perspective. I recommend this course to all my friends
To know the basic in graphic design is very important. Because a designer has not just remember but as well as think inside the box as well as outside the box. This course offer the basic idea that will give any student an understanding that will help to create a strong foundation in them.
The course was exactly what I expected. Professor Worthington made the videos quite interesting and was always to the point. The assignments were also interesting and not too much time-consuming. I'm happy I took the specialisation and I hope that the rest of the courses are as satisfying.
A super interesting and engaging entrance into the world of graphic design.  I took this at the same time as the Shaw Academy Graphic Design program.  Comparing this to Shaw Academy was night and day.  This course did everything right, and I dropped out of Shaw Academy.  Highly recommend.
The course Fundamentals of Graphic Design is excellent! I learned a lot and practiced a lot with the exercises. It is an excellent base for anyone who is starting out in professional design and for professionals who already work in this market and need to recycle their knowledge. Thank´s!
The course is very well constructed. The videos are great, the assignments push you to experience what you learn, and peers reviews give you the feedback. It teaches me a lot, and especially it makes me look at common things as a graphic designer and boost my creativity. All I wished for.
It is a really good course, but it is designed for complete beginers. I took it as a review of fundamentals and didn't learn nothing new, but I didn't have those expectations. I just wanted a pure review of things I already know. It was fun and maybe a bit too easy - even for beginers. :)
This course was enriching for not only the concepts covered but also due to the manner in which it was presented. It is evident that all professors and personnel involved in curating this course have done an exceptional job in ensuring that the fundamentals are explained in great detail.
I believe this was a great course.  I think as with many classes, you get out of it what you put into it.  If you practice and complete even the optional assignments you will have a great foundation or jumping off point for your education in graphic design.  I really enjoyed this course.
A great course! The instructor really knows how to illustrate his ideas and knowings among learners. This course gives one basic idea of what are the factors that a graphic designers has to go through when creating his works. The instructor has been really helpful throughout the course.
It would be nice to receive feedback from a teacher or moderator of the course as well, especially in the assignments that are required. Because most times the feedback given by other students was non-constructive and did not provide any insight. Comments like good work, yes, effective.
It was great to find this course, I am really grateful for your efforts and contribution to learning me how to design. It was always my life dream and I was really surprised with all of the content and the course system, assignments, quizzes and how I have developed Thank you so much
Thank you for a course! It is really useful for beginners, the only thing I felt was missing in the course was technical part- which tools to use and how to use them, but the structure and material were very interesting. I would really recommend this course. Thank you one more time!
Very good basic course on graphic design. I've learned a lot about typography, composition, image making and shapes and colours. The course is very well structured with good videos and practical examples. It's a must do course for everyone that is wanting to learn more about design,
Well structured course with in-depth video tutorials which are easy to understand. the peer-graded assignments is a very effective way to test your knowledge as well as understanding different thought processes of your peers. Overall it is really helpful course. Highly recommended.
It’s good to go back to basics even if you are already a graphic designer. These fundamentals are forgettable with time due it enters automatically in the design process, without really noticing them.For beginners, I highly recommended this course because it’s simple and detailed.
Great course, well thought out, well presented and lovely lecturer. After having done all 4 publicly available courses in this specialisation, this really was the most fundamental and gave a great summary of what Graphic design is about and which disciplines it involves. 5 stars!
Covers a wide range of topics and really focuses on getting the foundation right to understand graphic design before we jump to executing it. The video lectures are simple to understand the variety of examples and demos is brilliant! Can't wait to finish the rest of the courses.
I like this course as its the fundamentals but we do it everyday doing it without knowing it.  I am very happy that i am able to recognize what i have been doing.  Course is great clear and designed simple to learn but one has to work hard on its end to show how far they can go.
Great course and well worth the time. The instructor is clear, he makes the course intriguing and easy to follow even if you have absolutely no prior experience with graphic design. Coursera is an easy and great learning platform to use. I especially like the discussion forums.
A really interesting, hands on and practical course suitable for complete beginners in the area of design as well as for those with some knowledge. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and look forward to partaking in the following Fundamentals of Graphic Design courses. Thank you!
Very clear lectures and hands-on assignments covering the fundermental basics of graphic design. It would have been great if this course explained the context of graphic design such as brief hisory of graphic design or where graphic designs are utilized in the current society.
I learned a lot in this course especially since I am a visual communication design, it really helps in this pandemic era. The lessons is not too far from what I studied in university, so I did explore many visual design assignment that my uni did not give. Thank you, Calarts!
I really am enjoying this course! This course makes you jump right in and play, which is something I love! So far it has been helpful to me and I'm beginning to understand the basics of Graphic Design as well as experimenting with different techniques to create unique images!
It was really amazing to learn from this course. Got to learn something new and many interesting facts about designs in a broader perspective. Would surely recommend this course to someone who needs to build a base in Graphic Design before practically getting into the field.
Great course for anyone!Excellent learning and hands-on for those in any field and creative interests, also non graphic/visual designer like me. Lessons inspired me and helped applying to other projects I am working on by stimulating creative thinking and ways to experiment.
wonderful course, very helpful with basic knowledge of graphic design usage of elements and forms and terminologies. Thank you, the videos were very helpful and very insightful and easy to follow. I'd so love to carry on taking more courses that can help broaden my knowledge
This course was easy yet very helpful building the basics of my skills, Thanks to Coursera to provide such platform to develop our skills with so much of ease & convenience. This course was very easy to understand cuz of such an organized interface & great interface. thanks
I appreciated the bite-sized video lengths, which made it easy to pop in and out of the content to handle life. Excellent audio and production, and fun, engaging assignments and I look forward to working through the remaining courses in this specialization. Would recommend!
I was so surprised at how much I didn't know. I really appreciate the design process. I always looked forward to learning new things and also loved rating people's assignments too. It was indeed eye opening. Looking forward to what the next course has to offer. Thanks guys.
This course was excellent. The instructor presented the information in a way that was accessible to both novices and experienced designers. Each project built upon the previous one, and by the end of the course I felt that I had retained knowledge and developed new skills.
I have enjoyed this course and learned various aspects of graphic design.  I look forward to the next course. This was an amazing course and I would recommend it to all who would like to pursue a career in this field and as well those who have an interest in arts as I do.
I absolutely loved this course! With the use of examples, quizzes and assignments I was able to understand and practice what I learnt. This course taught me a lot about how you can employ simple, small tactics to make a piece of art more sound and aesthetically pleasing.
Very clear and not too complicated! I really appreciate how Michael Worthington gave us the history behind each term to give us an in depth understanding of how it functions. This lesson was very thorough and I will definitely apply everything I've learned to my designs.
The instructors are very clear in their communication. The use of videos, quizzes, and assignments goes a long way in ensuring that the message gets home. The practicality of the course makes it  exciting in a good way and every lesson is always one to look forward to.
This course helps you visualize clearly the primary concepts you need to control to be a designer. Best part is that, since it's just the fundamentals, you can apply these basic concepts to any type of creative work you might want to give a better look and appeal to.
Very good course. All of the fundamentals are explained thoroughly  and with examples. Being a practical course makes it also much better than others I watched. This course makes us think activelly about design and create pieces, exploring our creativity. I loved it!
Watching the videos helped a lot to understand the fundamentals of graphic design, I really enjoyed doing all the assignments. I recommend to do the optional assignments as well. Looking forward to the next course! Great program to learn the very basics, thank you :)
Love the course and the teacher was awesome, I am college graduate in Advertising and Graphic Design and happy to say I learned new things, as well as new ways to see composition and every other aspect of graphic design. Thank you a lot for this and keep them coming!
Awesome course to gather the basics of design. I am so glad I learned these skills because it will help me to grow and change my actual situation: living in Venezuela. Calart Instute and Coursera gave me a chance to survive Socialism. For that, I am plenty thankful!
Very thorough, yet totally comprehensible. Discusses and explains the fundamentals step by step, opening a whole lot of possibilities for broadening the skills and gaining new ones. I'll definitely take up the other parts of Graphic Design specialisation by CALARTS!
The course... Yes it was a very informative and interesting session with wonderful drawing/hands on assignments..... I like this course. Being an electrical engineer it was a new experience and a new opportunity to learn this course. Thank you the coursera team. 👍
Perfect for those of us who need an introduction to the basic principles behind graphic design. I'm a writer and know next to nothing about how my work gets laid out and included in the composition of modern graphics. This course put it all into perspective for me.
I enjoyed the course a lot! The information was well-structured and clear. There was great emphasis on practice that helped to understand the given material on a deeper level. Receiving feedback from students and analyzing the works of others was also wery helpful.
I really enjoyed every week, and the different assignments. The professor, his instructions were clear, concise and easy to understand! I would love that the forums were more easy to participate and follow the comments, overall this class exceeded my expectations!
I loved doing this course. It gave me a clear and a broader perspective understanding on the fundamentals of graphic design. Every topic was explained clearly and relevant examples were given for each topic. Now I feel confident about my work! Thank you Cal Arts!
It isn't rocket science, but this course gave me an opportunity to ponder design, to start seeing patterns EVERYWHERE, and exposed me to student work that helped me understand concepts. My advice is to peer grade as many projects as you can. You will learn a lot!
Great course, I had a lot of Graphic Design courses recently and this is the best , it's the best approach to learn Graphic Design and be a designer too, not like other courses just reading theories as a story without knowing even how to make a step in the field.
This was a very interactive course.  I loved that it combined practical applications of the coursework with peer graded assignments.  The process of both receiving and providing feedback to classmates is very helpful in improving your work throughout the course.
I have an Architecture background and have done Graphic Design work on the side. It was nice to properly learn about the concepts I use intuitively and learn to apply them intentionally. This is a really well paced program and I enjoyed the assignments as well.
I'm really satisfied with the course and learned the basic fundamentals . But instead of option peer assignments if you make it required then that would work effectively on students.... as they will try to learn something new , work on it , and get experience.
I have learned a lot through this course. Some people might find it a very basic course but to  anaive like me it helped a lot. Assignments and peer review process was also very good and it was really a fun to submit assignments. I would recommend this course.
I enjoyed video lectures very much. Interesting practical assignments, useful forum, helpful staff and mentors. After course I have much better understanding how principles of graphic design working, how to use color wheel and typography in more efficient way.
I really liked the course, it motivates you to start from the very fundamentals which is a great way to strengthen your overall graphic skills. The courses are simple and informative and I would continue to take other courses as well within the specialization.
This course really demystified graphic design, and taught me some basics so I feel like I'm not completely lost anymore when I make or design things. The videos are really well produced and easy to follow, and I learned a lot from the assignments and projects.
I really enjoy this course. It not only talks a lot practical techniques about graphic design, but allows me a lot of chances to creat my own artworks. I enjoy the processing of doing hands-on tasks. I am very motivated and encouraged during the whole course.
This course deftly forms the necessary base in Graphic Design study - I especially appreciated that it begins with the practice of making images using different media. The core concepts are well presented and the exercises actually help reinforce the lessons.
Learnt a lot more about the design process so far in the week two of the course. Experimentation is constantly encourage during the classes and course exercise, i believe its an essential process every designer should embrace to communicate ideas effectively.
Excellent course, very well structured. Starting from the basic notions in a single month it was possible to learn about the bases of graphic design. Excellent tutor, his videos were very clear and illustrative. The activities help reinforce learning. Great
This course provided a good understanding of the basics of graphic design elements. The videos were interesting and made the concepts easy to understand.  The assignments helped to reinforce the ideas presented and gave practical application for techniques.
I started this course knowing absolutely nothing about graphic design. I now feel a lot more knowlegable of how graphic design works and how I can successly use it in a career.  I highly recommend to all those that are interested in pursuing graphic design.
It's great that the course has a lot of practical assignments! Also it is very important to get feedback on your work from other people that have interest in this field. It's good to learn what works and what doesn't and why. Very useful for me! Thank you!
The professor's explanations were clear and easy to follow.His usage of visuals was perfect....well placed and always relevant, and frequently entertaining.I highly recommend this class to anyone and look forward to taking other classes by this professor.
A rigorous introduction course, with many optional peer-graded assignments for further practice. I would highly recommend doing all of the optional exercises because they really help you understand and think further about the concepts taught in the video.
I really loved this couse! It fit perfectly with what I wanted, both in terms of practicality, the way it is taught, the wealth of information and the possibilities of work to train the different skills, make this course very special, it was very worth it
Loving this course. Not only is it helping me learn the fundamentals of graphic design in a fun and inventive way, but is also providing a great community. Would highly recommend this for anyone looking to improve or start there graphic design skills. :)
I had no problem with the required assignments nor the teaching style. A well-rounded coursethe only minor problem i faced was handling the subscription plans so students must not forget to update their plans & fees! (As how i forgot)Thank you Coursera!
Very informative and creative (at least if you do all the assignments). Really made my creative juices flowing.The only downside, is you only get peer-reviews, so you don't get to check with a professional if your work is good, bad, getting better, etc.
This course is very useful, especially for the beginners. It creates the fundament for your future study. The practical part is very interesting and gave students the opportunity to try different aspects of graphic design. Thank you Coursera and CalArts
This is a wonderful wonderful course... The tasks are perfectly designed to make you learn and understand... Every single video lesson is fun and engaging! I definitely recommend it to any one who is no familiar with GD and is interested in learning it!
It was undoubtedly an enriching experience. It allowed to gain basic competences in the design area and simultaneously, to unleash the creativity and the critical sense. As soon as possible I will do the specialization modules. I strongly recommend it.
This course has been really helpful. It is divided and taught so systematically.  I am so happy and satisfied. I would like to thank Mr. Michael Worthington, you have been a great mentor. And of course The Cal Arts Institute for this amazing course.
At the very first moment of course, I thought it will be boring. But I was wrong. The videos and assignment was completely enjoyable and fun. I like the way of the course going forward from week to week. I will surely do other courses from CAL ARTS.
I find this course really helpful!! I didn't know anything about graphic design. I rolled into this course for no exact reason but I absolutely loved it! It is so good! I 100% recommend people trying this course whether  you are a beginner or a pro!
Loved this course, great introduction to graphic design. The instructor is brilliant, all videos are really informative and the assignments are a great learning experience. Really excited to continue on and finish the graphic design specialization!
A great course! I learned more about the basic design principles during this course than I did during my first year of my degree. Very easy to follow with creative assignments to practice what you learn and get involved with a community. Thank you!
However I do have my master in Graphic Design I would rather to take those courses to upgrade my knowledge on my career and I think it has been had many beneficial effects to me. Most likely it will benefit me while I am teaching my students later.
It is a great way to enter the world of graphic design. The pace of the course is easy to follow, and the exercises made me understood the theories presented and had fun at the same time. I recommend it to anyone who is interested by this subject.
The  course structure very well and easy to understand. Also help the learner to apply artistic features into real world appliances that design could be create in a more fun way than before. The peer review assignment also give us motivation too.
The course introduces a structured way for beginners to make images. It provides a disciplined schedule to produce images. I recommend the course to people who have dabbled in the subject and are interested in learning a more systematic approach.
This course was extremely helpful when it came to sharpening my Graphic Design skills. I really appreciated the breakdown of what Graphic Design really is. I will definitely be continuing to the next course. CalARTS curriculum is truly helpful!
It was a great course. I have learned a lot. I don't consider myself specially talented in art or aesthetic feeling, but I think I improved after passing this course. And I have got a different view on many things connected with graphic design.
I'm taking this as a refresher. I find the videos to be very helpful and the peer reviews super rewarding in terms of both contributing and receiving. I've managed to relearn a few things as well as pick up some new approaches to my daily work.
I am very grateful to this site and to this institution, which gave me time and effort to be one of its students. I thank Mr. Michael Worthington for the time and knowledge he gave to students to be specialized graphic designers. Thank you all
Really well put together course, short videos and readings to break it down, if you're not working on it full time it's easy to fit it around other responsibilities. Nice projects that get you thinking in a different way, simple and effective.
A very well explained course. If you are interested in graphic design you might want to give this course a goal. The course comes with several lectures, examples, and works that will allow you to understand and experiment with graphic design.
An absolutely wonderful course for beginner as well as experienced graphic designers and illustrators. The fundamentals are extremely important in any field and this course does a brilliant job at making sure that they are crisp clear to you.
Really a great course, a great place for learning and developing your skills and interests. I am a architecture student and i really found this course helpful for conveying ideas, composing sheets, readability, etc... Thankyou for the course
Professor Worthington does a great job of breaking down complex concepts into easy to understand lessons. Very glad to have taken the course and will continue with the Cal Arts Graphic Design courses as a result. Thanks for the great class!
This was an excellent course that gave me an insight into graphic design. I'm so glad I found this. I worked super hard, and as a result, I enjoyed it immensely. Thank you, Michael, for leading the class, and making such interesting videos.
Excellent oportunity of learning and growth! The clear explanations and descriptions of the concepts were fundamental for my learning. And receiving constructive criticism from my peers made me more self-conscious about my creative process.
I found this  course excellent for review or learn the basic concepts that are used in Graphic Design, but that are also used in other disciplines such as the Visual Arts, so it's a knowledge that can be apply to other activities as well.
Very good visual material accompanied by excellent written supplement that allowed us to follow the recorded portion of the course.  Interesting exercises and great methodology that allow students to review and provide feedback to others.
Great course! This is the first course I've taken through Coursera and I am so impressed, both with the content and the delivery.It really influenced the way I look at design. I am really looking forward to completing this specialization.
I liked this course. It the first one that I`ve completed on Coursera. It has interesting videos with theoretical data and it has practical part. I hope the received expirience in this are helps me grow in my career as a graphic designer
Great course! I started designing as a hobby and learned to use a few graphic design Softwares, however, this is what I was lacking: basic and theory. The course structure is so easy to follow and instructions for assignments very clear.
An exceptionally good course. Hands-on, and—as the name suggests—all about learning the fundamentals of design, rather than what to click in a piece of software. Highly recommended as an antidote to all the Photoshop tutorials out there.
Great course. Lessons are interesting and easy to follow. The tutor gives plenty of visual examples to help you understand the topics and encourage you to get your hands on design. You definitely gain the fundamentals of Graphic Design.
Great course! I recommend it for those who are searching a starting point in the graphic design. All the projects contained in this course are well designed to help you understand the work process and apply your new acquired knowledge.
This is one of those courses that for me open a door to a whole new world, that was right there in front of me the whole time (design is all around in society) but I had been to blind to notice.  The course has lifted that veil for me.
This perfectly introduced me to the basic know-hows of graphic design, thing which you'll never learn from self practice and creating stuff on photoshop or Ai. I enjoyed learning more from this than my 4 years in engineering in school!
I would like to thank you for your effort, I have learned graphic design from youtube five years ago and I am with five years of experience, but I wanted to learn graphic design in an academic way and I found that here .. many thanks.
I really enjoyed this course. The teacher made the content very approachable and doable. The goal was to just create and start designing. I loved how low pressure it felt! It actually made me want to go the extra mile and design more!
Great thanks for this course! I got a lot of new skills and now I see, that graphic design is a really interesting and exiting thing! This course helped me to free myself from my prejudices and fears in creation. Much obliged to you!
I enjoyed the course. It touches all important basis (fundamentals) and acts as a perfect start to go deeper into the topic with following courses from this university for Graphic specialization. Good balance of video/reading/tasks.
As I person, who have never been into design, I find this course helpful. It gives basics for main aspects of graphic design. I have learned new things regarding typography and fornts, as the professor talked about history as well.
Concise, easily grasped, and rather eye-opening.  It's easy to take pen to paper or mouse to a document and go to town with expression, but I feel enriched in a way that I haven't felt for a long time by simply studying the basics.
Really good course, even for those who already have a bit of experience behind them, good to go over the basics again. I would highly recommend doing all of the briefs, they're not time-consuming and you learn a lot by practising!
I really enjoyed the content and learned a lot of valuable hands-on skills. It was great to be encouraged to make a lot of images in a lot of different ways. I'm actually amazed at how much I have learned taking this short course.
I was so happy when saw this course for the first time. It became the first step to my dream career. All lessons and assignments are very useful and interesting to watch and implement. Thanks you very much for such an opportunity!
It was very interesting and pretty cool as an introduction ! It was clear and simple, not quite easy but the fact that the instrutor tells us to practice any time, just for fun was so cool and not stressfull. Thank you for that !
I am quite happy with this course.  It is very basic, but very necessary for the beginner. I enjoyed the exercises and felt that it was a good breakdown of the rules of graphic design and helped me in the way I design something.
Great course - intelligent and incisive instruction.  Really do recommend this as a starter course or refresher.  Throughly enjoyed it and learned a lot despite having already having studied art and design many years previously.
I really liked this course, it was a great introduction to this world which is graphic design for me. I also appreciate very much the scholarship, without it, I would not be able to complete this first course session. Thank you!
To break rules and be unconventional one needs to know conventions and rules - and this course is just that! It gives you key vocabulary to name some things which you may consider easy, but never bothered to notice and name :)
Absolutely awesome course! Very informative, great examples, every lesson is logically structured and really inspiring. The whole course is helping to acquire a basic knowledge and understanding of a graphic design principles.
Although this was a beginners class and a lot of the concepts were really simple, the instructor still found ways to make the class fun and get me thinking creatively. This class got me excited to learn even more about design!
A great course, I liked very much the way the teacher speaks, I could understand everything clearly, the activities were well made and even the optional ones had some deep meaning. Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge.
Great course, highly recommend. I was skeptical at first, but came away with a better understanding of how form, color, space, repetition, typography, and other elements of graphic design fit into the big picture of a design.
This course is very fun and eye-opening! You will not only learn about thr theory, but also get to through express your creativity through hands-on projects! Highly recommended to anyone who is interested in art and design :)
this course is so full of information in a deep manner of details and give best knowledge, instructions, guideline and education of graphic design. I'm so inspire from this course and take have a so many education from there.
I loved this online course! It was my first contact with Graphic Design and I've learned a lot. I really appreciated the fact that we had to fulfil tasks and not only listen to videos. For sure, I want to keep learning more!
It is a very basic course of graphic design, which is very suitable for those who do not have a basic knowledge of graphic design, but generally it involves less knowledge, especially the interpretation of some proper nouns.
For me, a non professional in design, but a lover, it was an exciting experience. Now I have more clarity with the main concepts, so I am grateful for the simplicity and enriching course. I also had much fun with the briefs!
This course was a great introduction to design that I can take and share with my students. I think it is great for beginners as it is easy to understand and well thought out. The activities are meaningful and worth the time.
Greetings from Saipan, Northern Mariana Island. I am graphic designer by profession and I want to continue improving my skills. This is online course surely help me attained that goal. I intend to finish the rest of courses.
This is a great course to start learning graphic design. Though I expected to find a bit more profound information, I still recommend it to those who has never had any experience (or conscious experience) designing something
I like this course. It is great.It is not the easiest course ever, but it gives a lot of important information.I do like it has  theoretical and practical assignments. So you will have Fun and Challenge :)Highly recommended.
The course was greatly structured. I had great fun watching the videos and doing all the assignments. I think this is an amazing course for beginners. The strongest point of this course, in my opinion, were the assignments.
The course was a watershed in my career, because I didn't have design techniques in my head and of course practice outside the computer. This has improved the quality of my work and I am more motivated to create new things
Great instructor and lessons. I love the organisation of the course and it really provides a great basis for looking deeper into aspects of graphic design! Looking forward to doing the other courses in this specialisation.
As the name of the course prompted, this course is very hardcore & fundamental. This is a stepping stone for those who are looking to dive deep into the field of arts or graphic design. Highly recommended it for everyone.
Great course on graphic design. Explain graphic design in more detail than most college classes I have taken. Would recommend this class to others wanting to understand or explore graphic design as a possible career move.
Great course, it gave me a lot of inspiration and it made me reflect. Also, amazing teacher. Sometimes I forget why I love this field, but this teacher was able to remind me what made me fall in love with graphic design.
A special thanks to the coursera who given me opportunity to learn a new skill by granting me aid for this course. The skill i earned in this course will definitely gonna help me to reach my future goals.Thousand Thanks.
With the brilliant optional assignments and research prompts told in every video, this course lets you experience actual graphic design by many hands-on activities and make you to love graphic design! Love the course!!!!
Fundamentals of Graphic Design  is very interesting course. I really enjoy the education time. It was full of theory and useful practical part. Do not doubt if you would like to begin study. Just start! You will love it!
I have been working in the field for a couple of years now, but this course gave me some key fundamental bits of knowledge. Recommended for those who are self-taught or simply those who want to brush up on some concepts.
I'm a journalism student and some knowledge of design is a requirement for most internships, and honestly this coursed helped me a lot with undestanding basic concepts. It's very interesting, fun and easy to understand.
Perfect course to learn the basic and fundamental things of graphic design. The course is easy to understand and it allows you to start working in designing small things using the elements you learn through the course.
There was just the right balance of instruction and hands-on assignments that let me explore my creative side. The only problem is that if you are paying for this class, your grade depends on reviews by other students.
This course really helps a person to build a fundamental idea on how to work and think to become a graphic designer.The course instructor took the exact amount of time needed not more nor less with a good flow on time
This course is chill and interesting. It is practical for the learner to gain basic knowledge of graphic design. And it really embarks my desire to learn more about graphic design even though I am a business student.
Great course to learn about art and first graphic composition, a good way for who is looking for a starting course in this field. If you are looking for a Course that help you with Adobe programs this is not for you.
Excelent 101 course. If you go through all the optional tasks, you have really good chances to practice all the theory and have nice peers' feedback. Videos are straightforward and have a perfect length. Nice course!
I've enjoyed a lot to do this course because the teaching is very clear and the assignments are feasible just like the description of the course has enumerated. I've learned new ways to to and, mostly, to see things.
Taking this course further enhanced my appreciation and understanding towards graphic design. Learning the fundamentals helped fortify my skills in promoting products or events through the use of information design.
Despite it is a fundamentals course, it is very complete and very didactic. It teaches you the basic things inside image making and design, although it is necessary to have basic knowledge on adobe suites. Loved it!
It's a very comprehensive course on the fundamentals of Graphic Design such as composition, image making, etc. It has very interesting exercises, the videos are well recorded, dynamic and full of useful information.
That was a very good introductory course for someone with no background as me. Its a 5-star rating course, however, I would like to see some more practical classes as for example, doing a project for a firm. Thanks.
Excellent course! As a graphic designer with over 10 years of experience this course took me back to the basics and re-ignited my passion for Graphic Design. Truly great and well put together course, very inspiring.
In my opinion, this course help me to see regular items in different ways. Also, it open for me "world of design" it is something new for me. I liked this course because it is simple, i can learn in different time.
A worthwhile course to pick up as it teaches you the very basics of what captures the human eye. Would recommend this for those with pure interest and even for those who wants to delve further into graphic design.
The course was productive, interesting and professional. The only thing which I would like to be added next the cooperation between peers and the course leader, and how then we can develop our skills.Best Regards.
This was very informative and practical! The videos are not too short and too long. Just enough for me to process the concept being introduced. I also had ample time to put them into application. It was engaging!
I have learned a lot through this course. Tutorials are very detailed and instructive. Community was helpful in ratings and feedback on my projects for this course. I would highly recommend this course to anyone!
Professor Worthington is very thorough and the information in this course is not only interesting and accurate, it is useful! I absolutely loved the course and was extremely excited upon receiving my Certificate!
Great course, its really very useful, although I have started learning graphic design for more than year, but I learned here what I didn't learn at any other platform, greetings to all the team work, thank you.
really amazing, before I did not know designing can be this tough and demanding. creativeness matters. and you should really try and practice. this course is far more better than the rest of the specialization!
I was enjoying taking this course I have learned a lot and I am planing to take more courses in design.Thanks everyone worked on providing this and thanks for amazing information content is excellent.  Regards
This is an excellent course for anyone interested in learning the fundamentals of graphic design. Wonderful! The information and hands-on activities bring to point the information discussed and lessons taught.
The assignments were apt and really interesting to work on, the instructor was amazing. He had so much knowledge on the subject in such depth. I am planning to take further courses in this specialization too!
Art is a broad and complex subject, but in this program you will see the main ideas to start your path to design. Very specific, complete, clear and well organized. Meets expectations!!!!!! Thank you!!!! 100%
very fun, I hope to do more courses, here in the future, I'm actually gonna complete the gd specialization by CalArts, and sorry for being so slow on completing it, I've had exams with my art academy, thanks!
I am just missing an experience designer feedback but I understand it is not possible.I think is a perfect introduction and if you worked on the optional assignment you can really push yourself to learn more.
Very well designed and delivered course. Great fundamentals and fresh application exercises.  Valued the realistic briefs, the creative practice and feedback giving/receiving in the course. Heartily recommend
Waat a journey it was! Michael is a prolific teacher and educator. Amazingly explained, very clever and creative presentations. I enjoyed at its core. Thank you so much for making this course. Lots of Love.
This is a GREAT course, as simple as that. It is exactly the perfect first step into the world of graphic design, which is at least what I needed. Thank you so much for putting together such a great help!!!
Everything is really amazing, from the first week to last. i wish i had more time to complete the optional assignments.if there is one thing.. i think the  last required assignment was too simple.Thank you.
This course will open your mind to graphic design to a whole new level. It will make you "think design'. Highly recommend it. The assignments are well thought out too. You will learn-if thats what you want.
A really useful course!  I learn so much knowledge from this course, most important is that this course build a entire graphic design system for me. Really recommend for people who want go to design field.
This course opened my eyes to the graphic design world as an inexperienced person in design. I would really recommend this course to my friends who want to study a brief introduction to the graphic design.
Great basic course! Information is presented systematically and tightly. There is no superfluous information and empty talk, all about the case. The materials are clear, interesting. Thanks to the mentors!
Loved this course. It's so well structured and as a filmmaker I found this a really good primer to quickly getting up to speed on graphic design concepts that can be easily applied to multiple disciplines.
I am enjoying the course as a beginner in graphic design, i am also taking practical classes on PS, Corel draw and In design.  i believe strongly that this specialization will give me the much needed edge.
I really did enjoy the lessons,  the assignments on different views of an object and last one on single contrasts indeed contributed to my creativity practicing.  The lecture about patterns was impressive!
The fundamentals of design that are essential for a beginner have been explained very well. However, further courses may be required for more details about their application in different fields of design.
Perfect for beginning and intermediate graphic designers. The  explanations of concepts and exercises are quite useful and makes the foundations of graphic design clear and accessible. Highly recommended.
It teaches you the basics and the fundaments of graphic design, for those who don't know and want to start learning it's a good way to begin with and even those who know and want to go back and remember.
Great introduction into what Graphic Design is all about. It breaks down the complexity into bite size, tangible pieces of information that you can apply to your graphic design mindset. Highly recommend!
I feel that this course suits me, a complete novice to graphic design, very well. It covers the basics and key themes in graphic design, and the examples shown are very stimulating and thought provoking.
Really informative! I have gained so much insight into my field that I never knew about. I had an internship in graphic design years ago, so these things were never a part of my life. Thank you so much!
I like this course and Coursera .org. its giving opportunity to peoples for learning. guys if you want learn so please visit on Coursera .org i learn many things from this course and i wish i learn alot
This is my first graphic design course, and I really enjoy learning it! The syllabus is clear and well-organized, and the contents are worth really learning to build the foundations for future studies.
For a fundamentals course, it does a great job of being approachable but still thorough. I came to this as a working professional looking to refresh some concepts, and still I found insightful tidbits.
A great breakdown and thorough explanation of what is graphic design. Mind opening to know the origins of fonts, typeface in typography. A must-have if you have an interest in pursuing graphics design!
A wonderful course! I was able to learn the skills necessary to express my ideas in a way other people can understand. I highly recommend this to anyone considering graphic design for pleasure or work.
Great! Teaches you how to begin thinking as a designer. Interesting concept, cool homework. More than happy to recommend. Will definitely continue with rest of courses in Graphic Design Specialization!
It's amazing how this course breaks down graphic design to fundamentals that we hardly even think of. It acquaints you with the building blocks, and creates a foundation that'll take you a long way!
This course was informational, fun, in depth, and very interesting. The professor did a great job of giving comprehensible lessons and the assignments always helped enforce the course's main ideas.
I loved the course, well explained, entertaining assignments.Have to be ready for hard work ( at least I had to work hard;-)). It s more than worth it! No hesitations, take your breath and dive in!
Well structure, informative, and very accessible introduction to graphic design. Assignments were achievable and enjoyable, and supported the lesson very well. Great course! I hope you create more!
It is a very useful course in which i learn typography Image making virtual,single,multicontrasts And what not it is a very good course i ever scene thanking course era for giving this oppurtinity
Carlart is the best institution I have ever experience, my experience studying here was so interesting, they have helped me to climb one step higher in graphic design in other to achieve my goals.
This course gave me a great basic understanding of graphic design and further assured me of my decision to pursue a career in graphic design. The peer feedback was constructive and always helpful.
Very great course to start designing. It helped me become bolder in creating contrasts in my work. Great for anyone interested in graphic design, or anything like bullet journalling, cooking, etc.
The fundamental aspect of graphic design as written in the title itself is covered  by the instructor in a fun and inciting way. The classes are interesting and one should definitely give it a try
Hands on interraction would be nice with course instructor. Everything else including community feedback is great. Access or feedback from mentors for graded assignments would make better impact.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and I definitely recommend it to anyone interested in learning or fine-tuning their understanding of the basics of design. Very well structured and worth the time!
great course for beginners in graphic design.you get to know the basic and the tasks are simple so anyone can do them.no previous experience is needed but its fun to try and make your own designs
For people who have no knowledge of how to start, it's a good basic course to get hands-on those stuff. And the people who have the idea this course is too basic for them. Although I enjoyed it.
The course is condensed and very applicable. I am a designer without an art degree, the course has provided me with many insights of the art concept that will help me a lot in improving my work.
It was very helpful. I learned a lot and explored my imaginations. It helped me grow even more. I've learned new things theoretically and practically. It is a great course for beginners like me.
This course helped me to explore my creativity. Although I've been working as a graphic designer for sveral years still I found a lot of interesting stuff that opened new horizons of creativity.
Very simple, straight-forward and effective. Even for someone who has already done graphic design for a few years this is very enlightening as it covers very strong basics. Highly recommend it!
I LOVED this course. Awesome teacher, every lecture made interesting and fun to watch. Great doing the optional assignments for learning!! Recommend this 100% to any beginner of graphic design.
It's a very basic of graphics design, very well organise.  It's very helpful for the beginners. I've learned through watching videos, doing the assignments and reviewing others work.  Perfect!
The explanations were thorough, the visuals reflected exactly what Mr. Worthington was discussing, and the pacing of the videos was outstanding. Thank you for a beneficial learning experience!
This course help me a lot in order to be more creative , and I have learnt so many basic things about graphic design. Thanks to the instructors . They helped me throughout the entire course...
Such an enjoyable course! The basics are provided in a simple and clear way and the methods to use while designing is explained. Also, the instructor has a so encouraging tone, special thanks.
Lots of Knowledge and Very Interesting Concepts. I wish I had more time to deepen more. I strongly reccomend it to every Graphic designer who wants either to learn or to fresh design concepts.
this is the great basic course for everyone who interested in design and art because it's the easy way to start. simple video materials and a lot of practice is exactly what I needed.Cool-cool
This course is a great way to begin any study of graphic design. I have loved the videos, the explanaitions and the brief we have to make are very well studied. I would strongly recommend it.
Seriously great course. It was informational and fun. The assignments were engaging and the professor was as well. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in graphic design.
I learned a lot about the fundamental things a designer should take into account when creating a composition. The exercises were fun to make and the videos were short and easy to understand.
This course was really helpful, useful. Now I have totally different view to Graphic Design and really good start totally from fundamentals. I was really enjoying and will continue to do it.
A great course by CALARTS. I have learned some new concepts that I never know before. and this certificate may help me in my future and as well as in my life whenever I go to California :-)
A very complete beginner's course covering the basics in depth. The teacher is very engaging and makes the content enjoyable and accessible. Clear examples, widely illustrated explanations.
Ideal course for beginners and self taught designers, it makes you see what you can already know from a different and more aware direction; give you lexicon and strong basis to start from.
I really enjoyed the classes and assignments here. I got so much to learn about typography, shapes, colors, patterns and compositions. It is really a very enjoyable and interesting course.
I really enjoyed this course! It helped push me to think outside of the box with my creativity in order to create a sequence of images of a household object that I am still quite proud of.
This course incorporate the best way of learning that is to get your hands dirty. The course enhances the learning process by practical approach rather than just one sided communication.
I had a lot of fun creating in this course. I learned a lot about the fundamentals of design, and I believe this will help me a lot in the future. Thank you very much to the instructors.
Fundamentals of Graphic Design has helped me refresh my old school memories after 26 years. It's an amazing course for all beginners and people who wants to refresh their skills like me.
Very helpful course! Made me look at the design from a different angle! The way the lecturer delivers information and encourages you to CREATE is amazing! Thank you for this opportunity!
Learnt quite a few new techniques, methods and concepts. I recommend it for anyone who wants to learn the fundamentals of design in a step by step lucid and easily understandable manner.
Absolutely loved this class.  Found it to be very helpful and worth my time and money.  I think the professor did a great job with his lectures and I enjoyed the assignments.  Thank you.
This course was organized in a very easy manner for all types of learner. As someone who have had experience with Graphic Design, I thoroughly enjoyed this class and all the assignments.
This course is a good one for beginners, this gives a brief introduction fore the topic of graphic design its really useful if your gonna pursue in further courses in the specialization
This 4 four week were very inetesting. For me, I got new knowledges in sphere of graphic design. I improve and develop my skills. Thank you to authors and people who make this big work.
Even if you are an experimented designer, it's useful to come back to the basics and maybe discover something you've forgot or something new. A good one for people interested in design.
excellent teacher and course.i considered giving 4 stars because some students rating my assignments not according to the rules so i hope you will consider a way to solve this problem.
Very detailed and easy to understand course on everything graphic design. The course goes over the fundamentals in a fun, engaging way. Definitely recommend for anyone pursuing design!
I learned a lot doing this course. The metodology is very objective and the contents are very accesible. I am starting now the next course in this specialization. Thank you very much.
This course is really good, is an amazing opportunity to get a first contact with basics of graphic design. The course methodology helps to learn everything in a pretty didactic way.
Really cool. Richard Worthington is a dude, not so Lebowski, but more Rand. I really enjoyed the videos and the information. Super. Thank you kindly. Keep up the good work. Good bye.
This was a very nice course for beginners and it helped me  very much. I'm now on the last  module and I am very excited to make the final project. I strongly recommend it to anyone.
Fundamentals of graphic design is a terrific introductory course!!!  This was my fist contact with art and graphics.  Thank a lot for your lessons and advices.Mauricio GarcíaColombia
This is a good course and you will learn to be creative and learn about things you haven't done before. I would suggest anyone who wants to learn the fundamentals to take this course
I've barely started this course and it's already been a great artistic breakthrough for me. It certainly has opened my mind to the variety and depthness that graphic design can have.
I really enjoyed the classes and the explanations were clear, precise and professional. thank you very much for preparing this classes. The exercises and references were very useful.
The instructor was great! His tone, style and word execution kept my focus. His projects invited learning and experimentation which is very important in working with Graphic Design.
Excellent course. Enjoyed the classes and all of the projects. I recommend doing the optional projects as well, because you get a chance to apply everything that you learn on class.
Thank you for a great introduction to Graphic Arts and helping and old student reach his goals and dreams to work in the Artistic field. CalArts is awesome and well worth the cost.
This course teach me a lot about graphic design in a whole. For those who wanted to learn more about graphic design and has no knowledge about this, I recommend to try this course.
This course is Wonderfully designed to give a strong base to your concepts and the way the tutor teaches you is amazing!,I recommend this course to all the Graphic Design Newbies!
I LEARNED A LOT ABOUT GRAPHIC DESIGNER I DIDNT EXPECT TO KNOW THAT MUCH IN JUST ONE COURSE! THANKS FOR ALL WORKERS IN THIS COURSE SPECIALLY TEACHER Michael Worthington.VERY HAPPY!
Thank you for such a great fundamental course! It helped me to understand the basics of graphic design and improve my skills! Thank you once again and wish you all the best! Alex.
Excellent!!! I could understand things not previously understood. I could not perform activities that my computer was damaged and could only watch the videos during lunch at work.
I am a professor in the arts. I enjoyed the projects and felt this course was very organized and easy to follow. The videos and project examples brought it all together.Thank you!
Very-very complex and saturated course. It makes u believe in yourself and reduce fear of the white sheet))) easy to understand)Thanks a lot! i want to create after your lectures!
Clearly delivered information about the basics of graphic design. A lot of practice works. I am happy that I had the opportunity to learn more about my favorite topic. Thank you!
This course is perfect for beginners in graphic design because it makes you DO things not only to learn about them. You can see different aspects of visual presentation of ideas.
A great course, it sparked my interest and built me up, starting from the scratch I now dare to pick a pen or brush and scissors and ductape and be creative! Thank you very much!
i love how smoothly the course went , i had no problem doing this course amid my own busy routine  . i learnt new thinks , that can furthur be groomed in to professional skills.
This course was really able to expand my knowledge & perspective about Graphic Design at  the fundamental level. I highly recommend it for everyone interested in graphic design.
I have so much fun learning this course at the same time it gives me on point lessons on how to effectively apply all the fundamentals of graphic design. Thank you very much! :)
This is an indispensable course for people who are interested to explore into the world of graphic design. It is indeed very helpful in my daily teaching as well. Big thank you.
I learned about image making and basic foundation of Graphic design. Its realy nice and easy to learn by coursera.. Thank you entire team. I loved it. I will Go for Next course.
It is a wonderful course where I learned a new dimension of Art which was abstract to be before and now I can use it in my work to make it more pleasing and attractive to people
This course is well taught and developed. I appreciate that it emphasizes the importance of making graphic design as the only way to learn and develop the artist within. Thanks!
Course was easy to follow while still being engaging and interesting. Fantastic course. On a personal note, Michael sounds like my favorite author which helped keep me focused.
I am thrilled I  learned a lot. Very helpful in understanding the fundamentals of graphic designs. I love the assignment, It gives you yo be creative in your own way and style.
Since I currently study interior architecture, it helped me to recall my basic skills and learn more about what I missed and improve my current skills. Thank you for everything
This Course is awesome super easy to understand! I'm a beginner and this program really helped so much and opened up my perspective on how to view shapes colors items and text.
I like how the course is structured and gives a holistic view of graphic design. I loved the course and It really helped me in understanding basic things about graphic design.
I really learned a lot from this course, while also having fun. I'm looking forward to complete the Graphic Design Specialization, and complete more studies in graphic design!
Michael Worthington was a great instructor.  His silky calm energy maintained the pace and tone of the course. The assignments were engaging, thought-provoking, and formative.
It's a very great course for the beginners. Though this course introduces you to only to the tip of an iceberg, it deals with the basic fundamentals aspects of graphic design.
I am a better graphic designer today, with a prior knowledge of how to design a standard graphics for the Global market. thanks to California institute of the art and Coursera
Great start for graphic design beginners! Lessons are well organized and well explained. The assignments are the best part of the course and very helpful to explore the topic.
This course is the portal to know Graphic design specialization, you'll learn a lots information about GD, you need this course to start your journey in Graphic Design world.
Great lectures and material overall. I really feel like the topics covered are true to the title of the course and have given me a greater understanding of design in general.
I have learned a lot of basic knowledge from Fundamental of Graphic Design. This course is very usefull. I would recomend everyone who wants to try himself in graphic design!
Great course with a great range of introductory information with a good selection of exercises to complete. I learnt a lot from this course and had fun doing the assignments.
I've been doing design work for several years, all self taught. Taking this class allowed me to gain knowledge on the basics and in turn, made me a better artist. Thank you!
Amazing course!!!. Never thought i can be a graphic designer and I have never came across this kind of course. Also, will definitely recommend this course to all my friends.
Fantastic overview of Graphic Design theory. Essential to underpin technical knowledge and inform design decisions while using the myriad apps and solutions available today!
I found this course extremely useful as I am very much interested in graphic design. And I'm sure I'll put them into practice in my academics being an architecture student.
First I fell bore and really did not match up with the course but later after the 1st course, I found it interesting and learned many things. It was a wonderful experience.
A very good introduction course into the world of design. It might be important to take up other courses in the specialization to get a better understanding of the subject.
I Like this course! I have had some knowledge about colors and composition before, but this course helped me to organize them. Also, I got some new skills about typography.
very interesting course with detailed teaching of the concepts and its application. recommend to anyone who is interested in graphic design, would be a good starting point!
I got so much insight to typography. I'm so glad I took this journey, now my scope of design is very broadened. I'll waste no time in completing the other sepcializations.
The course was very informative and laid a great theoretical and historical background as a launching pad to a more expansive understanding and skillset of graphic design.
I enjoyed this course so far. I had limited design software and manage to do all the projects so far. The instructions were clear and easy to navigate. I am continuing....
This is an excellent introduction to graphic design.  Time is not spent on learning the technology, but rather on producing the examples of art and typography.  Thank you.
This course was nice and usefull. I do lettering but I'm not a designer and this course help me to do a better work with lettering and understand basic elements of design
The methodology of the course seems very successful to me and the contents of the course were also very explained and developed through dynamic and interesting exercises.
This course was highly informative and useful for me. Great course indeed! I would recommend this course to anyone trying to get started on Graphics Designing. Thank You!
The course has helped me to understand the fundamentals of Graphic design, I'm able now to convey my message by using different techniques of design taught by the course.
I did learn a lot about the traditional way of thinking about design. This course helped me to go back a do experiment in Analog rather than digital. Very helpful course.
Excellent! This was my first course and I have to say that I'm very happy with my experience! The videos, the lectures and the whole structure of the course is amazing.
What a kick start to my graphic design career! I absolutely loved the course. There's nothing like this on internet. If you are interested in design, sign up right now!
I found this course engaging and inspiring, even when some of the material was not new to me. What a privilege to have access to top-notch instruction like this online.
Excellent course, I especially liked how it focuses on trying things for yourself. The videos are short but very informative, perfect for re-watching from time to time.
This course make me more confident in my abilities, because I could do many briefs and test my creativity. I will continue learn more and more in the coursera courses.
Peer graded assignments are good , they work well . But negative feedback has been given by fellow peers  even though I have followed the rules mentioned in the brief.
I think Fundamentals of Graphic Design gives more a deep perspective of what a graphic designer does and the theory is more objective in the course. I liked very much.
it was a very good experience and i have learned so much. thanks to the instructor to teach the basics so easily . the sessions were interactive and well communicated.
Very good, well paced course which gives you a flavor of graphic design. Nicely presented and concepts demonstrated well. I would definitely do more courses from them.
I learned a lot with this course and I think it is important for everyone associated with any artwork
Designers must understand if you want them exactly what you want
this course is very useful if you want to start a new career as graphic designer.
many concepts,terminology you need and assignments do it with your hand. its awesome
This course giving you basics of graphic design. I like it. If you starting create some graphic, I reccomend apply for the course. Course giving you idea, impression.
What a great course!  The content was prescient to the artwork I do and the assignments fun and applicable.  I look forward to taking the next course in the sequence.
Great course for beginners! I do recommend taking this because it changes your perception of different aspects of design that may have been taken for granted before.
Excellent course to improve your aesthetic skill and design aspects. I studied new things and it is wonderful experience to me. really helpful to nurture our talent.
This course is great if you're a beginner or even more advanced as you can go further in the course with the optional projects. I'm looking forward the next course !
I really enjoyed every bit of this course! Awesome content and teacher. It was also nice to get feedback on my work from peers as well to view the work of others! :)
This course does an awesome job of integrating beginner's knowledge with practical graphic design projects. I'm enjoying it tremendously. I'd highly recommend it! :)
Up until now this course is really practical, well explained and a "happy" place to be! I love it and wish my University lessons were as fun and informative as this!
This focuses on simple, yet very important factors in design. I found it very helpful and it helped me to gain a more creative perspective towards graphical design.
Thank u sir for nicely explaining this course and being so encouraging. I have gained lots of confidence with this and I would love to study further in this course.
A great way to get your feet wet with graphic design, and see what it's about. I didn't even know what all was included in "Graphic Design" until I took this course
Touches fundamental concepts you can apply to any type of graphic related work. The class goes straight to the point with a perfect touch of stretching assignments.
It's a pretty good and complete introduction to the graphic design career. I really enjoyed it, the videos were easy to watch and I didn't get bored at any point :)
Love this course! I am not a designer and I am not going to be a designer, but I work in creative industries as a Producer and it was really beneficial for my work.
It was very helpful and the teaching is up to the point with every example and I really appreciate the efforts. It was pleasure learning from CalArts and Coursera.
Like the format and the presentation of this course. Each topic builds on the next and then finally you are shown how to mix the fundamentals. Enjoyed this course.
Honestly excellent! I have tried a few online Graphic design courses but this one REALLY has a University Standard approach! I am highly recommending this course!
An amazing course for people who really wants to learn graphic design. The exercises are simple (and a lot) yet very effectively calls out your inner creativity:)
It gave me another perspective of the graphic design using just simple elements. It did me experiment in a creative way, without prejudices. A really good course!
I've learning much in this course in the whole Specialized,   Michael made me know much about how to catch the feel of making good image, I like this course most.
Excellent course,  videos are short and effective , the activities and content were also great . I would love more courses about desing like this one  in Coursera
I feel it like a very kind course, a very easy, complete (within the boundary of fundamentals of design) and very encouraging for me to keep on design. Thank you
It's totally worth the time and the projects are intuitive, learning-wise, and lesson-filled especially for me who learns better by doing the presented concepts.
Coming from a person without a background or degree in arts, the course was very helpful. I was able to gain a lot of new knowledge that I can use for designing.
Coursera is wonderful platform for free education and knowledge. You can find amazing courses  as per your interest and develop your skills .Thank you coursera .
It was a great learning process!That was my first experience with graphic design and very successful one!Thank you Coursera and California Institute of the Arts!
Very informative, and the instructor was clear and engaging. The course challenged me, but not to the point that it was overwhelming or felt beyond my abilities.
I enjoyed this class. The concepts introduced here were easy to understand. It's like graphic design made easy. It was very engaging as well. Highly recommended!
Amazing course It widened my imagination, thinking and various ways to see a single image. It helped me to learn and understand the basics of graphic designing.
The course is easy to follow, the instructor gives great examples, and having to put in practice the knowledge acquired in every lesson really do help to learn.
It was the most exciting and interesting to me. Working on something that makes you happy is the greatest feeling. I think every designer should do this course.
The course was a lot of fun and informative! I'm glad to have gotten the experience from it and will definitely be pursuing further coursework from CAL Arts. :)
Thing I liked the most about this course was that there were so many practice assignments. It had me practicing and designing every day which improved my skills
This is my first formal instruction to Graphic Design this course made my appreciate my work and instilled interest on my part to pursue and improve in my craft
This course was very enjoyable. It was nice how the videos were broken up into many short videos, and the assignments were useful in understanding the concepts.
Pretty good course to nurture the skills in graphic design. Learnt a lot about the typical terms used in various designs which I was ignorant before. Thank you
Very insightful course. Gives very detailed information about fundamentals of designing.This course had helped me in defining the boundaries of  design making.
I think that this course is done with excellence, it boosts your creativity and allows you to get a deeper understanding of the fundamentals of Graphic Design
I enjoyed a lot this course! So creative, fun, easy explained and inspiring. Highly recommended! Congrats to everyone involved in the creation of this course!
It was very interesting. I had the opportunity to understand graphic design from a good point of view, I went from nothing to a really good knowledge. Thanks!
The instructor was eloquent and learned and clear in his delivery. He was easy to listen to and his lectures were informative. Thoroughly enjoyed this couse.
Excellent course! As a beginner, was very helpful to learn all fundamentals and basics of graphic design. All concepts are clearly explained, I really liked.
Excellent way to dive into this fun field. The assignments are easy to follow and learners walk away with a lot more confidence in their designing abilities.
I really enjoyed this course as an introduction to Graphic Design. The videos are full of good information and the practical parts are really fun to work on.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course and its learning, definitely will recommend it to any of those interested in the graphic design process and creative path ways.
Great course! It worked all the basic principles and gave me a lot of knowledge that will be used in my future works. I'm very grateful for this opportunity.
Its very good course, has different kind of interesting tasks which force you discover your own creativity . I recommend it for every graphic design beginner
Really awesome course. I like that it has all the theory and a lot of hands-on projects to practice and learn the  how-tos of design. I totally recommend it.
I enjoyed Fundamentals of Graphic Design. The course in such a small time makes you understand the thinking that goes behind any creative work.Thank you.Amit
I've been working with designers as the client for 5-7 years now - I foudn this extremely interesting to get  little bit of insight in what the potential is.
This course is amazing, it explains the basics in an easy undestandable way and gets you excited to get to know more about the field. I absolutely loved it!
This course is designed for beginners and is very well thought of. Simple instructions help in grasping concepts and provide us with confidence in creating!
Really helpful course for the fundamentals of Graphic Design. Recommended for all of those beginners who are trying to improve their base on graphic design.
I am really glad that I took this course. It gave me very specific details about graphic design that I could not get in another online course that I joined.
I really enjoyed the course and the pace, it suited my time schedules jumping on when I can and I found the tutorials well delivered and easy to understand.
Absolutely helpful when you're a beginner. It explains as well as put examples so it's easier to understand, especially in visual art, I think that's needed
nice overview to get you started in graphic design. Lots of practical tasks to do which are fun and give a great opportunity to really explore the concepts.
Absolutely loved it. The videos were well made and informative. I liked the lecturer a lot. Will complete all the 5 courses. Thank you for this fun course.
Im a beginner, before i just create things depends of feeling without knowing the theory. This course is helpful to make me understand the basic. Thankyou!
The course provides a great detail of information on the basics of graphic design and help to stimulate creative thinking for the assigned design projects.
It was a very informative and fun course. I have learned the basics of graphic design which will help me in my extracurricular activities at my university.
I have got clear my all basic of fundamentals of graphic designing.. The course was well designed and easy to follow up. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Thank you
It is a great course from Michael Worthington. I learned that the best way to become a designer is to work on designs no matter how pitiful it looks first.
It's amazing, it helped me to learn new things and also brush up few things I had forgotten.It was fun learning and aslo putting my creativity to the test
Wonderful course, and a fantastic way to delve into the wonderful world of graphic design! I'm very much looking forward to continuing the specialisation.
This course is very useful and good. Cool, interesting tasks and beutiful lecture. I gained valuable experience and knowledge in the performance of tasks.
It was a good course to gain fundamentals. It would be great if a course on Photoshop will be added. I am eager and curious to learn this specialization.
I learned more in this short course than I did in my college class that cost significantly more! Awesome material and very easy to follow and understand.
The classes were easy to follow and I appreciated how it covered a lot of basic areas in a way that was understandable for someone who is not a designer.
I really liked the course. Gave a good grasp to what I am submitting myself when pursuing a degree in graphic design. I am continuing the specialization.
I really enjoyed this course. very easy to understand and nice learning way. i will continue with next.I really appreciate Professor on your work for us.
Took this as a bit of a 'looks interesting'  - wasn't disappointed; was well taught, engaging and pitched at the right level. I'd recommend it to anyone.
The course has been very illuminating and informative, not to mention the engaging assignments! I have really learned a huge deal and wish to learn more!
As a non-designer, I learned a lot about the fundamentals of design and I feel I can have meaningful conversations about design elements now. Thank you.
I did really enjoy the whole course. The videos were easy to understand and follow. All the assignments helped me to transpose the theory into practice.
teaches you the basics and the importance that small details that can make a difference when you want to transmit something through a drawing or letter
I feel I can understand what is Graphic Design and how to create! After this course I began to look at the world differently, as a designer! Thank you!
I loved how the lecturer taught. I feel he's exhausted the topics just enough and the assignments really broadened my creative thinking. A great course
This course in fundamentals in graphics design was to the point & made me confident in learning it. I am sure that it will help me to get my work done.
I really liked the course! I think it's a great start in a new field for
me. Thank you so much for interesting, useful and well-structured information!
I loved the practical side of the course. It opened up my mind on different possibilities and gave me the encouragement to explore and experience more.
Excellent course for providing the basic elements of graphic design. It's helped me launch my graphic design career! I can't say anything bad about it!
It is most effective and valuable course found online. The course schedule is simply perfect every one can learn a lot by just giving a little efforts.
Great first introduction into graphic design. You are encouraged by doing optional assignments that should open your eyes on graphic design principles
I learn more Skills from these platform , its really great experience for me to learn the fundamentals of graphic design it clear my basic concepts .
Really good introduction to most concepts in Graphic Design. The homework for each week is very useful and should not be skipped, even when optional!
I really liked this course. It makes me notice that I'm really creative and gave me many fundamental but very important knowledge to make great jobs!
Hi! It's a great course - structured and inspiring. Thank you very much!I'm going to start it again doing all optional briefs. It's really essential!
Very nice and informative course. I learned a lot regarding imagemaking. All lessons are explained in a very nice way where it's easy to understand.
This course is a must for someone like me whose just starting out on the process of learning graphic design. This really helped me a lot! I love it!
Love how it's designed to give one an overview of the important topics of graphics designing. Loved both the teaching method and overall experience.
A really amazing course which teaches you the basics of Design in general with a graphic design flavor. Really enjoyed the lectures and assignments.
Inspiring assignments! THe instructor has a warm encouraging aura around him that made me want to listen to him. Also, he is very clear and thorough
I loved this course so much I would suggest to anyone who is interested in graphic design. The videos are clear and the assignments very motivating.
Great not only for the beginners, but also for professional graphic designers who whant to revisit the basics. The typography classes are excellent!
This is a great course for all beginners! I have learned a lot about graphic design and especially learning about Typography was super interesting.
Beautifully Structured Course, with gradual growth in topics and covering all aspects with good enough amount of assignments. Happy to complete it.
Recommended course.You will learn important element in Graphic design.That's so good.I've learnt a lot from this course. Thank you so much CAL ART.
Amazing course, encouraged me to compose and be creative, Michael Worthington is a great teacher, amazing didactics. Thanks Coursera and CalArts :)
I found this cours very useful for me. It was my first experience in studying design. Now I have a strong wish to continue. Thank you all for that!
Very steep path from proffesionalov. I learned a lot, the information understandable and memorable. Thanks to the authors of an interesting course.
Just loved the course and recomend to all who appreciate and love graphic design and those want to know the process of creating a brand first hand.
Lectures are short but cover the fundamentals thoroughly enough.The peer grading worked very well, too. I got some nice and really helpful reviews.
it's amazing how in the week 4, at the very end, you can use all you leaerned and create something expectacular. i love the curse! is very useful!
THIS COURSE HAS GROWN A LITTLE ENTHUSIASM IN ABOUT DIGITAL GRAPHIC DESIGN AND MADE ME RELEASE THE BETTER ME HOW TO BECOME THE BEST. THANK YOU TEAM
Well I've always wanted to have an academic qualification regarding Graphics Design all my life. This course made my dream come true. Appreciated.
Really enjoyed this course. A good amount of practical experimentation (by hand and digitally). I also liked giving the optional assignments a go.
I understand the gist of Graphic Design without the dependence of software. These lessons are the true building blocks of how to think and design.
Very great basic but detailed concepts for graphic design. Easily understand. The exercise made me think through the whole idea of graphic design.
Great content, presented in a clear and direct manner and then applied with assignments that are accessible to all skill levels. Highly recommend.
The course is very informative and the videos are engaging. It teaches all the basics of graphic design which is very useful for the application.
Very good for someone without any graphic design background. It makes you think about all the world behind the pictures we see in media everyday.
Very good for a beginner. I have learned more about the things I thought I'm good at already. Must need to enhance knowledge in creating designs.
Very interesting and helpful course. I hope than professor will make course about painting on a computer with teoretical background and practice.
This is a FUNDAMENTAL course for beginners. It's quite interesting and practicing for who is looking for deepen in graphic design progressively.
I absolutely loved and highly recommend this course for anyone who is interested in Graphic designing. Easy lecture videos, and informative too.
Best Teacher to learn course with.He explain every thing in a simple way that i fall in love with this course.Well Done Sir Michael Worthington.
I had a lot to learn from this course, this course was certainly a fun experience for me. I will practice these skills to keep my self inspired.
I like the course was made in a way that the context was very concentrated and explained in a way that was very easy to understand! Great class!
It's a good introduction for beginners. Good exercsies to test yourself. I recommend this for anyone who is just starting out in Graphic Design!
Professional, interesting and inspiring. The lecturer explains complex and important things in stages and with examples, from simple to complex.
This course gave me the basics of graphic design just as it proposed it would. I feel confident now using these principles in my artistic works.
Concepts were all clearly presented and discussed, and seeing others' work was very helpful in broadening my understanding of the possibilities.
It was great! I can practice the material and have a great feedback from the peer assignment. Slowly building up my self-confidence. Thank you!
I've Started Learning Some Useful Fundamentals From The Beginning Of  This Course. Loved It, And Thanks For Making It Such An Excellent Course.
Great course! Introductory but motivational; very professionally thought and performed; very nice assignments to learn making. Congratulations.
Loving have the opportunity to take this course.The lectures are brief but full of valuable contet.The assignments fun and practical.THANK YOU!
Excellent course! It really gives you the fundamental of graphic design, and it fuels you with lots of ideas to continue creating and learning.
The course gives you an overview of the design theory in a didactic and illustrative way, which helps capturing the soft details of this craft
Great course! Learned a lot. This a a great introduction which covers basics on design: Colour, Composition, Medium, Typography, Methods, etc.
This course was great from beginning to end. It woke up this creativity in me that i haven't seen since i was in freshmen year of high school.
Excellent course. Gives use a solid base and explains the concepts in an easy to grasp way. It is also full of activities that help you learn
Absolutely great and useful for starting out in graphic design. I feel I definitely got one step closer to being more familiar with the field
Really useful as a beginner, I learned a lot and I'm sure all of this basic knowledge will be very helpful in my future designing endeavours.
Very good fundamental principles and interesting assignments, I enjoyed playing around with shapes and colors. Looking forward to learn more!
I have learned do much in this course. Thank you very much! Now doing my 2nd course. Thank you CalArts and Coursera for making this possible.
I like it! it was very nice and useful to follow this course. Im sure, that new knowledge now is accepted and adopted by my mind)) Thank you!
This was a fantastic course, and I really enjoyed what I learned in this class. It was awesome to be able to learn from a CalArts instructor!
Was very helpful in exploring the graphic design field! Very positively looking forward for more in what I have learned and what I can apply
I really enjoyed this easy yet very practical set of short lectures. It will really give me more of the shareable vocabulary with designers!
It has been a great experience and i learned a lot of new concepts and skills that i believe will be very beneficial for me in the future :)
Really great course for beginners who have just started in arts and graphic design, really gives a good look into graphic design. Thank you.
This was a really edifying course where I learnt so much about the fundamentals of graphic design. It has actually brought so much clarity .
Good introductory course! It provides you a clear idea of what graphic design is and it's basic elements. I enjoyed doing the assignments :)
BEST TEACH EVER!! his skills and materials to explain every concept are unique. Thanks to this course I fell more in love of graphic design.
I really appreciate an opportunity to join this useful course. The given information is basic and essential for beginners in Graphic Design.
A wonderful comprehensive overview of graphic design. I particularly enjoyed the instructor and his examples show a mastery of the material.
It`s a good course for start in graphic design. The material about composition was represented in very interesting and unusual form for me.
It is a really nice and fun course. Has several practical exercises that allow you to put into practice everything learned on the lectures.
This a very good course to get you started in Graphic design, learning the fundamentals and much more. so find out for yourself by joining.
This course seriously opened my mind and allowed me to experiment with my graphical skills. I am sure that from now I will do better works.
Fantastic course. A BIIIIGGGG THANK YOU to the instructors and everyone who is involved in designing such a fantastic course. Just Loved it
Michael is such a brilliant teacher. He explains every detail in a concise and simple manner. This course is so valuable for me. Thank you!
Great overview of Graphic Design!  Thank you for so much for the basics.  I would definitely recommend this free, 4-week course to friends.
It's a quite simple course, yet it manages to give a few critical insights about graphic design. Really interesting for absolute beginners.
Very good course: The instructor, the method, the process for evaluation, everything was good, fun and interesting. Thanks for sharing it!
This course was extremely informative and it encompassed numerous information which will be useful in my further professional development.
I really liked the course, the content and flow of information not being too saturated, helps students to not lose interest on the course.
Its a great course. Even if it's a basic of the Graphic Design, it's pretty detailed and a good start to anyone interested in the subject.
doing a graphic design course in coursera greatly improves my graphic designing skills and my understandings about see things differently
I really liked this course; super interesting. It requires though the knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite, as there is a lot to work on it!
Very good course for new learners and of course for old students. I personally recommend it to those who want to learn graphic designing.
This was very helpful.  I learned a new vocabulary and improved my graphic skills.  I'm looking forward to the next course in the series.
I haven't applied for a certificate but I really enjoyed the lessons. The course is clearly structured and the videos are very well done.
I have learned many this from it and it is much useful more me. the lectures, peers, and quiz are the best way to experience your course
The course is really good for beginners. Learn a lot about various requirements in designing. Will be continuing with the specialization
Very informative, I enjoyed watching the videos and working through the course assignments. Week 2 (typography) was my favorite lecture.
Wonderful professor! He's teaching was clear and effective. I learned much and I understand the value of graphic design. Thank you Sire!
Provides a good amount of information with concise explanation and compelling examples for those wanting to start out in graphic design.
In my third week and I'm loving this course so far. I'm already thinking about the learning points I gain each week in my everyday life!
I enjoyed the combination of hands on creative exercises and quizzes. I will forever remember " You learn to be a designer by designing"
This course was great and the instructor was very helpful.  Peer comments also helped me to improve my techniques throughout the course.
I'm feeling very happy right now. The corse works really nice (teacher, fellow students, tasks). I'm going to continue my studies here!
This is a very resourceful and informative course. I have learned so many interesting things and gained knowledge about graphic design.
Great course! Simple and objective. All about art and the creation process. Much more important than just to know how to use softwares.
i had really fun time learning this course . The course are easy and simple and basic to understand the fundementals of graphic designs
The instructor is the best person for the job. His knowledge in the subject is just overwhelming. Thank you for sharing your knowledge.
each and every concept was well-taught, and the exercises gave the hands on experience that helped a lot in understanding the concepts.
Amazing experience, it was elaborated in detail and at the same time was put very simply in a way everybody or anybody could understand
It a good entry course for non-design background students to learn graphic design. It's happy to keep trying different graphic designs.
It was a very nice course and the video lectures was so helpful and thanks coursera for approving my financial aid.I loved this course.
Very Good! If you are a complete beginner it is ideal if you already know the basics I would suggest something a little more advanced.
I really enjoyed this course. I can definitely see that I have learned something. The assignments were challenging and fun. Thank you!
I loved this course, it is as useful and entertaining.I love the idea of reviewing others work, really it was perfect. Thank you !!!!!
Great fundamentals. Really gives you a taste of what's to come as well as setting you in the right mind frame to be a better designer.
very nice course for inspiration and to learn basics in graphic design.  I'm not beginner graphic designer,  but it was useful form me
I like the course a lot because I could not only work with computer but also with different manual techniques, that was very creative.
Great course! The lessons are really interesting for those who love Graphic Design and need to know and understand it from the basics.
Just brilliant. Fundamental concepts explained so gracefully and in simple terms that you just want to try them out and get creative.
Great course, many essential concepts deleivered here. It help to think differently, sharpen your artistic sense. Highly reccomended!
Great course! Even though it is quite basic course, it makes a great introduction and gives you an overall look about Graphic Design.
Love the class, I learned a lot. Taking simple idea to new level. I'm looking forward to taking other classes in this specialization.
The approach of the course is simple. Excellent videos helped me to understand the basics of graphic design. Helpful for a beginner.
Awesome course with a fun instructor who broke down all elements of GD into simple topics and made the overall experience a fun ride
This course helped me alot understanding the basics of design, different image making techniques, specially how to compose an image.
As amateur I was interested in graphic design. I had chance to learn the fundamental knowledge about graphic design as a discipline.
Really great introduction to Graphic Design and I love the encouragement throughout the course to play and have fun while designing.
Very helpful course for me!Bring me new way to improve my design skills.And the knowledge it sums are  really basic and significant!
I love how the instructor break things down so simply and easy to understand. The examples given are straight to the point. Love it.
Thank You so mutch. I loved to learn more about graphic design and the exercises was really helpfull. Keep Going, guys. We need you.
The course is great! Well organized, with good assignments and good lessons. The graphics and edition of the videos are really nice.
brilliantgreat to have a certificate and more knowledge in stuff i've been doing for years to promote my business venturesTHANK YOU
A great course with a simple approach for the beginners. It was the class to not only learn, but enjoy with whatever is being done.
I learned a lot in color theory and the uniqueness of simple shapes to create world-class logos. it also taught me to be creative.
Excellent course. Presented clearly and creatively. Looked forward to the Design Briefs. I learned a lot and enjoyed every moment.
It really helped me to understand the basic principles of graphic design. The assignments given was helpful to improve my skills.
I love the course! It's easy to do the homework and understand the class. And I have learned new things in a short amount of time
For someone with no background knowledge this was a easy and fun course to get familiar with the basic elements of graphic design
I love this course it is very enjoyable and contains all the information necessary for the designI would recommend it to everyone
really enjoyed this course and learnt so much. a must for a understanding into business brand and creating a brand you will love.
The concepts are communicated in a clear and organized way. Great visual examples are provided for understanding and inspiration.
It is a brilliant course. It is creative, innovative, fun and educational.Be ready to be surprised. Loved it and enjoyed it more.
The course was planned accurately, was very informative. After completing this course I want to learn more about graphic design.
Really good intro to design. Easy to follow, videos were interesting and informative and the assignments were not too demanding.
its the best course ever. the peers are so honest and friendly assignments are so good. cant wait for more courses from CAL ARTS
This course was extremely interesting and useful! I found out lots of things, which I will definitely use in my design-activity.
This valuable course gave me tools for creation and the most important for me: to value and discern in the vast field of design.
This course is cool! Good explanation of the concepts and the assignments designed in such a way that a feed back is guaranteed.
A solid introduction on the big picture of Graphic Design, I am so motivated to dive deep into more details by taking the class!
Best teachers from Coursera. Now I have some deep knowledge of graphic design.n thanks to Coursera and their teachers and team.
Very well understandable, the professor has an amazing way of explaining things and the work load was manageable and quite fun!
Great course. I took this first course without an interest in the specialization, but now... I want to finish all four courses!
Will be better again if we can have a return from the pedagogic team on the differents achievement done.Merry Christmas and HNY
Love this class on Graphic Design learned different types of imagemaking never new the different types or what they were called
I had fun! The instructor are great and all the assignments helped me developed and improved my creativity. Thank you so much!
Lovely! A comprehensive overview of concepts and techniques. A nice mixture of praxis and theory. Interesting and interactive.
it's my first time to complete online course , really i found it very helpful and attract me by new knowledge and information.
Such a fantastic course! Accessible resources, hints and tips, and useful and challenging assignments. I've really enjoyed it.
Really a lot of fun. It would be great if discussions were more active, but overall a good introductory graphic design course.
This course really piqued my interest in graphic design, loved how different the approaches were for the different sub topics
I personally had a lot of fun learning graphic designing. It was a great journey. The course was really thorough and helpful.
Bite-sized, understandable lectures with practical assignments. It's very good for something that's just teaching the basics.
Learned so much about design fundamentals that inspired me to learn more graphic design and excites me to do more. Thank you.
This is an amazing course for fundamentals of graphics .Techniques about graphics explained so well and easy to understand..!
This course is very usefull i have learned many things of basic graphic designing.Every beginer should do this course thanks.
This course made me gain new perspectives when I was at home. A perfect start for those interested in graphic design. Thanks.
The instructor has a nice, clean, uncomplicated delivery. All the assignments were fun and thought-provoking. Glad I took it.
Really deep dive and clear illustration for a beginner. Thanks, CalArts for offering the course. It's a good point to start.
Learning the Fundamentals of Graphics Design with Coursera is a great experience. Thanks to Prof. Michael Worthington & team
Good introduction to the fundamentals of graphic design. Assignments are easy and fun for the beginner learner to the topic.
I absolutely loved this instructor. The way in which he shared information is perfect for an introduction to graphic design.
This course provides a smooth path to learn graphic designing from the very beginning. Must do course for all the beginners.
Excellent introduction to the basic principles of graphic design. It made me excited to continue through the specialization.
Thoroughly enjoyed it, and learned a lot. Highly recommend it! Thanks to the prof and everyone who made this class possible.
Great start for people who don't know anything about graphic design, and a great refresh for people already in the industry!
Great introduction to graphic design - well paced, clear and the assignments were very useful to help digest the principles!
Just watched the first week and I am already excited about it! Please, I BEG YOU, make the Graphic design specialization! :)
This course is a really great introduction to graphic design. It covers the main fundamentals quickly but covers them well.
It's a quite simple yet satisfactory course. The exercises are easy yet challenging and really focus on the lessons taught.
I loved it, it was pretty clear on all their lessons, gave me the space to be creative, and the confidence to try and error
It is a fun and creative course. Love the way the teacher explains the concepts. The exercises are interesting! I lover it!
Good fundamental course, very practical. All the assignments are true hands-on work. Arouse the interest of graphic design.
Really nice introduction to fundamentals, very punctual, brief but juicy in content. So glad that I've found this Coursera.
Really useful course for beginners. It would be nice if some of our submissions is reviewed by professors instead of peers.
Very nice basic course, which encourages a student to experiment with simple things, which is the best way to get started.
A great introduction to graphic design which was highly enjoyable and was good to encourage exploration of new techniques.
It was very useful and helped boosting my creative & confidence level...So i strongly recommend this course to all novice.
I feel very proud to be a graphic designer, and I am very proud to have completed the course myself. Thank you very much.
Very good. I learned about everything basic stuff in graphic design from shape, color to typography and composition,....
it was very nice and positive for me to go over the basics of design, graphic composition, contrasts and process design.
Very good course that teach the fundamentals, before moving onto more advanced studies in Graphic Design specialization.
i am very happy to learn this course ,i learned different things  that is most beneficial for me in future. its amazing.
This course is very much helpful and recommended... there are lots of nuts and bolts to learn about through this course.
I very much enjoyed this course. It was very practical with the right amount of theory and a lot of practice activities.
I really enjoyed how hands on this class was! I was able to create some beginner Graphic Elements. Thanks for the class!
Very interesting, I liked the format. Easy to follow, nice exercises. It's actually good to cover the basics of design.
I really would like to thank you for this wonderful experience. I enjoined this course and the materiel we come across.
The course is good for beginners. I've realized that I've fallen in love with graphic design at the end of this course.
Excellent format for both beginner and more advanced students with optional projects and an easy to grasp presentation.
Thanks a lot! Great introduction course with interesting lectures and very good professors. I loved the assignments! :)
The course teach us some skills that are basics in graphical design. The teacher didatic's is very good and motivating
Best course ever the briefs are awesome it gives ability to us to perform real graphic designing at the very beginning
Thank you Michael! I learnt so much from you and I felt like it was well organized and exactly what I was looking for.
Very interesting, informative and a fun course. It surely is a good start of getting familiar with the specialization.
I liked that course and also the specialization very much. Very new subject to me, and it was fun to learn this stuff.
This course helps any beginner to understand the fundamentals of what it takes to create graphic design. Great course!
A great course. By showing the mutation and combination of elements, it makes design more approachable, and fun to do.
This Course is really good for basics. If you are a beginner like me, I will really recommend this course. Thank you.
as an architecture student this course was very useful and inspired me to explore more in the field of graphic design
Basic course to learn the principles of graphic design, with  very ilustrative and applied exercises, I enjoyed it ;)
Excelent course. It can help you a lot to enforce your design skills, or you can star a real career with this course.
The demonstrations in these videos were really engaging and inspiring and the course covered a lot of useful content.
Really practical exercises, I had a lot of fun making them. Plus, the feedbacks I got from my peers is very valuable!
I like it, let me learn a lot of graphic design of the basic knowledge, I will continue to learn later graphic design
Clear and engaging videos and instruction to get one started and engaged in learning the rudiments of graphic design.
Loved it! Really enjoyed the different methods used. A nice dose of fun creativity that I had been needing. Thanks :)
Very informative and inspiring.It is unfortunate that for optional assignment does not give marks. Only peers review.
A well explained course for beginners like me in Graphic design. Enjoyed the course thoroughly. Thankyou coursera :)
This was a great starter course. Covering the basics of design. Excited to complete the rest in this specialization.
It was easy but very creative and informative. A very good representation for a fundamental course.Thank you so much
My very first online course, and I really enjoyed it.I liked the assignments and the reactions, feedback on my work.
Great way to learn the fundamentals of graphic design and highly recommended for anyone looking to learn the basics.
Really great remedial start of graphic design.  Knowing very little going into it, I loved the pace and assignments.
Great course. Interesting and fun lectures, useful exercises. Awakes creativity in you.Thanks a lot for this course!
This course is very helpful to understand why some designers present certain information or things in a certain way.
It can be really helpful to improve the creativity, also it teaches you how to design with logic, not by randomnes.
I really enjoyed this course. It paired well with learning Adobe Illustrator and allowed me to learn along the way.
The course is very enjoyable. I observed the beauty of graphic design and also had fun discovering my creativities.
Intriguing, extremely well-structuredHand-on experience in every stepShort, crisp, to the point Enhances creativity
Great course. Really enjoyed it from day one. Got to try some stuff I didn't know I could do so that's always good.
This course helps to look at things, at design and instruments of design deeper and wider. It encourages to create!
Ii really enjoyed this course because it sets the basics - it is called "fundamental" and really it is. Thank you!.
Iam really excited to be a part of this course.I would like to continue to be a learner in calarts for its beauty.
Wonderful course for learning the building blocks of Graphic Design. Everything about it was thoroughly enjoyable!
It is very useful, easy to understand. This course really develop my skills in graphic design. Thank you coursera.
Great and awesome course. I learnt a lot of techniques in graphic designReally Awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
I learned a lot from this course and I am now working through the next courses in this Specialization as a result.
great introduction to the core of the art, helpful exercises and encourages you to keep practicing and having fun.
It gives a very good overview of the fundamentals of graphic design, also how to start thinking the graphical way.
Perfect short introduction to Graphic Design.I wish I could have dedicated more time for the optional assignments!
Great class, I learned a lot and with these basics I can now go on and continue studying this subject confidently.
Very fun and informative course. Does require somewhat of a working knowledge with Photoshop or similar software.
Absolutely loved the course! It was perfect, very well craftedThank you, Michael, you're a very good professor :)
Very interesting course with an engaging lecturer and format, an excellent hands-on overview of the fundamentals.
Excellent course, teaching methodology and assignments helps a lot in understanding and applying design concepts.
Not sure if this is possible, but it would have been cool to get some feedback from a professor as well as peers.
The fundamentals really helped me understand the concept of graphic design as a whole , and not just the software
It was a very helpful content to start with and take the initiative to do something creative later on. Thank you
I have enjoyed my study with Coursera. It has been a bit challenging journey but I am glad I have pulled through
It's a wonderful course I think. But a bit hard for a learner like me who have no knowledge about making shapes.
As an amateur in the world of graphic design, this course helped me recognize the building blocks of this field.
A clear, concise and well-structured course for beginners of graphic design! I really enjoyed the assignments :)
A complete course about the fundamentals of graphic design. The course is clear and the assignment are fun to do
I love design and this course has broaden my idea about design, thank you cousera for this wonderful opportunity
Amazing! This course makes me have a good understand of Graphic Design. I want to learn the specialized courses.
Excellent course, very well designed and prepared contents, top level instructor, clear and easy to be followed.
We can learn much more about  fundamentals of graphic design,some methods and  



technique. .It's very useful.
A great experience. Glad to have work and pass it. Thanks for giving me the opportunity to complete this course.
Very useful knowledge and practical skill. The assignments are interesting, fun and practical. Like this course!
I can learn all of basic about graphic design. I suggest this course , perhaps you maybe get the new knowledge.
Fantastic professor and great exercises to help create graphic design portfolio. Really good foundation course.
I really enjoyed taking this class ! The videos were very clear and well made ! Thank you Coursera & CalArts :)
Excellent. Really gave me a perfect immersion in the world of Graphic Design. I sure am more knowledgeable now.
Excellent course. Interesting, simple (in a very good way) and very engaging. Loved it. If only it continued...
Great introduction to Graphic design. This course gives students  basic but important tools to start creating.
This great course to improve my knowledge of graphic design which is simply not just knowing colors. Thank you
Absolutely amazing course. Speaker was very knowledgeable and thorough. Assignment were relevant and engaging.
A strong course that helps develop your skills in the world of graphic design based on scientific foundations.
I love the material! I learned a lot from this course about the basic skill of design. Learn by taking action!
this was very educational yet i was not bored. i like the hands on parts most. overall it was astoundingly fun
Very well-made class I enjoyed the videos and found the instruction enlightening and guiding at the same time.
Loved it! Short, clear and relevant. Great for introduction into Graphic design and its principles. Thank you!
Seems as though all the essentials are here in a very efficient manner. The assignments and fun and inspiring.
It is a very clear and well designed course, I really feel like I have already improved as a Graphic Designer
This course helps me a lot to know more about graphic design. I learn more from basic to more complex design.
It is really helpful course to gain knowledge about Graphics Design.I have leant many new things. Thank you👍
It was a great course to take, going through all the basic elements of graphic design. I highly recommend it!
The modules are structured very well. All the concepts are explained from the basics so it is easy to follow.
Basic Information but very informative to a beginner! Get a good understanding of the fundamentals of design.
Awesome tutorials! Learned so much more about graphic design theory. Great class with fantastic explanations.
Super course! It helps to learn and systematize basic knowledge of graphic design. Very useful for the start!
I love the course. It has covered all the aspects required to understand the Fundamentals of Graphic Design.
Great course, all 4 weeks were super interesting and provided lots of insights and tools for moving forward.
Very interesting and a beautiful course that gives you the essential basics needed for the graphic designer.
It is a great course for the beginners.There is a lot of things to learn.I think it will help me in future.
An amazingly designed course that can be readily applied in day to day graphic and visual content creation.
Clear instruction with good examples in lessons.  Some of the students are pretty harsh in their reviews...
The course was very information and interactive. The teachers made this course a very enjoyable experience.
I really like this course. It's simple yet very interesting!Thank you, Fundamentals of Graphic Design team.
I learned a lot from this course. Thank you California Institute of the Arts for this wonderful experience.
This class was a really great overview of Graphic Design!  I learned a lot and and inspired to keep going!
This was a very basic, easy intro to graphic design. I have no experience but enjoyed the course very much
It is a very complete and useful course to understand the bases of graphic design. I totally recommend it!
Well explained basics which will make everyone interested to go deeper and learn more! Highly recommended!
I really appreciated Cal Arts' approach.  This felt more from heart and organic vs. other typical courses.
It helped me to learn the fundamentals of graphic design,it likes a key which can open the door of design.
It is truly a lot of fun to experiment and to find your own way of designing during this class. Thank you!
The course is a good place to begin making graphic design choices to avoid clashing messages and signals.
Thank you for let to learn all about this course!. it was very helpful and exciting! i want to lear more!
Amazing introduction to Graphic Design. Highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in learning more!
Wonderfull course, as a beginner was able to get more knowledge and know the basics of graphic designing.
I could learn different ideas to do graphic design using various shapes, size, contrast and direction etc
I learned a lot of things that I didn't touch at least, which helped me a lot in my future study and work
It's very handy and I've never learned such a good courses that help my self-study a lot! Totally thanks!
Nice Cource! Understanding principles of design on the practice. Easy but very good, effective exercises.
The course gives fundamental knowledge, as promised. I like videos and the way how material is presented.
Awesome course! I thought the lectures were really thorough and assignments were a great way to practice.
I learnt a lot in this course like shape and color and much more and i enjoyed this very much and thanks
Good experience . I've learned how we can make creative and expressive images with different techniques.
Fundamental but very useful information. The instructor encourages you to think creatively all the time.
Excellent course! Learned so much and the modules were easy to follow. I would recommend this to anyone.
it was very useful, helpful and all i need to know as fundamentals or basics was in there. Thanks a lot.
It comes with a lot of exercises which made me learn concepts that I've trying to learn only by reading.
Thanks California Institute of the Arts for this course! It gives me opportunity to study graphic design
Really interesting and really passionating! This really pushes me to do a University of Design later :)!
I love the course, it really helped me to see my images from another perspective. Thank  you very much!
It was very helpful. It helped me improve my art overall.  Thank you so much for this wonderful course.
Real an good experience and learning time.. had nice learning hand on basic things from the experts....
The most basic, interesting, and deep course about design, with great teacher and really good homework.
An inspiring course.I've learned a lot by experimenting. It would be better if there's a mentor for us.
Interesting and well-thought course for graphic design. Looking forward to earning more on the subject.
Great quick course to introduce concepts that everybody should be familiar with, really easy to follow.
Very useful and interesting course. Waiting for more courses from your university about Graphic design.
Best thing I've been involved in this year (except for my baby boy of course). Exciting and inspiring.
It was really enjoyable! I love the course and making graphic design. I definitely learn something :))
It was the perfect way to work with my creativity and get some basic knowledge about design. Thank you
this class is very useful , very systematic. and you can learn many useful skill about graphic design.
Great content and super clear assignments. It makes you try to find ways to express things differently
Had a chance to learn the basic perspective of Designs and well organised and quality content overall
Great! Gave me great exposure and insight into graphic designing. Definitely very good for beginners.
Lovely course, Michael is a really good teacher and everything he teaches you is interesting. 100/100
This course is awesome! I have learnt much information about graphic design from this course. Thanks!
Really great course, and I think the lectures were nicely done, easy to follow, and very interesting!
It is a good starting course and the teacher makes the process easier to understand. Basics clear.Ty.
If you're any interested in graphic designing, this course will help you out for certain. Just do it!
A very great course to achieve all the great fundamentals of graphic design. And lectures was awesome
I am very happy to attend this course which I learned a lot and thank you for giving this opportunity
The pace at which the course went was amazing, the teachers were amazing and I learned a lot. Kudos.
I liked this course as I was able to learn so much and the teacher was so good, learned many things!
loved the way it proceeds and the way assignments are designed and the teacher. fun ride! thank you.
Very good course. It has clear and nice useful information. Easy to learn and interesting activities
thank you so much professor, i learned a lot of things from you and you made me love this field more
great and practical course! i´m really glad i decided to go for this specialization. very insightful
What a wonderful introduction to graphic design. Thank you for sharing you knowledge and enthusiasm.
Thanks Coursera and my teacher Michael Worthington for a wonderful experience of learning at home .
Extremely insightful especially for an amateur in graphic designing. Provides you a good headstart.
It was a fantastic course and taught very well. I loved the tasks and all the new things I learned!
This was a very thought provoking course. I took a lot away regarding the basics of graphic design.
Beautiful experience. This course changed the way I looked at images.Thank you so much Coursera. :)
Its a good course to start off the journey towards graphics design. I highly recommend this course.
I didn't expected this education.but I've learned many thing and I was able to build my basic skill
I love to do it! It's so much fun to create and experiment. The descriptions and lessons are clear.
I had so much fun and learned so much. I plan to take this course again just to do the assignments.
I absolutely love this course. It's complete, precise, easy to follow, and ignites your creativity!
Great introduction to the basics of graphic design.  Interesting presentations and fun assignments.
A good, fun and very didactic introductory course. I'd like to have more courses on graphic design.
Awesome instructional videos, super clear and concise information that's easy to digest and apply.
the thing i loved the most is they taught it very very welllike we are kids and in simple language
Its really a marvellous course anyone can learn graphic skills by giving some lil effort into it .
Awesome course! I learned a lot. I liked it so much that I went on to take the rest of the series.
It's an excellent course. I learned a lot and I could practice everything I've learned. I love it!
i'd like to thank all who works to give us much more information to understand with easiest way ..
Totally engaged into this course, I can wait to finish it and start a new one following this path.
Great course, I have personally enjoyed the peer-grading experience that was a new concept to me.
It was so fun, learning experience and learned a lot! I wish I could learn in Calarts campus haha
Probably the best Course for the beginner in graphic design. i have learned a lots of new things.
Great class, really helped me to develop a stronger understanding of graphic design fundamentals.
It was well taught... and the process were very ok.I have learnt a lot and gained more knowledge.
Simple starting with, but as the courses move forward, things get more interesting and compelling
This course has been great and I have learnt things I can start applying to my job straight away.
Great course, excellent introduction to Graphics Design for me as a developer and a non-designer.
Very interesting course on Graphic design with a good structure and playful creative assignments.
One of the best courses out there to learn graphics design.Helped me a lot learn all the basics.
I wanted to know about the very basics of graphics design, and this course offered me just that.
I like this course, because it gives basic design background and teaches you thinking out of box
i cannot thank Michael Worthington enough for such a wonderful experience and engaging lectures.
Fantastic intro to anyone who's never attended an Art School but wants to pursue Graphic design.
This was a great course for those trying to try their hand at Graphic Design for the first time.
Loved this course. Very interesting and fun to experiement with the different aspects of design.
Loved the course! It was magnificent and I learned a lot! Great organization from team Coursera
I am soo happy to complete this course. This course helped me a lot to improve my design sense.
This course really helped me. I am really learned lot of things & gained more Knowledge. Thanks
Great course, basics with great examples and tasks.Optional assignments provide great feedback.
great course! I really enjoyed the lessons and the assignments were great and very interesting.
you learn so much form so litlle, from simple to compmexity, everything altogther is rewarding!
Just excellent, really help me understand and teach to other the fundamentals of graphic design
Really wonderfull,this course will help beginners to have a nice idea about graphic designing.
Great overview for new designers and a refresher for those who have basic design/art knowledge
Excellent material and gets you motivated to keep on learning. Seamless step by step teaching.
This is a very important class for me. It help strengthen my skills a lot.Thanks you very much
It is interesting course for getting familiar with basic terms and concepts of graphic design.
A comprehensive program that focuses on design and practicing design with tons of exploration.
It has been really helpful for building base for basic graphic learners......appreciate....(Y)
Useful course for the beginning level graphic designers and develop  art skills in the person
Incredible course arranged by the institute , helped alot in understanding the core concepts.
That was amazing experience I have on attending the course.Thanks to the respective teachers.
This is a pretty good course overall and provides a fair balance between theory and practice.
A great course to learn the basics about graphic design, and start thinking more graphically.
This course really understand the theory of design and its value. A must learn for a designer
I started to build a good base to Graphic design with this course, I am so satisfied, THANKS.
absolutely loved the course.. it was fun and engaging and definitely learnt something from it
The course was very helpful and fun at the same. Looking forward to learn more from Coursera.
Superb overview and presentation of the concepts of design.Very clear and interesting.Thanks!
For anyone who wishes to understand and develop the essential fundamentals of Graphic Design.
Excellent course as an introduction to the graphic design world and it' s principle concepts.
Interesting concepts learnt and I look forward to taking more courses in this specialisation.
Well organized and well presented. The projects were appropriate and useful. I learned a lot!
Very basic courses, very useful, especially for design thinking. Thank you for your teaching.
I really enjoyed all the lectures and making project works was really interesting! Thank you!
Good balance between theory and practice. I've learned a lot about composition, color use etc
It`s a great course for the people who study design and want learn more abut this profession.
I think that this will help anyone that is trying to get into the Graphic Designing industry.
Learned a lot of things about imagemaking,contrasting,composing etc.Thankful for this course
Sparks up interest in graphic design, it's really only the basics, but needed for beginners.
Thank you. It's very useful information and I and I'm sure it's can help me find a nice job.
The course answers all the questions that non-designers might think of about graphic design.
this is an amazing course , it taught me to make an image give a message and also designing!
The nicest part of this course, it really talks about the main fundaments of Graphic Design.
Extremely well informative and well delivered course. Made graphics designing better for me.
Great course for a beginner. Lots of assignments which is the best way to learn. I loved it!
I think this was a great and effective course for Graphic Design students just starting out.
Excellent starting point for those who are eager to learn about the abc's of Graphic design.
A great course to introduce to the fundamentals of graphic design with an enjoyable approach
Great course. Of course, it's a small start, but I think I'm just beginning to 'get' design.
Excellent course! This course is better than University classes in Brazil. I recommended it!
It's a great introduction to Graphic Design!!!Really amazing !Congratulations from Spain ;-)
Very inspirational course. Great tips and amazing opportunities to gain hands on experience.
Very entertaining, easy to understand and the most important thing is the practical part :)
It was a very successful course. I developed myself in graphic design. Thank you very much.
I thought this was a very well organized introductory course. I got a lot of value from it.
Very Informative course. like it very much. Learnt lot of basics witch I don't know before.
excellent course. as a beginner got a broad knowledge and an idea to follow along the way !
Excellent! A great overview of the design fundamentals. A great fit for complete beginners.
I have learned a lot about typografy and texture of images etc.I really loved this course!
Informative and easy to follow. The information is presented in an easy to understand way.
after taking this course i can tell that i learn something. thank you coursera and calarts
I loved it! It's really the fundamentals but you learn and a very interesting and fun way.
Excellent!! Wonderful teaching and it went well in an organised manner. Thank you so much.
Great Course to make the basics of Graphic Design and Love the way the instructor teaches.
Fantastic course, really well presented and delivered. Just what i was looking for.Patrick
Really enjoyed this course, wish the other courses in the specialization could be audited.
Great course. Make sure you plan time to do all of the optional exercises, they are great.
Very good and educational contents. Great practical exercises that help develop knowledge.
Excellent introduction to graphic design, I really enjoyed the lectures and learned a lot.
I learned a lot from this course and it was very flexible, interactive and easy to follow.
Helped me a lot to understand the basic work and elements I need to work more in my field
It is really clear the concepts, I love the way they make you understand each one of them
The course outline was very well made and I really enjoyed it every minute. Thanks a lot!
Very good to learn. Contents are impressive.I've learned about graphic design. Thank you.
I'm so passionate  about this course. Would definitely come back to finish up someday....
Excellent and effective course which builds up our creative way of thinking and reasoning
it's so helpful for me , it guides me to know fundamentals of graphic design, thank you !
Loved the teacher, loved course work, so happy I found this course. Well worth the money!
This course inspired me a lot. I enjoyed learning graphic design. The assignments are fun
I learned a lot and it was an excellent test of my foundational Graphic Design knowledge.
Great course. Clear and concise review of the fundamentals of Graphic Design. Thank you!
It is great to use the basic design elements, they are impregnated in everything visual.
It's a great course for beginners. Michael Worthington is an absolutely amazing teacher.
Thank you for introducing graphic design from roots and making me think about it deeply.
It is an amazing experience. I learned a lot off new things that will enhance my skills.
This course teaches your eye how to see things as a designer,It's widening the horizon .
I very much enjoyed this introductory course and will continue on in the specialization!
Thank you for the amazing course! Very cool, helpful exercises and informative lectures.
Is an excellent course, very professional and good planned. I learned a lot. Thanks you.
Great course, I learnt a lot, the teacher is passionate, precise and clear. Thanks a lot
I really enjoyed everything about this course, I'm so happy I had the chance to take it.
I loved it, very informative and truly a great starting point for all the other courses.
This class taught me very clear ideas, it inspired me, it has made me a better designer.
Impressive. Great Idea and professionalism. An excellent foundation of starting student.
Great, great course. Really comprehensive overview of the fundamentals of graphic design
Great introduction that give the learner the foundations and lets them explore by doing.
A great pleasure for me to be part of this awesome course. I have enjoyed it as a child.
Great course, easy to follow and a step by step guide into the world of graphic design.
It helped me overcome my fears and enabled me to learn graphic designing more actively.
It's overall a really enjoyable and fun course, that gets you to experiment creatively!
I enjoyed every single video and every single task! Looking forward to the next course.
I have taken several courses of graphic design, but I still learned a lot and loved it!
In this course,i have learned lot many things tools and techniques.It improved me a lot
The instructor was very experienced, and it was a great opportunity to learn under him!
The format was interesting and rewarding. I learned a lot and got hands-on of practice.
In this course, I learned a lot of basic knowledge of graphic design, and gained a lot.
Great introduction to graphic design, started me off on the right path to a new career.
Very informative and a must if you looking to start your journey in Graphics Designing!
Fun, hands-on and very interesting! Loved the assignments and the layout of the course.
I got a very good insight into how simple yet innovative graphic design is, Thank you.
This is just awesome for the beginer.Because it's contain the basics of graphic design
Michael is a great instructor, very concise and on point. The exercises were great too
Very interesting, it helped me to discover new skills and improving the existing ones!
The lessons are easy to follow and packed creative knowledge and helpful tips not B.S!
Amazing and unique experience. Clear information with a lot of detail and application.
Very useful course. Gives me a different perspective towards image, art & typography .
Excellent material for beginners who don't have any experience with Graphic designing.
Great combination of listening to information and trying out ideas for peer feedback.
Best course to understand the different kind of writing styles and designing of Logos
My first Coursera course, but I found it very clear, informative, and easy to follow.
I liked the course, I've enjoyed doing it as well.  Instructors was great, Thank you!
Honestly got me waaaaaay more interested in Graphic Design! I'm so happy I could cry!
This course was very helpful to build up the basic experience. I decided to continue.
Excellent overview of the basics for non-designers looking for some design knowledge.
I found this course to be enjoyable. I also have brushed up on my skills. Thank you!
this course It was very useful  I enjoyed and learned a lot. Thanks to the teachers.
I learned a lot of things, its my first course and I will keep learning in coursera!
I absolutely loved the course, I learnt so much, and the hands-on part was the best!
Was very helpful and has really changed my perspective of his I view my surroundings
Absolutely loved it. If you are interested in graphic design... this is your course!
Great course for beginners, it is great for making first steps into this profession.
Great course, the peer-review assignments are the key to the success of this course.
Awesome course!It has been a really good and well organised! I am greatly improving!
Good content, it explains with so much clear and simplycity! Really love the course!
Excellent course. Thoughtful introductions and good briefs. Enjoyed and learned lots
It was a really wonderful experience. Could learn many techniques and implement it.
It was a fun course and looking forward to finishing the rest of the specialization
My first course and I can't wait for the next ones. Recommend for the beginners! :)
best fundamental course to clear your basic doubts and to start with graphic design
very intersting course - a lot of fun to study - i wish it was a bit more in depth.
This course is very useful for those who do not have a background in graphic design
Great course, where you get all the essentials covered. Really enjoyed this course!
I ended up having a clear understanding and management of the graphic design basis.
Nice cource, that inspire you to try more and not be afraid to experiment and test.
Superb content.  It is a must-do course for those who want to grasp graphic design!
Great intro to graphic design.  Covers a lot of concepts in a short period of time.
Awesome course.  Well presented by an experienced faculty member.  Thanks coursera!
Vale a pena fazer este curso! Muito bom!This is a very good Course! It is worth it!
This course is amazing. Learn a lot of basic thing which was unknown to me earlier
Absolutely amazing. This course has helped me a lot. Thanks a lot for this course.
This course is amazing, I have gained a lot of skills, I recommend it for everyone
really loved the content and would like to go deep into every aspect in the course
I must thank all the teachers, designers, and staff who contributed to this course
It is a great opportunity to lear about graphic design. I really enjoy the course.
All the basics of graphic design have been efficiently taught through this course.
Really great opportunity.  Love to do the course. Thank you Coursera and Cal arts.
Great course! Now I start to create and don't affraid to make mistakes. Thank you!
This course got me excited and encouraged me in discovering graphic design basics!
I thought that this course was very effective in what I wanted out of this course.
Everything is well explained, and the assignments are interesting and fun to make.
A great introduction into the basics of graphic design.  I would highly recommend.
Great course covering the fundamentals - great assignments that get you thinking.
Learned new concepts and procedures of converting or creating fantastic graphics.
Very nice course. It teaches you basic concepts and the exercises are very fun :)
The examples in the videos are really educative and helps learn more practically.
Excellent introduction to graphic design. It is a short course but very complete.
I'm very glad I did this course, and I was thoroughly engrossed in the exercises.
it's a perfect course to start with design studies, complete and well sintetized.
Great introduction to graphic design... well explained, clear concise instruction
Clear descriptions. Course starts with the basics and expands in a logical manner
its wonderful. learners also  get practical knowledge to use their graphic skills
I am really enjoying the course and am hoping more to come from this institution.
The course is quite subtle, but still very informative if you are a newbie to GD!
Excellent and well guided introduction to Graphic Design principles and thinking.
I loved all themes of this course. Learned a lot and made my bases in art bigger.
A great challenging course that will open your eyes and change your imagination!
Excellent introductory course. Lessons were engaging and projects were exciting.
It was a wonderful course. Looking forward to do more courses from the institute
All basics covered. Hands on projects/assignments were cool and was fun to work.
It has been very pleasant and very useful. A fantastic base to continue learning
It is worthwhile to follow this course, it will be worth a lot to reach the end!
Wonderful class! Look forward to taking the next in this specialization! Thanks!
The course drives home certain basic principles of design. Extremely insightful!
Really useful and totally inspiring course! Highly recommended the novice you or
It's really interesting, well paced, engaging... A really nice course, for sure!
Great course, entertaining assignments, a lot of information. Good way to start.
A really good course for beginners. Lets you know the basics of graphics design.
Wonderful, fast-paced outline of how to begin to think like a graphic designer.
very good course, i learnt too many thing about Fundamental of Graphic Designer
it was a great experience and i am much excited to learn more on graphic design
Great course! helped me a lot to understand the fundamentals of graphic design.
Very interesting process, it opens the mind to new areas of thought, thank you!
I have lernt a lot from the course. I can pick anytime to study, which is good.
Great class! Would take is again just to work on my skill and get peer reviews.
I loved this course and really gave me a basic understanding of graphic design.
Absolutely a must for people who are serious about getting into Graphics Design
This was a lot of fun.  It was great getting helpful feedback from classmates.
i really loved, i didnt really know that i just want to be a graphic designer.
Everything is clear and I enjoy the process of learning. Thank you once again!
I love this course. its help me to gain basic knowledge about Graphic Design .
great instructor, good sense of humor, and emphasis on making lots of designs.
help you a lot in the basic concepts, clear explanations, and fun assignments
Amazing Course.This cource has developed an eye of mine towards things I see.
Enjoyed every bit and gave me the interest of pursuing a career in this field
I'm glad to take this course. The way they taught was amazing and very simple
It was a very nice intro at least fro me that I am not relevant to this field
This course is full of information that is needed to start as graphics design
I am really pleased with the knowledge I gained after completing this course.
I am very happy I enrolled in this course. It's insightful and knowledgeable.
Great course. Instructor was easy to follow along to. Would highly recommend.
Great course! Awesome teacher, interesting material, and manageable projects.
Excellent!!! I wanna learn more and more about this world of graphic design!
I really enjoyed the course. It has really enhanced my graphic design skill.
It is a very fun simple course and you learn too much, I loved it 100/100 :)
Amazing, highly recommended. This course made me realize I like creating art
Very nicely composed classes with very informative conversations. Thank you.
Is a great introduction to Graphic Design, and gets your creativity flowing.
If you want to learn basic design theory this is the right course to enroll.
Very focussed and Awesome learning experience for a person who knew nothing.
Awesome course with practical assignments, good teachers and good examples .
This is exactly what you need for the basics of knowledge in Graphic Design!
Opened my eyes on how to create art and different ways it can be represented
learnt the very basics. and got a broader sense about it. much more to come
They guide you step by step with instructions that are very easy to follow!
Much gratitude for this course!. I am not very artsy still I learned a lot.
This is a great introductory course on the foundamentals in Graphic Design.
I have very useful feedback from the peer grade assessment from this course
Professor Worthington was awesome and I learned so much. Thank you so much.
Excellent course.. I love fundamental of graphic design. Highly recommended
It has many great information and was also easy at the same time valuable.
had a great time and gained a knowledge that helps me in my thought making
I liked this course this much it taught me new things about graphic design
It's a must for someone who wants to learn a little bit more about design.
I found this course enjoyable and easy to follow. very useful information.
Great first look at graphic design -- just what it says: the fundamentals!
I Learned more from this course such as how to think as a Graphic Designer
this cores help me to under stance what is fundamentals of graphic design
This course is an excellent approach to the great world of graphic design
Very Good! I really learned interesting and helpful things in this course
Great introduction to graphic design! Loved the pace and the assignments.
beautiful fundamentals , thanks for the lessons, and all this information
So helpful and so interactive way of teaching. Gained a lot of knowledge.
I learned a lot on graphic design here and I really enjoyed the homework.
Enjoyable course that really does cover the fundamentals. I have a much g
What an Excellent Way to Re-Cap!!!!Thanks Cal Arts....Thanks Coursera....
Great basic concepts of graphic design and balanced number of assignments
Great course! Lots of usefull information. I used it to refresh concepts.
Very good lecturer, has very good command of English Language. Impressive
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. Thank You very much for the opportunity!
excellent, I recommend it,  thanks for the opportunity, I learned a lot.
this course was a well presented code and instructor was explaining good
It will be very helpful for me as a new boy in Graphic Design Community.
It's a great course for beginners and students intrested in this course.
its really good for people without any background to learn about design!
Great course, you are not only learning you also practising your skills!
Very informative and really very amazing course I learned from coursera.
I loved the course, i learned a lot from it and it was very very useful.
Still yet to find a better introduction to Graphic Design than this one.
so helpful. this course is an easy way to learn basics of graphic design
I'm so grateful to Coursera, to CAL ARTS and to Mr. Michael Worthington.
Easy understandable fundamentals of graphic design with practical tasks.
Great course! I strongly recommend it to anyone studying graphic design.
Excellent, easy to understand and step by step instruction! Thank you!!!
Very nice introduction course, on my way to become a graphic designer :)
Amazing course! great for people who are interested in graphic design :)
Great course, very engaging and useful !I  hope there will be a part II.
Very helpful course covering all the important aspects for a new person.
I really liked having taken the course, due to the dynamism it handled.
Amazing course, I got very good theoretical knowledge from this course!
I got the chance to really understand the terminology of graphic design
I only audited the course, but this is an excellent Graphic Design 101!
I really enjoyed this course as a beginner with no previous experience.
Really great and helpful. it helps to look to art from different point.
It was a learning experience to get other people's views on my designs.
Good course to learn more about graphic design and some aspects. Thanks
Fantastic. Amazing quality of teaching, must be one of the top courses.
I encourage this course because it has many exiting features and tasks.
Great way to learn the fundamentals of graphic design through practice.
it was useful for me. i learned a lot and now understand design better
The course was really useful. It opened an another dimension of my eye
IT IS A GREAT COURSE, TO ACQUIRE KNOWLEDGE OF DESIGN, I AM SO THANKFUL
A very Nice and interacting course for the beginners. Nicely Explained
Perfect! The course opens so many ways for thinking of Graphic design.
The class was very helpful and a great introduction to Graphic Design.
Amazing instructor with very well but simply articulated fundamentals.
This course covers a great variety of important subjects in a fast way
Excellent course for people wanting an introduction to Graphic design
it's a great course to learn about basic of graphic design, thankyouu
great course, thank you coursera, calarts and mr. michael worthington
excellent course. my  thanks and greetings  for CALARTS and coursera.
This is really helpful for me to understand basics of graphic design.
It was amazing doing this course. I've learned a lot and I'm grateful
Real good course to learn all the fundamentals as a Graphic Designer.
very good course for beginners, especially if you don't skip practice
fantastic instructor who makes everything approachable and memorable!
Enjoyable and covering a wide range of basic, foundation information.
Excellent !!! really amazing. i learn a lot. waiting for new courses.
Excellent module with simple and concise explanations. I recommend it
Very good course for starters who want to understand - Good Work ;) !
Nice course! I learn a lot about Graphic Design. Thank you very much.
Absolutely clear and rational approach to fundamentals. Thanks a lot!
It was so much fun to complete this course and I really learned a lot
it helps me to improve my knowledge in colors and shapes composition
thanks because you gives me the hand to discover the world of design
taught me alot about the basics of graphic design. Very fun projects
Instruction is great, projects are great, grading system is sub-par.
Loved This Course!! Thank You CAL ARTS For providing this content :D
I think this course was great to understand basics of graphic design
This is a great course if you want to start learning graphic design.
Very helping course for all and heartiest thanks to the instructors.
This course has made me understand many things as a graphic designer
Excellent teaching. Great way to start the career in Graphic Designs
This course gave me a much needed knowledge on designing aesthetics.
Exceptionally interesting and Great Assignments for your Development
The program is useful for me to get a taste of doing graphic design.
This is a very interesting and valuable course. I really enjoyed it!
an efficient overview for a beginner without any relevant experience
Concise introduction to the basic building blocks of graphics design
An excellent starting point for anyone interested in graphic design.
Very good. I am not major in graphic design, but I learn a lot here.
It's a grear course site... I learn lot of new thing in this course.
Enjoying it! Thorough, effective, a great opportunity for beginners.
in my opinion, it was an amazing course that I could learn so much.
Liked the peer review and opportunities to practice what was taught
A very nice course , helped in learning the basic of graphic design
It was a great experience and the first step towards Graphic Design
Acquired a lot of knowledge through this course. Thanks to coursera
I loved this course, it help me to understand more about designing.
This course is amazing , the way instructor teach us is excellent .
Such a wonderfull experience. Used an easy language for beginnerss.
Everything is from basic and topics are explained very effectively.
Excellent overview of the fundamental principles of graphic design.
Great insights and Info on Graphic Design. I learned a lot. Thanks!
Thanks for this course. It helps me to learn graphic design as well
Very fundamental. Nice introduction to the field of graphic design.
I'm new in Graphic Design and this course was a great introduction.
A very complete course with many applied exercises. I recommend it.
Great bunch of courses for skill development in graphic designing.
Very interesting and involving, the best one I have joined so far!
As being a beginner, I learned a lot thanks to my amazing teacher.
I am not the same man that started the course, graphic design wise
Excellent Course to kick start the journey as a graphics designer.
Great Course, Great Assignment and Great Teacher. Loved the course
An interesting and orderly course on the basics of graphic design!
Very good intro course with touches of everything we need to know.
Very Amazing course easy to understand Thank you all Coursera team
Excellent course, I learned solid knowledges. Thank you very much.
I like that it was dinamic. Videos were great and not bored at all
GOOD!I can learn something about the foundation of Graphic Design.
this course is amazing! very good choice for entry-level designers
this course really gives you the fundamentals of graphics design.
Very in depth. It is extremely detailed or a fundamentals course.
perfect course . takes you in basics which is great to start with
The professor is so good! Very interesting information to listen!
I like this course so much, highly recommend for beginner like me
I loved the course. It was great. Looking forward to taking more.
Provided a solid and comprehensive introduction to graphic design
Excellent course with a really great teacher! Many thanks to you.
Good start, I am getting hungry for graphic design knowledge :::}
I loved the course. The assingments were very appopiate to learn.
interesting simple way of learning, thanks for the encouragement.
Amazing course! I hope you will do something similiar again soon!
This course make me more creative and I really love this course.
This is amazing. I am thankful to you for such an amazing course
Very easy to understand and pass all the required assignments :)
It is a great course for to start your journey of Graphic Design
The most valuable point of the course is to encourage practices.
An excellent option to kick start your career in graphic design.
Excellent course 👍👍 so many new things, new design I learnt...
I ganed lot's of new knowledge and challenges during this course
I JUST LOVED! THE VIDEOS, THE EXERCISES, THE TEACHER! MARVELOUS!
Awesome course, I learnt the graphic design fundamentals indeed.
Excellent course to learn the fundamentals. Highly recommend it.
Good stuff. I've got out of it what I've expected and some more.
it really inspired to create things with different  physic tools
They are very basic knowledge, but very useful and illuminating.
One of the best graphic design courses I have taken, I loved it.
Recommend this course to everyone who is interested in this area
Well explained and detailed teaching. I loved doing this course
Taught me when I didn't think I would be able to do, thank you.
Learned a lot from the course and the instructor. Thanks a lot.
It's a great course if you're about to start graphic designing.
The way of teaching is very creative and easily understandable.
Really enjoyed the course! So good and necessary for beginners!
I just starting but the I feel this is gonna be awesome course!
Extremely helpful course even for experienced graphic designers
really loved it! felt like a learn a lot, thank you a lot!!!!!
The teacher was awesome and teach in a very detailed easy way.
Really easy  course! A good gateway course into graphic design
A great course to get you started with basic of graphic design
It's just been I week I am into Coursera , and I am loving it.
Great course for complete beginners. Lots of hands on projects
Very interesting introduction to help you start graphic design
An excellent introduction to the principles of graphic design.
Very good introduction to graphic design.  Highly recommended.
excellent tuition. Wish the quality of peer review was better
Very informative and fun course. Enjoyed learning the basics.
I am a newbie designer so all terms and concepts are helpful!
Thanks a lot for the awesome course! Lots of learning for me.
Good course, everything is clear and intelligible!Thanks you!
I discovered new ways of creating design through this course!
Excellent Course. Lot of learnings. Well illustrated as well.
Fantastic Course! You will find something for you - for sure!
This is the best Graphic design starter pack for all people.
I really like the way in which the course has been designed:
It is Really great work from Coursera for us.Thanks to them.
I really enjoyed. This course made my designer skill expand.
Great Instructor! Clear explanations and examples! Thank you
I liked the instructor's approach and movement of the course
Really interesting excellent course of Basic Graphic Design.
It was a very specific, fun & Great to complete this course.
Great for beginners & people looking to revisit fundamentals
it is very clear and not complex at all it helped me so much
It is a useful course for people who started graphic design.
this course provide some fundamentals to improve your skills
Topic and videos, very good, perfect explanation. Thank you!
Perfectly challenging and the course covers the essentials.
The information and the work are super clear. Great course!
I have learned some new design techniques from this course.
I am really happy and thank you for letting me learn a lot.
I have learned a lot from this course.  Highly recommended!
Excellent introductory Graphic Design course. I recommend !
Very good course, great help to me, hope to learn in depth.
i really got new experience and information from that track
I really enjoy this course and all the activities involved.
This way of learning at my own pace was very very helpful.
This was a very good introductory course to graphic design
I enjoyed the course. It improves my skills and knowledge.
I have learnt a lot about design. This course was helpful.
It is a very strong start for any beginner in this field .
I like this course and the way how it gives information. I
I like this course. i would like to continue the next one.
Absolutely sensational course! I'd take it all over again.
Clear, concise and efficiently overview of Graphic Design.
Excellent enterance to world of design.Thank you lecturer.
Excellent course to understand basics of Graphic designs.
Excellent, neat and to the point explanation of concepts.
It's a great lecture for people who start graphic design!
it is a really basic course with great tips for beginners
Really fun and engaging course, I would highly recommend!
Excellent videos, quality and way to make it interactive.
Very good. High quality material. I recommend. Thank you!
Really interesting course and a good pack of information.
Nice introduction that is useful in the following courses
Very useful and funny: I enjoy a lot doing the exercises.
Excellent Course...Got a lot information about designing.
I'm so in love with this course! I want to take it again!
I learn so many things. thank you dear Sir. great course
its really good to study about the basics graphic design
This course was very informative and helpful. Thank you.
it was an exceptional experience learning with Coursera.
Really enjoyed fundamentals loved doing the assignments.
Interesting and, so much helpful for a beginner like me.
Go to the point, easy to understand and very productive.
Very informative and essential for my growth. Thank you!
W1 - CompletedW2 - CompletedW3 - CompletedW4 - Completed
Very interesting, very clear. Take it without any doubt.
Very good introduction course with explorational aspect!
I was satisfied by the content and the pace of learning.
i had a amazing time to learn from coursera ..thank you
Got to learn a lot. This course will help me in future.
Great course, I have learned many things in the course.
really help me to understand more about graphic design!
Condensed and thorough. Great course with a great host.
love it when it has little do to with software learning
great course for beginners interested in graphic design
very good course and of course the teaching was awesome
very easy to complete plus peer review is also awesome!
Very well explained, quite informative, just brilliant!
Great course. Taught me the basics in an excellent way.
It's a good course that I can learn a lot about design.
I loved this course! Very informative and very helpful!
I love this course! It is fundemental and interesting .
Keep on doing these kind of courses! Thank you so much!
Un bon rappel des bases, merci encore.www.brandelys.com
This course is really good as a beginner level course.
A great and well-organized course. Highly recommended!
This was amazing introductory course to Graphic Design
It was a pleasure to do an online course with coursera
Excellent Introduction to the field of Graphics Design
Excellent intro to the fundamentals of Graphic Design.
Amazing course to get hands on idea on graphic design.
Amazing Course, well organised and excellent teachers!
This course is superb! Thank you for offering it here.
Best course for people who are new to Graphic Design.
Very well explained and crafted educational material.
Very usefull basic concepts of design, I'm gratefull.
Very nice, this course helped me a lot, i'm thankful.
The assignments are fun and useful to learn by making
Well explained and have many interactive assignments.
A real treat. Was a pleasure. Aesthetic and fantastic
A great course to begin understanding graphic design!
Awesome .. I enjoyed learning with coursera thanks 😊
Had an excellent time learning a lot of new concepts.
The course was fruitful. Learned a lot of new things.
One of the best course to start your design journey!!
concise but I have the essential for beginner like me
Great course! I learned so much and stretched myself.
Great starting point for getting into graphic design.
This is best course I've ever had! Thank you so much!
Excellent to learn de fundamentals of Graphic Design.
This course gives a basic material but really useful.
This is a great course! I learned so much, thank you!
I enjoyed the course and working on  the assignments.
This is a cool course, and helps me a lot! Thank you!
Excellent.  The best Coursera course that I've taken.
It really is helpful program. it ave me huge lesson.
I've learned a lot from this courses! Great teacher!
The course was really interesting and I learnt a lot
I love this course. It,s very helpful for beginners.
This was a great introduction to the specialization.
Very informative and potential course for beginners.
very nicely organised and well explained in details.
very insightful and easy to understand for beginners
Easy to follow, even if your English level is basic.
I really liked it! Learned a lot of new information.
A very good way to know the basics of graphic design
It is a very interesting course, I've learned a lot.
Very concise and holistic approach to Graphic Design
Very good course to get started with Graphic Design.
Great way to learn fundamentals and practice skills.
Fantastic. First day and learned so much. Thank you.
thank you for this course. I enjoy everything on it.
very informative and yes, one learns a lot of theory
Great course! recommend everyone who likes to design
Really helpfull to start working on graphic design!!
Easy to catch and feels amazing to know the basics.
A lot of helpful tips in this course. I enjoyed it.
Great and very creative, Taught me a lot! Thank you
interesting tasks, and easy to understand materials
Love the instructor's way of explaining everything!
I learnt a lot of new things, and had a lot of fun.
This course was very interesting and useful for me.
Very Informative, with interesting and useful tasks
The best foundation for a graphic designing course.
This course was well designed and very informative.
Very Interesting. The Illustrations make it better.
Amazing course. Learnt so much. And still learning.
I love the course, it really empowered my creative
Great course to start your Graphic Design studies.
As a beginner, I learned so much from this course!
Great course! I got a lot of new ideas. Thank you!
Really fun and interesting, as well as affordable.
Very interesting and a great start for a beginner!
Great videos and explanations! Highly recommended!
very clear explanation and straight into the point
It's one of the best online courses I've ever had.
Very systematic and full of main knowledge course!
very nice and amazing time learning in this course
I loved it so. I'm an art maniac so I found it dea
it was an awesome experience to learn on coursera
It gave me another perspective of Graphic Design.
All the stuffs are greatly organized, loved it ❤️
Very knowledgeable and great for starting artist.
i learn alot of things thanks to my great teacher
It was perfect, well structured and to the point.
I had one of the best learniing experiences ever!
I have a lot of fun in this course. It was great!
Full of useful information, very well  organized.
Clear direction, get more ideas on Graphic Design
excellent foundation for Graphic Design learners
Great course ,I really enjoyed during the course
thank you so much, Coursera. its helped me a lot
Really! I have learned the design ideas. Thanks!
this was an amazing course! thanks a lot CALarts
it is a great platform for improving your skills
Great knowledge of Graphic Design for beginners.
Very complete and best for creativity to emerge.
I've learned so much from this class. Thank you!
Great course, clearly explained...learned a lot.
Great course with a lot of knowledge to soak up!
Great content, very detailed and easy to follow.
Excellent material, very interesting activities.
Really creative, insightful and fun; five stars!
Best Graphic designing course for the beginners.
The course is clear, simple and easy to hand on!
Great course! Amazing teachers and good content!
Thank You!! Grate course and really interesting
Wonderful , Inspiring, and highly professional.
very intuitive, well explained, easy to follow.
really I like this course because very amazing,
useful, helpfull  and amazing coursera loved it
it was an interesting and amazing experience...
Great instructor, cannot wait for the next one.
Good start for the newbies in Graphic Designing
Very great lecture, interesting tasks/projects.
Awesome course with lots of learning and fun!!!
Hands on learning Experience...!! thanks a lot
It was amazing. Thank you for the opportunity.
Great fundamental course for Graphic Designing
Learnt many basic graphic rules, very helpful.
good course.It helps me to improve my thinking
Great class with extremely useful information!
it is simple and full of content for beginners
Good to explore my knowledge in a better way .
It is amazing experience to learn this course.
Very interesting and useful! I really enjoyed!
It's so much practise here! I like it so much!
Good course. I can use these skills on my job.
INCREDIBLE. I really learned from this course!
I learned so much from this course. Thank you!
Great course and great teacher!!!! Compliments
Excellent experience with this online course.
It's an amazing course and I really enjoy it!
It's one of the best I have taken! Thank you!
It was very interesting course for beginners.
I learned so much from this course.Thank you!
This course is absolutely good for beginners.
It was an enlightening experience! Thank you!
It was very interesting and useful! Thank you
GREAT COURSE, EVERYTHING I EXPECTED AND MORE.
Great course for beginners in graphic design.
A great way to get started in Graphic Design.
A great course to help understand the basics!
Good to know basic elements of graphic design
This course is just awesome for begineers...
An inspiring intro course to graphic design!
easy to understand, help me to know de basis
A wonderful basic course to step to the next
Great class! Learned a lot! Good instructor.
Excellent experience with tutor and platform
Meet all the Requirements as expected by me.
one of the greatest courses i ever attendant
I learned a lot of skills. it is very useful
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, thank you!
Fresh and motivating. I enjoyed it very much
A good kickstart to learn graphic designing.
Great course! High quality. Good peer review
I like design much ,this course will be nice
Very practical course, making complex simple
Most useful course for beginners...thank uh
Very good, informative, simple and complete
Clear explanation! Very easy to understand!
you guys are simply amazing. gained so much
Quite intensive for an introductory course.
AN EXCELLENT COURSE TO LEARN GRAPHIC DESIGN
Engaging video content and fun assignments.
Very  useful course and I really enjoy it .
very Great! I learned a lot from the course
Prof is really nice and very knowledgeable!
A fantastic introduction to Graphic Design!
I like the exercises

they are very useful!
Actually very useful and important course.
Good course to begin with Graphic Design .
A very good course for art loving students
Beautiful course especially for beginners.
Amazing! Learned a ton in really less time
It is a great course. I like it very much.
very informative and really well explained
The course is very interesting and useful.
A lot of useful information for begginers!
very good course, I learn a lot from this
I love the course it was very satisfying.
It is a great course and I learned a lot!
A very useful and necessary basic course.
It was really good for beginners like me.
Good to learning more about the graphics
Excellent introduction to graphic design
very good course and very well explained
I really enjoy the courses!! Thanks alot
Really enjoyed my time doing this course
it was a great experience and i loved it
I loved it. It was very helpful and fun.
It was an amazing experience. Thank you!
Quite an interesting foundational course
i loved this course. it was very useful!
It is so amazing, I have learnt so much.
Really helped me to learn graphic design
I liked the course! Thanks for the work!
Excellent course, with very good content
Refreshing, modern and excellent course!
I love this course very much! Thank you!
great introduction to the basic concepts
i learn a lot in this class . love it .
its an amazing course .i learnt so much
I LOVED THE WAY THINGS ARE TAUGHT HERE.
This course is excellent for beginners!
thank you very much i  love this course
Great journey.Enjoyed  learning basics.
Eye opening course.Must for a beginner!
Great way to start on the design world.
Got great feedback from other students.
Fun assignments and informative lessons
A great introduction to graphic design.
Really helpful! Thanks for this course.
Great Course!  You must enroll in this.
Very encouraging to practice from day 1
A great course that I highly recommend.
It's a great course to participate in.
Awesome way to learn graphic design :)
Very impressive! Thanks for your work!
This is a good start in Graphic Design
Amazing course with amazing classmates
Great course for beginners! Thank you!
A very practical and inspiring course!
Perfect amount of theory and practice!
The course is amazing and inspiring)))
Great interactive learning experience!
Great course for begginers! Thank you!
Very useful and well-organized course.
Great content and practice exercises.
It was a creative process. Thank you.
I loved this course. It was so fun :)
Very succinct, effective and engaging
I learnd so many thing in this course
it was great practice and information
Very good experience. I learnt a lot.
Great course if you are a beginner...
Well-made videos, strong assignments.
Great introduction for a broad theme!
Thank you for this excellent course!!
Very cool, very practical. I love it.
good course structure for beginners !
like the course thats really helpful
Its a very good course for beginners
This is so interesting and feasible.
Thanks so much for this opportunity.
I have really enjoyed it, Thank You!
Very beneficial course for beginners
Really helpful course for a beginner
Good course design, I learned a lot.
Thank you for such great experience.
Easy to follow and very informative!
Great and helpful course! Thank you!
really eye opening fun and educative
Very interesting and "to the point"!
clear instruction and easy to follow
Awesome!!! i really enjoy the course
Easy and simple introductory course
Fabulous - well worth every moment!
It was a great course. Learn a lot.
Structured, detailed and practical!
Course is very important and useful
Its good course for basics learning
Very clear teaching. Learned a lot!
Fun to test out lots of approaches!
very helpful and good course it is
A very fun and informative course!
Much varied and easy to get along.
Overall Best Experience and Course
Wonderful course, really good made
great learning .amazing plate form
it was good and easy to understand
I really learned from this course.
Great introduction course! Thanks!
Very useful.Thank you very much...
Excellent for learning the basics!
Simple and very good for beginner!
Interesting and funny assignments!
it is a very knowledgeable course
This course is absolutely amazing
Thank you for everything, Miciel!
worth it but  a little bit boring
the method of theaching is superb
very interesting and professional
Really good !!!!!!! Thanks a lot.
very very important for everyone.
very good resources and lecturer
I loved it! I'm very thankful (:
I'm learned new things with fun.
Very Fun and educational course.
Simple, Informative, Affordable.
This course is very informative.
Very good class, I learned a lot
A very nice introductive course!
Great explanation and activities
Basic but super strong. Love it!
Thanks for this exciting course!
Concisely convey the essentials.
Great intro to the fundamentals.
This is amazing course I love it
Very interesting and insightful!
Comprehensive and useful content
i really enjoyed this course <3
Basics of Basics but beneficial
Excellent! I really enjoyed it!
Fun, didactic, and challenging.
its good to learning new course
It is a wonderful way to learn.
Very good course for begginers.
I loved this course. Thank you!
It was an amazing basic course
Very insightful and enjoyable!
very simple and helpful course
very useful and helpful course
Good Liked the way of teaching
very infomative and intresting
intrusting but more time taken
Very interesting and creative!
Basic Graphic Designing skills
An amazing course for beginner
Very detailed and informative.
Very informative and exciting.
Excellent introductory course!
Really good course. I love it.
nice course,very helpful class
great course and great lecture
Very interactive and effective
Useful and interesting course.
Awesome course! Learned a lot.
Very informative and hands on
Fun, interactive, educational
I love it! Thank you so much!
Pretty neat I really liked it
the way of teaching  was good
This helpful for the beginner
Wonderful, i learned so much.
overall the content is a good
Really easy to follow and fun
its a wonderful course ever .
WONDERFUL BEGINNERS COURSE!!!
Nice Course i really enjoyed.
Very interesting, thank you.
a good and beneficial course
It was a fun course to take!
This course is really useful
i loved it ,great experience
I REALLY LOVE THIS COURSE...
Great and valuable course!!!
Found it very inspirational!
Love it! Highly recommended!
Amazing and helpful course.
I really enjoyed the coruse
Great course for begginers!
Great course, learned a lot
I had fun in this course :D
Awesome experience! WOOAHH!
Its is very awesome journey
Simple yet spark curiosity.
this website very very good
Excellent and a lot of fun!
Great! Fun and interactive!
interesting and fun course!
So usefulThank you so much
Really useful information!
Really nice for beginners!
Easy to understand topics!
Worth every single second!
Loving it! So far so good.
I really like this course.
A great intro to the field
Love it - very interesting
Interesting and innovative
Absolutely awesome course!
it was a good experience.
I have a great experience
i learned alot. thank you
Amazing flow of contents!
Very helpful and thorough
it was interesting course
great class great teacher
I really like this course
Great inspiration source!
Loved this learned a lot.
Im glad to be part of it.
Great foundation course!
Informative and creative
excellent course reallly
So nicely built content.
Pretty good, educational
Good course learn a lot.
A well-organized course.
It was really fun to do
It was very educational
Explained wonderfully !
we learn so many things
Thanks for the lessons!
Wow what a course it is
Great course and tutor.
Simple and effective!!!
Its a wonderful course
Excellent from A to Z.
learnt a lot thank you
It could use an update
this course  very good
Very helpful. Amazing.
Very inspiring course.
Very nicely delivered
very very good course
Very Very ..... Great
i really learned alot
Very good and useful.
Splendid inspiration!
Exactly what I needed
it is a great course
it was a nice course
thanks for your help
Great. Learned a lot
Excellent, very good
I loved this journey
Completed 01/05/2020
it was really useful
I enjoy this course!
Learned quite a lot.
Clear and Organised.
i have learned alot
thank you very much
I LOVED THIS COURSE
So good and helpful
Fun and insightful!
Really good course.
Very inspirational.
very awesome course
Very nice thank you
brief and helpful:)
Great！It's amazing!
Very good lessons !
It's awesome course
amazingly practical
Short but succinct
very satisfactory!
all the Knowledge!
Fantastics course!
Amazing course !!!
it is informative
Very proffesional
Love that course!
I really love it!
Really empressive
AMazing course!!
amazing loved it
Good experience.
nice this course
thanks very much
learned so much!
Wonderful new in
Challenging one!
awesome i think.
It was amazing.
creative course
Great content !
Creative course
Very Helpfull.
very excellent
I'm very happy
Very pleasant.
LOVED IT!!!!!
great mentors
great class !
Mind opening!
good course !
This is great
learned alot
Great base!
the root GD
really cool
Thanks all
best tutor
LOVED IT !
Phenominal
Realy cool
I love it
It nice
Great c
