People are not reviewing assignments. You don't get any feedback from the professionals!
The course is slow-paced and thorough but the necessity to have 3 peers review each assignment means it can take over a week to get a grade, by which time the student has moved on to another topic and lost the flow of this one. In addition, the final submissions are extensive and take a significant time to complete - I dont think this is worth it for a mere "specialisation" certificate and I have ended the course early, frankly disappointed and tired of chasing fellow students for a grade. There do not seem many people enrolled on the course and I have seen many submission over 12 months old, which the moderators still recommend I grade. I think if I were waiting 12 months for a grade on my pre-school-level "app flow chart" then I probably would have asked for my money back by that point.
The content is somewhat interesting, but the instructor teaches in a super dull manner. Even the visuals are mostly white text on black screen. Someone might say it's creative. Well, not for spending 4 hours a week staring at it.  Peer-graded assignments do not provide valuable feedback, because most of the students do not care about it, it's mandatory, and made to get "done" in the completion progress. If you are looking for a right UI / UX course, consider another course or platform.
The course is very good and I recommend it but I, as a beginner, needed much more time for completion, than the suggested 3-4 hours per week. This is way too unrealistic! So, I suppose this course is not for beginners or the time for completion is not enough? That's why only two stars from me.
Quite old and outdated
Nice course, just wished I could get feedback from the instructors as well.
The course has been super helpful in understanding the difference between UI and UX. How to think of content vs design and how to craft your app to make it user-friendly. However, I find the peer-graded system pointless because a) Our peers are inexperienced to give an informed opinion (We are all still learning, which is why we are participating in the course) and b) a lot of times I have received feedback from fellow students saying they couldn't view an image, as they couldn't enlarge it or a particular page did not open. Not being rated for these sort of reasons is just unfair if the person has genuinely put in effort into their assignments.
Informational classes, interesting assignments, challenging timetable. The problem isn't the class itself, but the overall way the class is conducted. You get zero feedback from the instructor, and the peer reviews the class relies on for grading was, in my experience, basically useless. Many peers, when required to leave a comment on your assignment, simply enter a period and move on. I understand that with so many students it's impossible to give everyone a professional review, but there needs to be more stringent standards for peer grading.
I would like to be presented with a more realistic estimate of the time needed to complete the different assignements in the course. Although you can complete the tasks requested in the time given, the visual quality and the interaction quality of the work is compromised. Sometimes the content seems too repetitive. Especially now that I'm staring the next part of the specialization, the concepts seem even more repetitive then.
Nice One.. this made me competent enough to build the UX on my own..!!thanks..!
I find the video content and lectures to be excellent and incredibly instructive. I was very frustrated by the peer review system, however. People gave very confusing feedback that sometimes was blatantly untrue. Also, the majority of the grades are done by "fair," "good," and "excellent." If you give someone "good" marks across the board they receive a 75% which is barely passing.
I would have loved to get feedback from the instructor at some point rather than relying just on peer feedback. Also, too much focus theory and lectures. Would be good if the course was more practical. But overall it is good as it is super detailed and I actually got the chance to build something for my portfolio, and also learnt how to use Adobe XD.
The only problem is peer reviews. It takes so long to receive grades, else this course was very useful, and a lot better than the previous one in this section
The course content is very good and the assignments too. Not 5 stars because of the peer-graded system. You literally cannot avoid some unfair grades just because some of the peers didn't manage to read the description properly or don't even understand what splash screen is and set scores by their own understanding and judgements.This is very frustrating and demotivating when you get an unfairly low score for the weirdest reasons after you spend hours to complete your assignment.
This course teaches the basic understanding of UX Design. I really enjoyed the projects and the projects review. I don't know if I can include the projects in a portfolio and ideally would like to get instructors feedback as well as peers. Overall, I now have an understanding of a UX Designer.
Excellent course, it was helpful for me to review the process of app development. I think it's important for students to do this course in combination. with other online courses/trainings and realigns though. I don't think this is enough to get started in UX.
The course is well structured. Really pushes you to apply the concepts learnt while doing assignments. But peer graded assignments is something that I did not like. Most of the times you don't get a valuable feedback.
Very useful to understand how to build sitemaps and wireframes. Good assignments, I learned how to use Adobe XD to finish the course. Also, I have combined the previous knowledge acquired in the UI course.
I loved the course. Starting from basics they have covered everything. Only problem is students copying other students work and posting it. Something needs to be done about that
This is a great course, be prepare for a lot of homework on week 2 and keep in mind you will have to learn Invision at the end, even though course is designed around Adobe XD
The course is really awesome!! But I feel there isn´t enough time to complete the final assignment cause is required to learn the basics of a prototype software
Excellent course. i wish student could have access to a data base of  jobs where they could use and develop their recently acquired skills
I enjoyed the course, and it helped me a lot. I just think the course should have a professor support, to review the peers and grade it
Great course although had a hard time with getting reviews for my assignments and productive/constructive comments.
I suggest "the peer review" can include one instructor or expert so that students can get a better feedback.
This course is awesome provides a lot of info about UX its better than all courses in this specialization .
This course gives very practical info on how to create prototypes from scratch, using actual design ware.
Very nice approach or the UX design to start being a Graphic Designer more oriented to the UI side.
i wish there was more hand holding on new software troubleshooting while makign prototype
Course was great - peer reviews were not super insightful
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. I highly recommend this!
Missing the information to use softwares like adobe xd
Needs a more intermediate level of assignments
great course! learned alot from this course
Really Great!
I really enjoyed the class and learned a lot. It was broken down into nice sections. The last week took me the longest to complete as there was a lot of work that went into this assignment. I think that the hour estimates for each week of the course is based on doing the bare minimum. I spent longer each week. I didn't realize at first that there isn't much interaction with the teacher unless I would post a question in the discussion area. The homework is only reviewed by peers. It is helpful sometimes, but it would have been nice to get feedback from the teacher at some point, too. Overall, a great class. Thank you! Colleen
Good course, the example of perfectly organized information and easy study process. Informative and easy to understand videos and other materials, external links and advices. Quick support on forums is also a valuable thing. Thanks a lot to CalArt members who created this course.
I loved the course! I learned how to make a digital prototype of an app idea, what the process is, what tools to use in order to make it, how to organise it and save time and ask for feedback. I enjoyed it very much! :D
I've been a designer for a long time and I have done UX/UI for awhile. This class still opened my eyes to new concepts from design to site structure to user engagement. I can't wait for the next class in the series.
Excellent course. A lot of very valuable work is done in this and it's great the execution can be as detailed as you want it to be. Highly recommended.
Excellent course, up-to-date, relevant and the best UX course I've taken in the past few years.
This course provided so many hands on learning experiences from flow charts to creating sitemaps to understanding and making wireframes to understanding prototypes and coming up with a clickable prototype to finish the course. This course helped me understand the process and stages of UX Design. I feel confident moving forward to my next course in the UI/UX Design Specialization. Special thank you to Michael Worthington. Your videos, instruction and examples were very helpful.
Perfect for me. The only thing is there is no enough sample or practice. For example; when you finish your week. you can not see any samples. What kind of pdf, or prototype should I upload? etc. My suggestion is it can be added at least 1example by tutors to see what they are or peers expecting to review. Otherwise everyone do their evaluation and give '0' point. this was very important for me during the course.
I think this was excellent course and gives me confidence to start practising UX Design professionally. The course was easy to follow thanks to Michael Worthington teaching and excellently made learning videos. I also liked the interaction with other learners, who made few good points about my designs, and giving feedback. Overall a very good first Coursera experience!
This is a very informative course for a total beginner like me! It is fun and challenging, but after finish the entire course, I feel that I have the fundamentals for UX design, and ready to move to the next stage! BTW in order to finish all the assignments,  I took another week to learn Indesign and DX for it. I took longer than I expected, but it is totally worth it!
A great course for those who want to get started in the UX/UI design of apps. The quality of the video lectures is superb. The exercises proposed are well designed to practise the contents learnt in the lectures and the progression is just right. A good choice if you are interested in becoming a better user experience designer.
The course is short but very condensed. You learn all the basics you need that are probably covered in longer courses. It helped me to build my first app prototype! I fully recommend not only this course but others which are offered by Calarts as they are very interesting and provide good basics to start your career in design.
I can not explain how grate was this course . before it i feel myself always so confusing in ui/ux design. I have searched a lot in internet and read more about ux and ui design . but i dont feel satisfied . now , because of this thoughtful course , everything become clear for me . thank you so much .
Michael is a truly amazing and articulate instructor. Going through all of the steps involved in UX/UI design when it comes to designing an app was super insightful and a great way to gain crucial knowledge about the industry. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who wants to learn UX/UI design.
This course is really great for someone who wants to get started in UX design. The videos are brief but thorough and the assignments help you delve into the subject deeper by being hands-on. I'd highly recommend this course for anyone interested in UI/UX design.
I was very happy with this course.Gave me a good idea about UX design including how to create wireframes and making a digital prototype in a new software. You definitely need to put in some work of your own to go from wireframing stage to digital prototyping.
Excellent! The course is absolutely enriching. The content is impeccable, and the weekly tasks help to put into practice what has been learned. The teacher is very good at explaining, and the content of the videos is of high quality. Really excellent!
Exceptional! I feel very comfortable when praising the course, mainly for the dedication to which it demands from us. It has been very rewarding to study something new with the level of delivery that CALARTS has for the content.
I really enjoyed doing this course. There is so many and valuable information that enriched my knowledge. Now I want to learn more about Ui/Ux and I am looking forward to finishing the last two courses of the Ui/Ux program.
Learned so many skills! Wirreframing and creating sitemaps was really helpful and challenging myself to learn Adobe XD really made me feel accomplished! The material was always engaging... I've finally found my passion!
Loved it..peer graded assignments are also great..they really helped me understand concepts better..I suggest anyone taking this course to do it full heartedly and complete all activities even if they are optional.
The course was very insightful and intuitive, I was able to understand the basics of UX design fundamentals along with a structure of how the thought process should be when one thinks about user experience design.
Michael is an amazing instructor. I really felt like I was able to grab all of the basic aspects of UX Design. After this course, you can use your new knowledge to create more prototypes and improve your skills.
Very good course!It was difficult if you have never used the software before...steep learning curve.Worth the effort, but I think a lot was assumed in terms of student's experience level.
Very easily interaction of mind eccentric human interaction feeds and understanding of Design & human interface design. I will recommend every UX designer to once get into this course.
Another great course by Michael, he teaches efficiently and engagingly and squeezes the key points into short and concise clips. The coursework is also fun and challenging. Thank you
This was an excellent course to learn how to design and create prototypes, but also and which I think is the most important, how to interact with information through decision making.
Great course. A little more detailed for just the second course than I thought. Great course and I am learning a lot about this process. I really think I enjoy this type of work.
although I found this class is very useful but I think it would be better if the professor has the chance to review students work, not just reviews from other students.....
Very nice course, it allowed me to discover adobe photoshop a bit. Also, content mapping now plays an important part in my thinking process when I think about new projects.
It was a well structured course i've ever learnt!! Wonderful learning experience.Thanks to the lecturer and team members who responded quickly to all the student queries.
My favorite course in the specialization. The course laid out practical steps to help develop an app. I'm very pleased with the level of detail in the course materials.
Good course, it gives basic knowledge of UX process, it was my first time when I made content maps and site maps, and it was really helpful in developing my app
This is an amazing course, It teaches you the technical and theoretical part in detail. Amazing course and a great instructor. This course broadens my horizon.
Very nice I really enjoyed every step. Material is helpful. I used the skills here to apply for a job and during the assignment the hiring manager was amazed.
Excellent course. Course i pretty challenging, forces students to really dive into the principles being taught. I really enjoyed working on the assignments.
Adequately detailed and exercises force you to work even though they are fairly easy and straight forward for some, they still give a meaninful experience.
great course. I rolled it into my "running a design sprint" certification I completed. These are great to roll together and get a more broad certification.
The structure of the course really provides a good learning curve and allows you to create your own realistic project with appropriate, real-world tools.
The course is excellent for beginner designers. I got basic knowledge and now I know in which direction to move further and what to study further. Thank!
If you are into the design field, sometimes it might feel a little bit boring. But if you are a newcomer I think it is a really good start to UX field.
The journey is well constructed. The course gives you in-depth knowledge to understand the experience part of the User experience. Kudos to the team!!
Awesome course! Loved it and have already recommended it to friends. Easy to do, learn a ton and I am excited to develop my app with my new skills!
Very succinct and to the point. Learned all the main elements of the subject. Gives a great overview to consider a deeper dive into the subject.
A very nice course to allow me to finish the whole process of a high-quality project that is quite presentable and systematic in my portfolio.
A hands-on course with concise videos and key points to remember. Good insights in UX-fundamentals to jump into the next level. Thank you! :))
learned how content is organized and structured to create an experience for a user and how build skill set in UI or UX for app and web design.
Every assignment was a part of the app case study, that's very effective for me, it gave me confidence that I can make a complete case study.
I learnt many things from this course. This course is very helpful for developing sitemap and clickable prototype. overall its very good.
An excelent structure and content! Made me realize many more possibilities when designing an interface and the user experience around it.
Good for a beginner but still need to add something for intermediate level. Also need to explain some more about UX side. Overall Good
Great course! pushed me out of my comfort zone, where usually is when you learn the most. But at the same time completely manageable.
I loved the whole journey of this course . nicely explained very much satisfied with the progress i have made through this course.
Very informative and a good in depth look at the UX process that includes user testing, mapping, wireframing, and prototyping.
Very interesting course, I learned a lot from it. I would love some feedback from a professor at least in the last assignment.
Great fast paced course. I was a beginner before this course and I know have the confidence to add UI/UX design on my resume.
I enjoyed a lot. If you spend some more hours by yourself in adjusting and applying UX to your prototype you can gain a lot!
This course is great for knowing the UX part of the mobile app. I have enjoyed very much about working on the assignments.
Very good course to understand the basic principles of UX design & it's correlation with UI design. I highly recommend it.
This course could say having some related with the first course.Students could learn a lot, if learning both of them.
Mr Micheal is a good teacher SO i am encouraged to complete UI/UX  DESIGN 4 COURSESTHANKS TO COURSERA AND CAL ARTS
Very insightful and practical. Working through some of the assignments along the software makes it more dynamic.
I Think this course its really complete for anyone who its starting on the UX design world, I totally enjoy it!
Clear, direct and a very good insight to more concise ways of understanding what makes a good user experience.
Pretty useful, I love to learn with  real design examples and it was exactly this course. Thank you very much
Fun course that taught me a lot about how to organize the features of an app to keep it simple and coherent
Great course. I've done a few UX courses in the past (outside this site) but this one is the best, by far.
The best course of UX design . The professor is an extra ordinary . His teaching method is super cool.
great course which gave me confidence to take the intermediate courses and finish the specialization
Wonderful course. Everything is clear and a lot of useful information. Thank you very much!!!
A great course! A lot of fundamental technics that are very useful to build your first app.
This course helped me to level up my UX design skills and equipped me with great knowledge.
Professor in this course explains the concepts very clearly and on point. Liked the course
I love this course! I learned a lot. I wish the course lasted longer. Thank you, Michael!
I like this course! You can come through process of creating mobile apps! It is awesome!
Thanks for providing clear information about UX design in fundamentals. Really love it.
Mr. Worthington is very understable and the lessons are better than some Udemy courses.
learn many things from these course.. so i would like to thanks coursera & cal arts :)
The course was great! the videos were easy to follow and understand thank you so much!
It's amazing! I really liked the gradual development - from the idea to the prototype.
This course was great, the videos were full of great information and I learned a lot.
I learned too many things about UX design the teaching was really easy to understand
My opinion is that the training was very complete.  I learn a lot about UX concepts
Great course I learn a lot and I got the chance to practice and create a mobile app
Totally the course to take if you're getting into UX Design. Highly recommend this!
Great insights into User Experience, definitely applicable to my work in Branding!
Michael Worthington, I am much obliged for giving me a good 'student experience'.
thankyou very much sir! great experience learning UI and UX design fundamentals!
Very Nicely programmed course. Has helped me taken a step forward for my goal.
I really loved this course it was really helpful to know new horizons in UI/UX
Great course to complete UI principles from previous course with UX mindset
I was a beginner at UX, but after the course I fell confident in my skills.
This course is a must. I learned a lot and I am grateful to have taken it
I liked a lot, congratulations to the quality, keep in this way. Thanks!
Really enjoyed the course! All the assignments were fun and challenging
The Lectures Practice assignments as well as assignments were awesome
good course, I recommend  for those who are imterested in UX Design
I loved the class . But I wish there was more classes on prototype
nice way to learn things and it could have been more appropriate.
Those courses are good for beginners and helpt me to learn a lot.
Easy to follow whilst packed up with useful knowledge and tips.
There are no words to show how the course was great and useful.
Excellent methodology, I love this system, I go at my own pace.
very interractive and very easy when im doing it. thank you :)
I really loved it :) I enjoyed it and learned in every class!
I learned a lot from this course. I like all the assignments.
It was amazing to learn the fundamental things of UX Design
A great course to get the basics of UX Design Fundamentals!
very good course and very practical. I learnt it from zero
Great course. Teaches the building blocks of UX projects.
Nice and simple first step of UX. Thanks for the course!)
Great course! Very practical, fun and useful assigments!
It was excellent. I learned a lot and I have new ideas!
I loved actually creating something for my portfolio!
Great course content, very helpful weekly assignments
great course for the beginners you get to learn alot
this course taught me so much, the instructor was A1
Excellent course! Feel like I'm learning something:)
It provides the elements to start a design carear.
It was good to learn more knowledge with Coursera
It is usefull. I learn too much from this course.
Tough to complete but taught a lots of things :)
This is a great starting point into UX design.
Great course for UX designers and well made!
Had an awesome experience with this course
Thank you coursera for this awesome course
Interesting class. Learned much about UX.
Very usefull platform to build our skills
Very important if you are UI/UX Designer
Excellent course, thoroughly recommend.
Very good  series of course. Thx you.
Amazing Course! Got to learn so much.
Informative and interesting course.
well explained topics of UX Design
Absolutely loved it, very helpful
Great course for the beginners!
it was a great exprince thanks
Wonderful and easy to follow.
It was instructed very nicely
The you teaching is fantastic
Great course, i learnt alot.
one of the best way to learn
Very accurate and Efficient.
I really loved this course.
its good easy to understand
Amazing ! Just loved it :)
To the point ….. I love it
good course nice learning
Enjoyed building the app!
Best way to practice UX
Basketfull of learning
nice a good expirence
Nice plan and scheme
Awesome explanation!
Very Nice Teaching!
very comprehensive
Very Easy to learn
Great content 👍.
It was good!
Insightful
