Peer reviews is the worst.  That is the worst idea, how can you allow someone that has no skill decide the outcome of someone else's grade?
This could have been a very good course, but for the idea of peer grading. It just does not work. Most people's comments are purely subjective and come from very little knowledge, skill and/or experience.  Shame!
You teach very strange visual design. Straight out of 90s. I don't know what to say, just look at Dribbble and all the design trends happening all over the world.
Does not provide any useful knowledge for improving skills. The course only talks about the basics that most of the individuals pursuing UI UX already knows.
I was extremely excited. Then, into the course, first week, there’s no instructors, all peers, who don’t answer you for days on the forum.  No email to anybody.  And the worst is it, it says it’s a beginner course, but they don’t teach one thing on how to use any of the programs in Adobe creative suite. So you were unable to do any assignments because some of us have no idea how to use the programs.  Most of the people in the program are complaining about something. Too bad, certainly not well done at all.
Terrible program for learning. You really need to already know how to use ALL the programs and ALL the skills because other students will rate your work well below average. I worked o projects for days and other students expect A+ work to even give a pass. For example one said the TYPE on my button was not legible yet is was regular font at 18pt. I am not sure they are even real people.
IT doesn't fit me because i don't have graphic software I've cancelled my participation and somehow it appears like I'm still registeredplease let me cancel it
This course needs a lot of work. It's a good run down of UI/UX but it needs more parameters letting everyone work on various different platforms is dumb. You'll have people completing work on Figma and some in illustrator at various skill levels making peer reviewing pointless. There should be requirement that you have to use illustrator and photoshop no exepction and give a discount code to people without it. There should be a level of standard to get this certification  that doesn't seem so .. easy. I think creating a barrier of entry of completing other certificates of design could change the distance learning landscape forever but also allow people to really develop. Also the curriculum is also terribly lazy. Just my opinion though.
The course mentions that this is an introductory course with no prerequisites, however, if you do not know how to use designing tools such as InDesign on Sketch, it's tough to complete the course. The course also relies on peer-reviewing assignments that I feel are the worst. The graders don't do their job properly and reduce points for no reason. When the TAs are asked about it, they have a standard response to these problems but no solution. Absolutely not worth the time and effort.
This course's lessons emphasize very abstract notions, without much specific guidance. I grew tired of hearing the instructor's videos rambling on and on without much substance. Instead, you get a lot of vague, entry-level ponderings, phrases such as "what you've got to think about is..." or "you have to make decisions about..." As much as this course likes to bill itself as "hands on" or project-based learning, you aren't going to get there through the instructional content.
The instruction is good  but cover things more like an overview. The idea of using peers to grade assignments is awful.  There are no constructive comments by the  reviewer I  had, I have no idea what my work is really worth. The submissions I was given to review were exact copies of the course examples. Not really worth my time and effort if I am interested in pursuing this as a profession.
this was one of the worst and the most inefficient courses I have taken.
Borring way to present the course, i cannot continue with this.
clearing this took ages. something about the peer reviews :|
This is fake there is no ui/ux
The overall information received I feel is really helpful, however, the fact that the grades you get with this course come from the same people studying the course makes no sense.I would have liked to get actual feedback from the professionals/teachers, someone that actually has a background in this subject and with experience in the field. I also placed a comment to dispute a grade I received in an assignment, because one of the peers that review it, seemed that he didn't understand English or didn't understand the question. The response from staff was really useless, they simply said that I could resubmit my assignment to have someone else review it. Why couldn't they simply review the same, that I had already submitted? Coursera needs to look into this because the way these courses are being graded is not working!
The course itself is good, however, the grading system and moderation is absolutely mad. Peer reviews, if they are honest, are a good thing. But in most cases, peers rate you bad and CalArts staff cannot ban false or really stupid reviews. This results in doing your assigments multiple times until you get into a cohort of fair peer reviewers...
The content is good, not great. Some classes on Udemy have content that's just as good, while being presented in a much more attractive package. Think about it : This course on UI is entirely made up of slides in ARIAL. Yes, Arial. This says a lot about how little care was put into the slides themselves. The reviewing process, as opposed to Udemy's one where the teacher actually takes a look at your submission, is broken and extremely unfair. And in the end, this class is not worth the money. No one from the school will ever look at your work. Only peers. So why are we paying 44 € a month, already ? At this price, Coursera should hire someone who rates students' work. That would only be fair. It takes ages to get feedback. So why are you pressured into submitting your work on time if, then, you don't get feedback for days, sometimes weeks ? Overall, I'm sourly disappointed, coming from Udemy. Not only is the Coursera's interface clunkier (which is ironic when following a UX course) but the content of the classes seems to be an afterthought.
I think the course is good for beginners. For me it wasn't challenging enough (I did the whole Graphic Design Specialisation and worked for many years as a designer) and still I had to resubmit all of my assignments multiple times just because my peers have graded me poorly and way too subjectively. If you are letting unqualified beginners grading, then at least make them more then two per assignment. Having only two peers grading an assignment is not objective at all. There should be at least three!
Not impressed with course content after reading books like "Don't make me think!" by Steve Krug. I think it misses the point of design patterns implemented in UI libraries like Bootstrap or Material. Peer reviews do not work well on these projects. There is apparently a high degree a subjectivity that influences notation. As other courses on Coursera, I suggest you require 5 reviews and discard the lowest and highest.
Pretty bad, almost dated. Some general information relevant but I've seen much better youtube videos. Awful and pointless assignments really made this course not enjoyable. I'm not interested in learning applications in order to complete it. I was just after the learning concepts in order to apply them to build sites with frameworks like angular.
Do not buy this course/ specialization. The only person grading your work is some random peer who most likely doesn't care about your assignment and will give you zero for everything. Read the 3 star reviews before you buy.
the course is well structured but no matter, if you submit before deadline lack of reviews, might slow down your progress
Peer grading is inconsistent and time consuming.
Really for people who doesn't have any knowledge about design and user experience.
The course itself is really good, for beginners or for people with experience but who never really "labellised" this experience. But indeed, peer review is probably not the best option here. For example, it is very frustrating to spend a lot of time reviewing my peers, giving feedback, taking the extra 3 minutes for them (that is really all that it takes!), when all you get is only zeros without any explanation from a random guy. Maybe a clear explanation (with a video) of what it means to review others would help?
In my humble opinion, the peer grading system in an abstract field like design is not suited. I submitted one assignment and I was failed. I submitted the same again, I passed because other peers reviewed! As an admirer of Coursera, I would say that it becomes frustrating to have a professional life, personal life and at the same time re-doing assignments for absolutely non-definite parameters of "what is a good design" since its all subject to personal judgments.
The initial coursework was actually incredibly helpful. The professor was clear with what he was teaching, although from time to time became long-winded and highly repetitive. The single thing that I strongly disliked about this course? The peer reviews. That makes no sense. It's the blind leading the blind. However, this was clearly originated with good intention (more spots for people to take the course.) it wound up being extremely detrimental. For instance, I had a project geared towards emergency workers (primarily firefighters) and a peer reviewer not only gave me a failing grade because she, "hated cops" (which I understand, but again....firefighters.) but proceeded to then look me up on social media to voice dislike for my project. I can't get behind that logic. Again, pretending that didn't happen, it just doesn't make sense to have someone just as inexperienced as you review and grade your work. Makes it difficult to be proud of yourself for completing the course.
+ videos are short and there are quizes that help to check your understanding+ the information is well structured with examples- if you are from design field it will be unsuitable if you want to upgrade your skills, not just refresh your knowledge- peer reviews have absolutely no value, in my point of view, I had been expecting that the teachers would have took some place in the course  - the overall level of students in terms of design skills is low, or they don't have any skills at all, so you are going to be assessed by people who are not in the design field. Of course, they are the users as well, but don't  wait that they will give you a valuable feedback.    - it is a course in design field, the authors should think more about a modern design look of the course as it is not up to date
It is a good course for those who are starting their career in graphics design ( UI & UX ). I found this course good, but it is elementary. I thought that it would be much better if the instructor taught us some topics in much more detail or in-depth like in color part if we taught which color is best suited for which thing, In adding shadow what is the value of the blur should be added and of which color, etc. Anyway, it is a good course for beginners.
The teachers were not very charismatic, and spoke in a monotone the entire time as they read their lectures off a teleprompter. The peer-reviewed assignments also took days, and in some cases, weeks, before being reviewed. Otherwise, this course was decent, but if you already know basic UI design, then this course is probably too easy for you. You would be better off reading the Google Material Design guidelines or the Apple design guidelines.
The only thing I wish this course had more of was the practical side of UI/UX design. Where they show you how and what goes behind making designs, instead of only taking over theory. The theory seemed like something you would already know but I feel like they should have given more incentive to learning about key graphic design and UI/UX concepts that could be used practically.
Instructors are passionate  about the subject, which makes the class quite inspiring. I feel many points/techniques that are needed to complete assignments are left out due to virtual nature of class, short length of course, and extreme class size.  There are just too many important nuggets of info and courses you need before even attempting this course. I really recommend watching a lot of PhotoShop and InDesign videos and tutorials so you can turn in sharper images for assignments. The peer grading system is HORRIBLE. I will spend hours of time completing a project to make sure I meet all requirements of an assignment, only to receive a horrible score and have it torn to shreds by "fellow" classmates. You are given the opportunity to resubmit your assignment for a better grade, but just be aware that some classmates are not taking the course seriously, nor are they upholding the supportive spirit of the course. Then there are more experienced or overly opinionated peers that will leave quite nasty remarks knowing this is a "beginners" class. Art is subjective, but a lot of students will take off points because something is not their taste. Most of your peers are supportive in this course, but the bad apples can make for a very sour experience.Overall, I give high marks for the instructor, though it is VERY theory driven, not even technique driven instruction. The assignments are very project based, and it would be more helpful to show plenty examples of the templates we will need to complete in the lectures and how to go about completing them. This course is currently best geared towards quite experienced graphic designers looking to get into UX/UI design, but not newbies like me. At the very least, I am now aware of the educational holes I need to fill before attempting further UX/UI design training.
The videos, information in this course are informative and suitable for beginners. HOWEVER. Having peers grade your work really cheapens the entire experience and makes me wonder what I'm paying for. I would often be marked down just because my "peer" didn't understand the assignment criteria, or doesn't comprehend English well enough.What on earth is the point of being graded at all, when you're being assigned a mark by someone who has no idea what the assignment criteria even are? And Coursera's only advice is to waste my time by re-submitting the assignment. Just remove the requirement for reviews altogether... so redundant.
The concepts covered were basic and not as specific as I would have hoped. This was more of a course about what general elements are required or suggested in an interface. I did not like the peer review process very much. I would have preferred a final submission to an instructor or a professional in design to get real feedback. I can only give people reviews based on my personal preferences since I have not taken courses on design theory or user interface/user experience conventions. I would have liked to see more resources on current UI/UX trends.
Only made it to the end of the second week so my opinion is strictly based off of only the first 2 weeks of the program. I decided to stop because it was not at all engaging content. If you want to know every single aspect of the definition of UI/UX then this is the class to take. But if you are like me and want to actually get your hands dirty and learn the design process in Photoshop, illustrator and InDesign then you will be let down. I personally need hands on learning and less explanation.
I felt the course to be a bit basic. The course's objective for me is to start making you think as an UI designer; if you have - or think you have - a taste about UI then this course might be expendable. You won't get any hard truths or do's and don'ts. They give you the base concepts and you have to learn by doing, seeing other designs and sort of find your own style with that knowledge. So, in a way the real work is done after the course and by experimentation.
I like the material that was presented and I learned some useful information that will help me with the rest of the courses. The one thing that I did not like was that all assignments were only peer reviewed. It would have been nice for an instructor to give his/her feedback. Another thing that wold have been nice to see were more real world examples as the instructor went over things.
I did expect more from the initial course. I gave it 3 star because I felt like it was all theory and no practical information was given as such. All the assignments I did were from my practical understanding from experiences. I'd expect a more hands-on approach and case-study learning from these type of courses. Anyways the overall course was good and workflow was neatly designed.
The course material is BRILLIANT. I strenuously disagree with the structure and results from my peer review. Next course will be examination only. I want more frequent and difficult tests and authority-reviewed items. If I could go back and not pass on the feedback I've received I would. Very disappointed -- and, again, the course lectures and presentations are terrific.
I thought the flow and breakdown of content was clean and straight forward. In my opinion, the course was a bit easy and basic. I like the note high lighter feature!Overall, i was not too happy with this course, maybe it was the few peers that left vague comments on my project but i thought there would be more instructor feedback.
Is a pretty great course to help you get an entry nowledge about UX. However, i'm not sure that I agree with the point system. There are other students reviewing your work. I didn't see any professor reviewing your work, so your final score becomes less important. Beside that, is a great course!
Liked the idea of peer assignment but i also wanted the feedback of a professional. Unfortunately i am in this industry and i already know a lot of things than others. I am reviewing many assignments in order to help others. I would like to have someone like me too.
I there's a bug in the peer review section. I submitted a complete requirement then I got zero scores from 2 peer review. I think they didn't see my submission. It also happened to me, I got to review another submission without the attached assignment.
I loved this course. But the thing that pisses me off is the peer to peer review, the grade is just so unfair. The peers are inexperienced, they do not have any ability or right to judge other peers. Grades matter to users.
The theory part is very well done and the explanation in every video is perfect. I regret a bit the fact that the only judges are peers regarding the exams. It should have been 50/50 with a professional part.
useful for beginners who have no background knowledge in UI/UX DESIGN and it's helpful to start your own career in app or web design.
you have to review peer grading idea because i think it's not really fair.
It was well explained and a great intro to UI design. However, I think I would've greqtly benefited from at least one project being graded by a professional as opposed to my fellow peers.
The overall course is good but my point is they have to explain designing tools as well so that people can easily design their app easier with a more clear interface.
Great Learning experience. The pier review system can be imporved a lot by adding resposibility on the part of the reviewer
I found some people review unfair, I hope this course that can immprove
good course so far . . . although, I'm hoping it gets better
Its easy for the beginner to learn about simple elements.
Good, but not up to the mark
I enjoyed the structure of the course with each week building up to the final project. Logically planned out and effective structure. Videos were clear and easy to understand. I'm happy with what I produced and the class helped me build my confidence to move onto the next course. I was able to complete my project with minimal knowledge of Photoshop.However, I'm not a huge fan of the 3 peer grades needed to average out our score as it appeared from the comments left that some users misunderstood what and how they should be grading. Requiring a higher amount of grades to even out the average or allowing some grades to be challenged and reviewed by a staff member would be helpful.
The content is really good. The peer-scoring doesn't work really good though. It happened that the same work got scores varying from 1 to 3 points (in the scale of 4). The comments were not always adequate, e.g. pointing the lack of elements that were not expected to be included in the submission, calculating incorrectly the amount of pictures included. It would be interesting to know if it's controlled and standardize in any way.
This is a great kick starter course to understand the basics and really change your perspective of UI and UX. Explained in detail with great simplicity, I loved it- note taking is also made easy!My feedback is on the assignments:The difficulty I faced was i did not know how to use Indesign (this should have been a pre-requisite)- so after my first week assignment i put in some extra hours to learn InD basics to do my second assignment- that changed the quality of my work. Second - Assignment 1 was creating mood board but the sample had full project, so I as well as couple of our batch folks (I reviewed) ended up creating whole project first week - Should have given clear instructions - That would helped us focus on Week1 work. From Week2 what do work on was very clear. Please fix this for next batch
Pretty good course, I'm more excited for the UX Design one, but this part of the Specialization is quite decent. If you're considering it, go for it. Just try to learn how to use Illustrator a bit beforehand. Sucks that its peer graded- but its straightforward and if you just follow the instructions, you should be fine. Quick tip: it was not clear what you needed to do for week 2, but its basically ONLY the moodboard and colour palette. I did week 2 and 3 in week 2, and exhausted myself for no reason! I was skeptical at first but its pretty good!
I have a degree in Graphic Design so I wanted to expand in UX & UI. This course was a great price, easy to do as quick or as slow passed as I needed.
Very decent and applied course.The only thing for possible improvement I can think of is the form of the requirements for the assignments. Since from the very beginning of the course you are free to choose the application idea from one of the given options, but then in the end of each week your submitted assignment has to meet some particular strict requirements (such as some fixed amounts of visual elements, buttons, etc.), maybe it makes sense to restrict options you can choose of, or to mention all the strict requirements from the very beginning of the course, because sometimes it felt like I had to intentionally complicate my application (e.g. add more visual elements that do not make much sense, but in order just to meet the required criteria set in the assignments).All in all, thanks for a great course!
PRO: I love the interface of the course and fact that the course members get tasks - they have a huge learning impact.CONTRA: Some course members have very poor design skills. It's not fun to review assignments with pixelated and stretched icons and buttons retrieved from foreign online sources, while others put more effort into their work and have way higher design skills. Unfair peer ratings create a watering down performance and the illusion of similar skills, while this is not the case. A compliance of quality standards would be good.
The Course is pretty good. Very basic info is covered. There is currently a major issue with "peer grading" system. People are grade bombing submission which requires multiple re submissions ...this issue needs resolved.
Great introduction to UI design without complicating elements with UX.
I really liked the course and the classes. The videos are very good and with good explanations. It would be nice to have more examples of simple/complex designs, with explanations ( as a pdf, reading material) so people get an even better idea, especially as we are speaking of beginners who really don't have a sense of how the good design should look like, a combination of colors and so on... Honestly, I didn't find reviewing someone's project comfortable, because, we all have different "feeling" for design, and therefore it wouldn't be fair not to give someone a point because I simply don't like their design (example, of two people who reviewed my work, one really liked it, and another one didn't like some elements). It would be better to have a discussion, where we can share our ideas/work and discuss it. Minus: Some reviewers are not honest, meaning they can take away some points for elements that are actually there, or they can give you 0 points without an explanation. In my opinion, the feedback should be imperative, and the grading system should be improved as well. Maybe people should be put in different groups and review each other work through the entire process.
This section is one of t he best section. The instructor explain pretty much everything in details and in a smooth way. The content and the topic are to the point. There is no any extra unrelated topic. At last but no the least I love this course. No matter whether you are beginner of expert.  Although I have a one one persona who know about illustrator, XD, photoshop or other design software whom can design but if the person is taking this course very first time and if he doesn't know any idea about designing software, than there might be problem so in initial section it should be include. I think so ...
very good course, videos provide lots of knowledge in a very logic way. Maybe the order of the exercises in the last 2 weeks is not the best and logical, (it's much more easy for many of my peers and me to finish first week 4 and then get back to the week 3)but I would still recommend the course.The course provides also good resources (links and articles).Attention: the course is for people who already know how to use graphic programsso if you are starting your adventure with PS or AI you will maybe need more patience to be able to complete the tasks.It's not a good idea to upload project made in MS Word.
Hi All!I just completed my certification , 1of 4, and while I really enjoyed the lectures, peer  reviews left me frustrated and is also the reason I did not give it 5 stars.It is extremely frustrating to invest time and energy on a project only to have it dismissed without proper guidance or advice on how to fix the issues and proceed. This could be resolved if the teaching staff could be part of the grading process.The only reason for posting this is that perhaps, feedback can help bring about some change which makes this a more conducive platform for learning.SincerelyMichelle
The course is great! Michael is an amazing instructor and explains visual design in great detail. I would say I learnt a lot as the weeks progressed. The only downside is the peer-reviewed assignments. Many others like myself would probably say the same. Some students who don't take the course seriously think it's funny to give others incorrect grades and try to fail their assignment even if it's done properly. If something could be done about these troglodytes then I would definitely give this course a 5 star rating.
I would only recommend that you change one of the four optional subjects for the student project to NOT be similar to the one you offer as reference. I Graded two different projects that were essentially the same project as the reference file. I understand that this course is mostly about understanding the UI theory, but I felt that because students were so willing to copy the reference file for their project it hindered their creativity and ability to think more about a design of their own.
Is a very good course for anyone but you must have a graphic design base. If not, the course suggests you to take it's own graphic design course. I think some of my peers really need to do that before submitting any work in this course. In the other hand, I discovered some outstanding works! For me, as an Industrial Designer with some experience in graphic and interface design, was kind of easy but useful to learn some technical vocabulary.
I liked the course a lot, its a lot about knowing things that makes a lot of sense and learning how to start a new project with a methodology, the only things that I didn't like is that the precedent that the course give you to do your own homeworks it too basic, this means that most of the homeworks you will have to rview are reaaaally basic, a little bit of more motivation would be nice, to see some cool projects
Quite accessible course with a lot of video material. Not too long: 4 weeks. You can do it quicker if you have a lot of time. Only I miss a library where you can get good images, I felt I was swimming with the exercises and I also saw some assignments that were not so nice visually, while others were very professional. How do you get a professional look. I guess I need another, more in dept course for that.
Definitely a great class for beginners and everyone who has a background in ui/ux design and would like to refresh their knowledge. 4 out of 5 stars because the "peer graded assignments" could use some improvement, just because not everybody puts as much effort into reviewing and grading as others, so this leads to slight imbalances. Other than that, great experience. Would definitely recommend.
The course is really fun. The videos are short and very easy to understand. The only reason I gave 4 stars, it's because I was not prepared to work with Illustrator and it'd be nice to have a warning like "you need to know basics of Illustrator" or something like that; as for the assignments it's not the same for someone who knows how to use Illustrator than for someone who doesn't.
The course material itself is simple and easy to digests. I really love the way the assignments are developed based on your previous submission.  The peer- graded assignment might not be for everyone as design is subjective however if you just observe elements of apps design then you more or less get the structure , grid and consistency by which you build your standard.
The course itself was a great step-by-step process on designing UI. However, I did not like the peer-review system as some students did not take the assignments seriously (example: some did not fill out prompt questions before submitting which is also part of the grading criteria). Having said that, I am looking forward to the UX courses of the specialization!
Content is great, I really like the idea of making few (2-3) videos and then sharing some readings. Assessments press you to implement knowledge in a practice and as well let you start building your portfolio. An only small minus: videos even though high quality in the content are sometimes a bit boring: I was losing concentration a bit after longer watching
The course is very good theoreotically as it explains how is the designing process accomplished to make a usable and functional interface that the user don't feel lost or stressed while using it.Big Thanks to Mr Worthingtion and the Calarts institute for offering me such a great knowledge.Looking forward to take 3 more courses in this specialization!
The course was interesting. Earlier I have studied Html, Css and Javascript, so now it was very useful to study also UI design. I will continue with the specialization to gain a more complete knowledge. However, the course was too easy even for beginners level. It could have contained more quizzes. It was nce to see peers' ideas and designs.
The course in general is great! Everything is explained perfectly, the videos are understandable, I liked the reading parts as well with interesting articles. What doesn't work that great is your peers that grade you. Two times I had to resubmit my submission because there I didn't pass because of bad reviews. Apart from that, great course!
It is a very good course from Cal Arts. The instructor able to conveys the material clearly and it is easy to understand! I also like how they show us visually with animation and interactive images instead of using only text. Overall, I learn the material well & interested to complete the remaining courses for this UI UX specialization.
It is a nice course for people who are very new to UI design. Do not expect to learn what is "beautiful" and what is not as this course is focused on basic rules of UI - not the design trends! I am satisfied with the topics. What I missed here is feedback from instructors and maybe more live examples!Great course to keep you on track.
This course is a very basic level for beginners. I love the course which is very detailed, analysable, and logical. The assignment is very helpful to understand how to make good UI design. The only thing is the assignment example is not very practical and trending. Also I hope professional faculties can review students' assignment.
Learned a lot. Found that using Sketch was easier for me than using the suggested Adobe apps. I'm not a huge fan of the peer grading because some peers don't care as much to give feedback or let you know why they gave you a less points. I love the way we learn through videos and the "Save note" button. Very very helpful.
I loved this course as a Graphic Designer, I found it quite easy to follow and complete. Good video tutorials. I would love if the peer review system was more refined with more specific yes/no answers and less subjective value marking. But I guess that is also a true reflection of of life as a designer anyway. :P
This course is suitable as the first approach to UI/UX specialisation, teaching the basics of graphic design applied to UI design. The only problem about this course is the evaluation, relying on other students who may have or not knowledge and experience enough to grade in a fair way.
Content-wise is great. However, I would just suggest a different approach to the videos production. Having someone talking, and maybe showing example materials instead of the black screen with text and simple examples... I found at some point hard to keep focused on the videos.
Course was good with basics to the User Interface design. It gave an opportunity to the learners to act as an Peer reviewer that enhanced the learner skills and knowledge on the subject. Over all course was good but lacks in-depth about the usage of colors for various scenarios
A nice introductory course to UI design. I really enjoyed the videos and the complementary reading materials. Also, it is easy to follow. The 5 star would come, when the assignments were a bit more demanding. A good course for everyone who wants ti structure his knowledge.
The course provided a great step-by-step introduction to User Interface Design. I would have loved some more readings/video resources but it was still an enjoyable experience to work on the assignments and I learned a lot more while grading the assignments of my peers.
Really liked the course. Thanks for making it so concrete and relevant. It is simple to follow through and clear indications for the assignments, although there could be a bit more support from the staff in terms of the aesthetic aspects to make better designs.
The instructor was very easy to follow and understand. The reason I am giving this 4 stars is the peer graded assignments. If the person who is grading your work gives you a poor grade even though you followed the directions, i don't believe that to be fair.
This course was so well put together and with each video I wanted to know more and keep going. I wanna give a shoutout to CalArts and Coursera for putting this course up here. I would definitely recommend this course for anyone looking to do UI UX.
If you have a graphic design background, it may seem redundant. But it is definitely not bad to go over principles of design and see it in the context of a screen / interface design. It is definitely good for beginners and the teacher is fabulous!
The lectures in this class are excellent. i've learned a lot.I think that grading the projects only by other peers is not a good idea, i think it is not professional and not serious enough to make sure that the student will know how to improve.
If the teacher could comment on the submissions, it would be perfect. Now we are more self-organised and self-taught. But I did learn a lot from the feedback of my classmates who reviewed my work. All the feedback questions are well designed.
This course is very good, my only wish is that the assignments could be graded by TAs so I could get critiques from someone with more experience. I am taking the class to create projects for a portfolio and would appreciate more feedback.
The course is a great start for someone that is beginning. However I don't think that students give grade is a good plan. But that isn't enough to make it a bad course, otherwise, it is a great course. I hope it help others as did for me.
The course supply for me the theory for UX and also other corresponding references link But it should be better if teach can give some lesson learns example from than we'll know what is good and what is not a good design
I really liked the material of the course. Found the topics to be pretty in-depth for someone who is new to design. Only problem I have is with the peer reviews: not enough effort put in by other students on your work.
The course serves as a good introduction to UI design.I would appreciate it if there were more practical videos alongside the very theoretic ones.Right now the assignments carry all of the practical load of the class.
It's very very very basic. If you have a background in graphic design or have had any design background at all, this course will completely redundant. If you have no design background, I imagine this will be helpful.
A really good course. Even though english is my first language, i was still a bit intimidated by the lecturer's grammar. Using "big" words. If he could dumb it down a bit, the course would be perfect for everyone.
It's a wonderful course to give a beginner the basic concepts of UI/UX design. The only downside is that all the assignments are peer graded, which means the professional advices from the instructor is missing.
Great class to get general concepts of UI design and the types of products that can come out of it. I ended up using Figma to create my assignments as it's free and uses similar features as the Adobe tools.
The theory is brilliant and the exercises really make you practice, but there should be another way to evaluate students, as having other peers evaluate your project doesn't always reflect your experience.
We could have a more objective analysis of our assignments to really improve it. The colleagues criticism sometimes are just rude and subjective, most of the times it didn't help (mainly the las activity).
Course was excellent. Contents covered were relevant and instructors explained all the details very well.Peer review process was much to be desired. Need to improve or replace the peer review process.
I have been a logical person, since my life. Always loved engineering related things. This is the first time, I tried for design related stuff...! Thanks..! for letting me know, I can do it...
It was a very useful course, that can put your foot on the first of UI design way, so I suggest it to anyone decided to start UI Design career to can build his knowledge on a strong base.
I enjoyed the course and learned about UI. I really liked the projects as a means to learn. I did find the videos, while they had good knowledge to be a little dry in the visuals.
This course is really, I have learn good design thinking and approach to different design angle. I really recommend this course to whom who want to have a special inside about UI.
The course is great at getting the user a good start in learning about interface design. The community seems a bit small with only a few people posting and engaging in the forums.
Really enjoyed it.I think that maybe there should be more about design in general. Although I did the fundamentals of graphic design course before, it felt a bit missing for me.
The course can let us ready learn the basic of UI and the difference of UI/ UX. It is a nice introduction for the beginner. Through the assignment can practice what we learnt.
Awesome course, very informative without overloading. It would be great if the reviews were slightly more actionable, but I realise that's  harder to implement.
I really liked the course and the things i’ve learned, the problem i found is the peer to peer reviews, some participants just don’t take that seriously.
very informative. my only complaint is that the instructor sounded kind of bored and dead - no enthusiasm. apart from that, excellent content. thank you.
Course is nice but it seems to be a bit too easy. And also I'd wish more involvement from peers: their feedback was way too formal and unattentive
Excellent beginner course. My only suggestion is to incorporate Sketch or another current form of wireframe/design tool to the mockup portion.
This course is really interesting and enjoyable. Though I missed some things because of lacking of knowledge of software but I learned a lot.
Very useful course for the beginners, however the peer grading system is quite complicated. A new grading system can be introduced.
Very beginner-oriented. It seems a little outdated with technology and designs, but the foundation and material are very relevant.
really great introduction to visual design for the mobile and web interface. well taught and simple to follow. Great professors!
This is the great online course but better the evaluator not from peers that also learning. its must be the professional. thanks
Great course, helps you get an understanding of the basic elements of UI Design & how to think about using them on an interface.
It would probably be if more examples of digital interfaces are used and how the theory is evidenced in those digital interfaces
It’s great. But we need feedback on our assignments from experts. Not just regular students so we know what we are lacking.
It was a good basic UI Design course but the peer reviews portion is unhelpful, would like more constructive feedbacks.
I think it's better for intructors to show up their face during lecture. It'd create emotional bond with the students.
Theoretical concepts are well taught but connecting those to practical work is where one finds it a little hard to do.
needs to be more informational and rigirous! more assignments would be great! and 4 peer reviews instead of just 2
Helpful step-by-step introduction into the subject. Short theory inputs and a lot of practice. Really good course.
It's a good course where I learned the principles behind the basic designs style I had been following. Thank you.
Fun Class! if you have experience in design, this will be a breeze to you, but it had great fresh reminders.
Well structured Course. Excellent for beginners who want to understand the different aspects of UI\UX design
I really wish that more of the technical vocabulary for different actions were reviewed this this course.
This course is best for beginners those who want to improve the designing skills must take this course.
Excellent explanation . I feel more of theory part and need some videos on assignments also .Thank You
The course is really nice and introduced me about UI/UX really well,but i'm not a fan of peer grading.
I enjoyed the course a lot. I hope in the future there will be a live teacher grading the assignments
Incredibly easy to follow and instructive course. Gives a good insight into UI design for beginners.
It was a great course, I've learned a lot and it's great how you interact with other students work!
Great material, easy to follow and engaging.I recommend it to anyone interested in this topic.
This is a good course as a basic start for people who are already in the graphic design area.
Very informative but the peer review process was a little stressful when it took too long :)
Very good course.The only point i dislike is that the students reviews each other projects .
Peer review system can be improved. Some peers just don't take the review seriously.
As a beginner graphic designer this course is very  friendly and easy to understand
The material was explained well and clearly. But it's a lot about self-discipline.
Solid, if brief, foundation course on graphic design for the UI/UX certification.
The course is really good for introduction and fundamentals for the UI / UX world
I would like to get feedback from knowledgeable people to evaluate my homework.
The course is very detailed and interactive. I'll recommend it for any beginner
Great course, it can make you understand the basic of UI/UX. Easy to follow!
I enjoyed this course because it was easy to follow and simple to understand
It would be nice to have staff feedback instead of inexperienced students.
I truly enjoyed doing this course! Cannot wait to start on my next course!
This is the great course of UI/UX design. Thanks for giving best contents.
Excellent course for someone to clear the basics of UI designing!
The content is good but the delivery could be more interactive.
For beginners, this really helps you to build your foundation.
I recommend it! They provide information in a structured way.
I think is not correct you use from peers for grade courses.
Very nice course if you are starting to dig in the subject.
it gives you the first bits of knowledge about UI design.
this course very useful to beginners for the ui/ux design
It's really grateful to learn this new course from here.
Because nothing is perfect but its pretty good course...
It was a excellent expirience, upgrade my design skills
Very interesting. Sadly only students review your work.
It was fun. I wish there was a more rigorous option :)
Pretty good for initial understanding of the subject.
Other than peer review grading system is excellent.
The best course in Visual Design, special thanks.
i enjoyed coursera course.Thank you.more to go.
Great foundation for me to start with UI Design
Excellent videos and content. Great learning!
Very much interesting and easy to understand.
Everything is clear and easy to understand.
had learned basic knowledge of the domain
GOOd course, but i think it need update.
easy to follow along and i learned a lot
Great course but a poor grading system.
It's great and the material is on point
Its a very good course for ui designer.
A nice way to step into the UI world
This is a very good course.Thank You
its short and sweet and accurate
very good online course.
Good course, well paced.
nice way of teaching
Good to start
The course is excellent and I got to learn a lot, but I am not a fan of peer grading as they have just as much knowledge as we do. Getting a grade from a mentor would be more accurate and helpful
This is a fantastic course for anyone who wants to get started in UX/UI design. The curriculum is well thought, the lessons in the videos are well paced, clear and thorough. Finally, the proposed activities work great as a practice for the concepts learned in the course. Totally recommended!
I liked how the course was structured in such a way that even with my limited design skills, I was able to create an interface that looked professional. I credit this to the structure of the course and the journey it takes you on to get to this point.
its so interesting and i am full of hope to become a better citizen of my country and world at large...i am so happy that at the end of this course i will become a ui and ux designer.
Very useful course, Highly recommended for beginners  who is going to kick start with UI/UX design. Very detailed content and explanation. Thanks for the such a wonderful course.
A good experience of learning UI. I got to create something of my own and got inspired by others' good work. As a designer who is already familiar with design applications and principles, it only took me one day to watch all the tutorials and 1.5 days to complete the assignments. After the course, I have something presentable I can include in my portfolio and have gained confidence in this field! Thank you for this great opportunity.
I took so many pages of notes! There is a WEALTH of information packed into this course and I am going to make it into a simple outline to use when designing. I think it will be helpful for me in the future as a reference guide in order to do my best work until I get comfortable in the process. Very knowledgeable, fun project, and other students were respectful. Turn in your work early!
Great course, I have a degree in graphic design and have taken UX courses before. This was a good refresher on UI principles and I'm looking forward to the next course in this specialization.
This course is very useful for a beginner who is looking for the basics of UI/UX  course.This course will give you the basic idea of  interface design which very important for its advanced studies.
Very Nice course, this has helped me to grow and learn more about the world of User Interface Design. It has developed and increased my enthusiasm and interest moe and more in the field of UX/ Ui.
It was my first UI/UX experience and it was amazing. I had so much fun and learnt so many things. I wish it could be longer. I'm kind of missing uni times :P Thank you so much for it!
I really enjoyed this course. I love the way Michael Worthington explains everything and I love the fact that we have more videos than reading, to me it's easier to understand.
Visual elements of the user interface design course helped me to become more comfortable with the idea of doing Ui/Ux design. I have always been doing design for printing media but now I am even considering learning more about digital design with Coursera and why not doing a master's degree in Ux design abroad. The course is complete and well structured, everything was explained in detail and the experience of learning online was friendly and easy to understand. I think that the peer grading part can be improved somehow but overall the content in terms of amount and quality of information is excellent, I am looking forward to doing the next three courses to enhance my skills as a designer.
The instructor is very precise on the words and the process articulation and manages to make them very clear through well chosen illustrative examples. I appreciate that all examples comes from very few projects, it is as if we see the different aspects and steps of the method being applied.The teacher's enunciation makes it easy to understand even for non-English speakers. The assignments are well explained and the review is well guided so that you mostly get useful peer reviews.It is nice to apply the concepts on a fun project, it makes them sink in and motivate you to work on the course. I'd like to develop my app project for real!
To the instructors--thank you for offering a great introduction to User Interface Design. I really appreciated the insights shared in various videos over the 4-week course. One of the most valuable insights I gained was the simple distinction that a desktop screen might often offer, say, 4 sections on one screen, where a mobile device must break that same information up into 1 section (each) on 4 screens. This is just one of the many useful bits of knowledge that, combined with real-world mockup practice, helped me gain footing in UI design.
The course covers everything that you need to know about developing an interface. It had a 50/50 proportion of theory and plactice. You wiil be able to decide the mood of an interface, set the main colors and fonts to make buttons, menus, states... all assets to create the UI for the proper audicence.I finished the course understanding that we need to set our purposes in order to make the audience get the message!Calarts is a dream university, tasting a little about it is an irreplaceable opportunity!
In this first course of the specialization, the students are taught the essentials of visual design. The student can geta a deep understanding of the visual design. Finally, the students have to create a project and apply their knowledge to the actual situation. Professor Michael Worthington has explained all the concepts in detail. I have learnt a lot about user Interface from this course. I would recommend this course to all who want to make their career in UX/UI designing.
A very helpful course and a very professional course as it made me think and see our daily life interactive elements with a different perspective , learning the base of design and interface and how it has emerged made me help to understand better and the assignments are fun to do too as it really helps to grow out on your thinking and creativity and what you can actually produce and give to the world and how you can approach to different problems .Made me keep an open mind !
I come from engineering background, and I was curious about the whole UI thing I've been hearing about once in a while. The course gave me essential insights into the UI area and pointed me to the sources and links where one can find useful materials. Although I've reached only 87.7/100 points I think I've mastered the assignments (well, mastered them enough while having a full-time job, for one), and I think the assignments given here are both challenging and inspiring.
I really enjoyed taking this course and I learned a great deal about UI Design, as well as the differences and similarities of UI and UX Design. I would highly recommend this course or other courses at Coursera. The online course experience is at your own pace with hands on projects that help you learn further about your subject area. Coursera is a great way to learn new skills at an affordable price.
This course was a great overview for explaining what UI/UX design is. I love the way the course was broken into components such as video, lecture, reading and assignments. I also appreciate that the instructor provided links to supplimental material to further our research and prepare for building a stronger skillset to be UI/UX designers. Looking forward to the next course!
Before taking the course, UI / UX was something I was really apprehensive and honestly a little intimidated by. Starting this journey with this course made me feel much more confident. Michael Worthington takes you through the process step by step and it's so easy to pick up as well as feel like you're covering all the topics without any holes of information missing.
I love this course to understand the overall concept of User Interface Design. The instructors are industry experts and bring their students' artworks as sample designs to help our understanding. Also, peer review as quite helpful to see other people's aspects and perspectives. I recommend this course for anyone who has interest in UI design or app design.
I really liked the instructor in this course. He explained everything clearly and his slides were very effective. There was plenty of opportunity to be hands-on with the projects and if you take the time to really apply the concepts you are taught you will learn a lot and develop valuable skills to use in real-world projects. Great experience overall!
Every day we interact with applications, web pages and different platforms and we never really get to recognize everything behind it and the importance of good interface design when it comes to branding. Without a doubt, I recommend this course because It changes the perspective of how the digital world is structured from the eyes of the final user.
I thought the information was delivered in an interesting and easy to follow manner. It was both interesting, informative, and interactive. The professor was entertaining and delivered his presentations in a timely but effective way. I would recommend this course to anyone looking to understand the basics of UI and to test out their skills a bit.
A really amazing course. Very complete and well explained. My only suggestion would be switching the third week with the fourth week. I think it could be easier for some folks to first think about the structure of the app and then thinking about the button. Besides that, I loved the course, and I can't wait to continue with the specialization.
This is a wonderful class.  Excellent instruction and very constructive and supportive feedback from those rating the assignments. I have really been able to challenge myself further, and learn new aspects of the programs I'm using by working to improve assignments based on the feedback.  Great community of fellow students taking this course.
Terrific Course for any Beginner to start with Ui/Ux. I think the peer system is little bit weird because some designer are new and they don't know the basics and logic behind design right now. I think that thing should do right. Just a suggestion: It would be more great if some respectable and experienced designer rate students assignments.
Brilliant course! It was my first experience in UI design and design at all, but the way it was taught made it so easy! Extremely interesting and at the same time deep course. I don't regret taking it and highly recommend it! Moreover, I recommend every course of CalArts, Michael Worthington, I am your fan. Thank you for my new knowledge.
Michael teaches so well, and combined with the animations of each video of good duration - not too short, not too long, it was very easy to finish it under two weeks. I recommend everybody to try!The only thing that sucked were 'students' who would grade us 0 for no reason, I can only hope Coursera has new policies for that soon.
This is a great course if you are looking to start learning about UI. I found the project very enjoyable and I loved that you had to mark your peers work as part of the course. It's another way of learning. Seeing the ideas and thought processes of other people makes you more open to other pathways you may never have thought of.
I highly recommend this course for the people who do not know what is UI design 'cause it gives basic knowledge of it. You may learn basics of Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator or InDesign programms as well by preparing your own project during the course. The lector is awesome! Thank you for the course! I enjoyed it!!!!
Great course for those who are starting. Shows how interface work in design. Gives understanding of UX and UI. Review of classmates homework is nice thing which let you know more about how others people understand the topic and also get some inspiration and learn from others. Most important you get real practice.
I've tried to participate and started few online UX courses. But I do have problem with language, explanation and understanding the content with other tutors. But this, CalArts course is a pure bliss to me. This is the perfect stop for any learner who chooses to start career in UI/UX. I coudn't ask any more.
So far I am reallu enjoying the course. Its exposing me to the world of UI/UX.  The course user-friendly  interface is indeed  a true testiment to having expert UI/UX Designers  in its formulation stage. I say kudos! to team behind this lovely and well thought-out course. I highly recommend it.
This course is very good, the exercises are really practical to understand the content. I think the process of reviewing other colleagues' work is interesting, but I miss having feedback from a teacher or professional. I believe we could have a tutor / instructor to give one of the assessments.
Great course, very interesting and the instructor has a passion for this stuff and knows how to communicate it. I have never experienced this topic before and wanted to gain a working understanding of it - after this course I feel better prepared but there is clearly alot more to be learned.
It's a very great experience for the learning but I need help as my name change is not reflected in the certificate I have earned. I need the help of respected authorities to tackle this issue or If I have to attend the course I can even do so.whatever option is best, Please let me know
Loved this course! Great instructors and material. This is a solid choice for anyone with a Graphic Design background or degree looking to transition into UI/UX design. I would recommend having Graphic Design and Adobe Photoshop+Illustrator experience before beginning this course.
Good course, the example of perfectly organized information and easy study process. Informative and easy to understand videos and other materials, external links and advices. Quick support on forums is also a valuable thing. Thanks a lot to CalArt members who created this course.
This course is well-structured. Roman as the instructor gave us good practice from his experience as a professional web designer in his studio. I really recommend you to join with this course, and the course after this one, since its one big part to create whole web design.
A very well constructed course focuses on the visual elements of user interface design. Instructors are very good and the overall content is very simple and informative. The simplicity yet informative is the USP of this module. Must do for all UI UX beginners. All the best.
The most interesting coursera courses that I had opted for! The videos were extremely comprehensive and the assignments were quite fun to execute and do. Got to learn loads that genuinely helped me learn and explore as an aspiring communication designer! Thankyou!!
I had a brief understanding about UI Design before this course, and then this course really brought it home for me. I felt like the courses and the teachings were great and breaking down the basics of what you need to think about when creating UI Designs. Thanks!
The course provided general information in terms of UI Design. It was a captivating experience where I received basic knowledge, besides, I would like to find out more about really good design on some examples from real websites or apps covered in this course.
A great course for those looking to start their UX / UI career. The theoretical and practical are well structured. I was pleased with the course because it added so much to my day-to-day work. The information is clear and easy to understand. Really very good.
This is such an enriching, fun course. Loved it and can't wait to finish the other modules, it is flawlessly designed to make complex information digestible and so very interesting...Thank you for this, such an amazing course to take online...brave new world!
The course is amazing and challenging. It really gets you into the process of coming up with a coherent and beautiful interface. I really think you end up being capable of designing a User Interface where everything has a reason to be and look the way it is.
perfect explenation, but my mates do not considered i passed the course, so this is a problem because i will keep going on doing the course because i dont have that amount of extra time to re do it also, i dont think people will re-evaluate my home work.
Course gives clear understanding of User Interface basics and it contains bunch of useful practical exercises that makes you start doing something not only listening the course. Great choice for beginners and for those who wants to brush up their skills.
It is a well-structured course and I personally enjoyed working on the assignments. Though I would have loved some more videos on the sketch and pattern library. I highly recommend this course and look forward to completing the specialization!
The projects are great. The only problem I think is in the second project that it's not so clear that we should submit one-page homework and other learners were mistaken and gave low points to my project because the thought it wasn't complete.
This course helped me understand the thought and effort that goes behind building an app or easily identifiable content on a website. At first, I just wanted to explore interface design. Now, I am extremely intrigued to learn all its ropes. :)
I like this course. The way of expression and language is very understandable. The teachers managed this 4-week process very successfully. It is suitable for the beginner level, I liked it very much and I want to take the following lessons :)
Thank you very very much for the course. Taking up the course has sharped my skill of thinking in design field and difference between UI/UX. In addition to this I learned many new things with honest reviews. I learned a lot from my peers too.
It is a good course to learn basic knowledge of user interface design. Creating a mood board and extracting concepts, themes were quite interesting. Designing the pattern library is also helpful to learn and prepare the real design process.
It was a very informative course and a great start for those wanting to get into the field of UI design. It is very thorough and you get a lot out of the course. I highly recommend to anyone who wants to pursue in the field of UI design.
This was an awesome experience. It was very much above my expectations. The videos are well written and well presented. They have also put together a good variety in assignments which really make you think and increase your skill level.
Its been great experience in taking this course and it has surely helped me understand UI/UX in best way possible. I hope future in UI/UX courses is great & it will help all the students who are willing to take it as career opportunity.
Nice CourseBut it needs to some one who have a last experience of Visual design with Adobe software to get more grades in the exercisesGood content with good connect with the author Very Good step for any one to go ahead in UI/UX design
This was an eye opening course on design.  I particularly enjoyed learning about the conventions in UI that I can apply for functionality and adding my interpretation in the assignments. I look forward to completing the specialization.
I'm deeply impressed by the course Visual Elements of User Interface Design. Now I feel that I can do real projects in a new more effective way. An at last I will start making my portfolio. I recommend this course for novices in UI/UX.
Great introduction to UI and very excited now to get started with UX. Had a lot of fun with the assignments, very lowkey, simple projects that are great for a beginner. The lectures are very straightforward but offer some great tips.
I learnt a lot during the course, and I think that it was super well explained. Every topic was clear and had all the information needed plus some extra resources, which were helpful. I'm very happy with it and I truly recommend it
It would be good if the course also had an actual grader along with peer reviews. Overall, its a great course and does a very good job in not just explaining, but getting the learner going on to create actual prototype UI design.
Very good short and sweet course. Learnt plenty in a short time. Assignments are good. Peer review has pros and cons: I learnt from reviewing other students' work but the grading is subjective and the scores can be debatable.
Very good introductory course for all levels. The instructor explains things very well and I felt that it was easy to understand. The challenge is the assignment and trying to come up with something beautiful and functional.
The explanations of the teachers are very nice and clear. The assignments are effective and they helps me a lot. Thank you all for this amazing course. You all did amazing. I am looking forward to more courses of you guys.
Very interesting and interactive way of teaching. Love the videos and peer graded assignments, gives us an understanding of what others think and feel about our work. Recommended to anyone who is interested in UI design.
Amazing lectures and course material. I had no prior experience in UI design, this course helped me understand the basics. It will be way easier if you already know some graphic design knowledge and the software to use
I like this course very and have learned a lot about design, photoshop, and other programs. It would very nice if one course is done that we could download the principle or an overall overview of what we have learned.
I am very satisfied that I finish this course. It shows me so many things that I didn't think of. I highly recommended taking part in the course for both beginners and advanced marketers, it opens a new perspective.
A really great course.I was a little apprehensive about the peer graded assignments as I have very little design experience but the course content is broken up into digestible pieces and good examples are provided.
A great course to get an overall overview of the specific elements you need for a user interface. I like the idea that other classmates get to review your work. It was indeed very helpful, but a lot of content.
Really cool. Main benefit from activities as you need to spend time thinking and this helps a lot to learn.I miss a bit more guidance on the apps to work with, maybe recommendation of some open source options.
This course does a good job of connecting the designer with the graphic elements of an interface.  I thought the professor did an excellent job of explaining concepts and goals from the graphic perspective
I loved this course! I'm a novice in this field and knew nothing about Viz Elements of UI but now I feel more confident in UI design; I understand the concept and approach. For me, this course was 5 stars!
I never thought this is possible. I am very grateful to Coursera and Calarts. This is a starting milestone in changing my career life for the better. I am ready to pursue more and more with your support.
I never thought this is possible. I am very grateful to Coursera and Calarts. This is a starting milestone to changing my career life for better. I am ready to pursue more and more with your support.
This course is a good start for the beginner. I hope everyone in the class enjoyed it as I do. Thanks all of my classmates who have reviewed my peers. I look forward seeing you in the next course.
It's an amazing course with all the fundamentals covered! i personally loved their peer grading system which lets us see works that our fellow peers do and also grade each other with reviews.
it is a really great class, I learned a lot and realized I didn´t know as much as I thought, the lectures and extra resources are really great and help you learn more if thats what you want
I loved this course! I learned much more than I expected. I will continue to do the other parts of the specialization. Thank you, teacher Michael! Congratulations! Your course is a success!
Very clear and engaging course on Interface Design. I learned some much more than I expected and found myself understanding the concepts easier because of the presentation of the material.
It was a great learning experience.Learned a lot of new skills and problem solving techniques related to User Interface design and Experience design as well.Highly recommend it to others.
I really enjoyed doing this course and learnt a lot. I had absolutely no knowledge about working on any of the adobe apps and designing, so this course is very good for beginners like me.
It feels good that I can show something and get reviews at the end.The additional source that the course recommends is really helpful.I'd like to go to the next step and improve myself.
This course gave me a basic idea of UI design. Every video gave me the knowledge that led me to design a UI for an app. I'll be finishing all the four courses in this specialization.
Very complete course. Takes detail in a lot of important aspects of UI/UX design. The video lessons are  entertaining and they keep the attention. I feel like a better designer now.
In your course I learned to better understand ui ux design, as well as your responsiveness and your comments will allow me to better consolidate my work. Thank you for everything.
I like this course ! a lot of solid informtion and resourse, you can adjust your learning speed.the only thing is peer review seems not too helpful compare to prefessional review.
Awesome course i had learn so many things in these course.Thanks to my college Zeal Education Society for giving me this opportunity and also thanks to coursera fot this course.
Course was very beneficial, I recommend it for beginner designers as well as designers with experience to put base for their choices and enrich their experience with knowledge
Thankyou for the knowledge, it's really helps me to make design more detail and think in many way. And thank you for the assignment, it gives me know plus minus of my design.
Its a true learning course of UI/UX for the beginners. Step by step course material visual videos and notes helps a lot in a deep understanding and reach toward your goal
This is a basic lecture, but it is the most important. It helped me to understand the basic concept of UI / UX. I think you can study deeper UI / UX through this lecture.
This course is awesome, easy to understand and fun to complete. It is recommended to everyone who is interested in beginning their journey in the creative digital space.
This course will take you through the details of building a user friendly interface. I loved completing the assignments each week that finished a big project at the end.
This course was great to learn the basic aspects of design UI. Overall good course enjoyed it.  I'd highly suggest for people who wanted to start on the field of UI/UX.
I really enjoyed this course. The content contained fundamental materials. The sequence of the content was spot on. Love the way the instructor delivers the lectures.
Good basics on UI design. As I have previously studied design, it was rather simple, but for those not familiar with the concepts I imagine it would be quite helpful.
This course helped me greatly getting started with UI/UX from scratch. I got enough knowledge about how UI/UX works and looking forward for the next specialisations.
This course has all the basics and advanced knowledge required for a UI design. It has taught me a new skill to take my career in Graphic Design in a new direction.
Awesome course structure with the peer review system. We can learn from reviewing our peer's artwork and reflect on our own by absorbing suggestions from our peers.
Good concepts and best way to start for a beginner to know basics about UI and UX, specially I've learned UI designing basics and theoretical knowledge. Thank You
Simple, easy to follow and understand and something that can be very useful to even professionals. Revisitng the basics has helped me become better as a designer!
It was very first online certification. It went awesome everything was very well organised and distribution of the whole content was very clear and well arranged.
Great course! It shares the basic concepts of interface design in a plain way but engaging, guiding you through the stages of designing the look of your own app.
Love it. The instructor is wonderful and incredibly clear even for such complex topics as UI/UX and their relation.  I can't wait to start the following course.
A very nice introduction into the world of UI (/UX) design, with great practical tasks that were tied well to the theory and concepts explained in the videos.
Loved the content, Specially the readings that involved so much information and the step by step guidance to design an engaging and well structured interface.
Extremely well structured course and the content is really helpful in shaping the skills. I really enjoyed working on the briefs as they sharpen your skills!
I think there should be a video on how to use adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator and should  give us a free platform for adobe photoshop as it is costly.
Brilliant course. It was very enlightening and enjoyable. Learnt a great deal about UI/UX. Hoping to attend more such sessions in near future. Thank you :)
Well, It was really an enriching experience for me, I especially loved the assignments and how well they made me understood all the lectures! Great course!
I thought this was an awesome self paced program and learned a lot. I am looking forward to learning some more in the same field. Thank you for everything.
It was an amazing learning experience. Got to know excellent strategy with well equipped videos explanation. Thanks to all who make this learning possible.
Such a nicely structured programme.Assignments at the end of every week , keeps you engaged and lets you learn by doing.Will surely recommend this course.
For a beginner, I was able to really understand the basics and apply them practically. A very intresting and practical course. I enjoyed every but of it.
I loved this course, the combination of video, reading, tests and assignements works for me very well. Thank you, for making quarantine time so usefull!
Amazing course content but If there were some resources on how to use some of the tools required to complete the assignment, that would have been great.
Very helpful and a dynamic way to learn, begin and start thinking as a designer.Easy to understand and problem-solving approach makes it all worthwhile.
It is easy to understand and great pace for beginner or even for part time people! I actually learned a lot even though I graduated from design school.
It is an excellent course for beginners and for those who do not. Explain things clearly and the exercises are aimed at achieving specific objectives.
This course gives a great insight to what a UI designer should be able to do, what to look at and what to take into account when creating a UI design.
Really good material, easy to divide it on a week without getting lost in the content. Peers that gave me great advices, while being nice and polite.
It's an amazing course as we get to know the designing conventions and elements and how to put them all together according to the user's perspective.
It was very nice course and very interesting!! I like the projects! I started thinking differently now which I like a lot! Thank you for the course!
A very useful content was there within the course and I was able to gain a good understanding of UI/UX design principles as a beginner. Thank you
Learned a lot of new techniques and how to better my workflow. Excited to use the skills from this course and apply them in looking for a career!
An excellent course in which intuitive knowledge is laid out according to the rules. Everything is explained in a simple and accessible language.
This course is really helpful for those who are just starting to learn about UI/UX design. It contains basicsand fundamental UI/UX Design skills.
Loved it! Really educational and helpful to give you in your beginning as a UI designer. Really good material and guidance. Totally recommend it!
Great course with a good learning curve. The exercises are useful and the concepts are laid out in a clear and compelling manner by the teacher.
Learning plenty of new concepts and doing my firsts design was absolutely awsome! Great course, can't wait for next one in the speciallization.
It helps me to learn illustrator and all the design tools that I wasn't familiar with. It pushes me to continue learning and go beyond my limit
Great! My only complaint is that some of my reviewers put absolutely no effort into their responses, but I'm not sure how you would fix that...
I am really enjoying learning more about UI/UX in the CalArts program. I have started the next course and have learned so much just in week 1.
A great course, absolutely an amazing course for any level UI/UX designer or for front end web developer experienced or at a beginner level.
That was a awesome experience!!.. Thanks to Coursera and CalArts , for giving me this opportunity. I am so excited to continue this course.
Great course to ease oneself into the topic, or a refresher for those doing it, but needing structure and reason to improve their practice.
Wonderful course for beginners of mobile app design. The course project is also a great way to get a feel of the interface design process.
I feel the course is well conceived and executed especially for beginners. Loved the classes and tasks given by Mr. Worthington. Thanks.
I can learning from this course about the UX methodology, rather then technical skill set. It's what i want to learn, Thanks for that.
Practical, encouraging and realistic course where the teacher expects initiative from the student. I can highly recommend this course.
it was an amazing experience with a great attention on all the details, focusing with a good rhythm on the actions to do step by step
I wish the reviews of the projects where more professional and not just the students review. But over all the course was really good.
The course content was really informative and the assignments were challenging, especially for a beginner. Truly enjoyed this course.
The course I took "Visual Elements of User Interface Design", Was interesting. I can make a new direction for career and set my goal.
I have enjoy this course.  It has given me clear vision and information on each functionality of  the visual elements of UI design.
great introduction into UI design. I have implemented some of the methodologies here, and it has really sped up my creative process
I came into this class knowing absolutely nothing.Now I am coming out more confident in my design, I am very grateful for coursra.
A well done course, with material that will you leave the course with knowledge of UI/UX design, in an easy to understand fashion.
CalArts Professors are so engaging and interesting to follow. Enjoyed it all the way, and I'm looking forward for the next course!
The course made me understand the fundamentals of UI design , the process from a design perspective from thought to an interface.
Great tool kit for beginners! You come out of it with the fundamentals of UI design, and a small mock-up to add to your portfolio
Loved the practicality in this course. Perhaps more practical components can be added. Overall, I definitely learned a lot here.
this course helps me to understand how the visual elements are used in the UI and also teach me how to used it in any situation.
Very well structured and step by step guidance. For advanced users it may seem a bit slow, but still there's something to learn.
It was outstanding! The details taken care of was beautiful. I understood a lot about UI/UX from his course, thank you so much.
Key UI design principles taught in plain English that was easy to follow as absorb. Projects were also fun to design as well.
This course is really important, I understood some things. Presentations were very clear and interest, also their submission.
excellent teachers and didactics, full of history and ''skin in the game'' baggage, step by step powerful knowledge builder.
I was brand new to the field of UI and this course helped me to do the first steps in a fun and easy way! Thank you so much!
This course really helped me by enhancing my skills and gave me so much knowledge. Learnt a lot and I became more creative.
Michael Worthington taught me basic to advanced about visual elements of user interface design,Exellent teaching  love it !
Офигенный курс, особенно для начинающих. Good course, cuz it tells brief description and theory without any useless chatter
Good course covering the fundamentals of design practices. Would recommend for anyone starting out a career path in design
I even wrote an article about this specialization in Medium. I definitely feel it provides a good foundation to build on.
This course is very helpful for the people who just want to start out in UI and know its terms and how it effects a user.
Am very happy to complete this course. Useful materials and lessons, got really valuable experience in Visual Elements.
Interesting, high suggested for people who works on Marketing or Design area to understand better how works the design
Assignments are really good and helpful for understanding the contents of the lecture.. really enjoyed the course . :)
I think so interesting and amazing course. I learned so many things and for me the best one is very practical course.
It's a good  course to start with to know about uiux. Just hope to have more tutorial resource for designing tools.
Excellent, comprehensive and thorough class covering the basic fundamentals of UI/UX,  with a concentration on UI.
A great and insightful approach and very inline for people with a graphic design/ visual communication background.
Michael is a gifted sherpa, leading us through the precarious terrain of graphic design in its sundry expressions.
Good instructor, enjoyable hands-on activities. Learnt a lot about UI in this course, would definitely recommend!
This was a really nice course for beginners. I really enjoyed the project and getting to see other students work.
The course was amazing I got to learn many new things about UI/ UX Design which will help me in future endeavors.
Very good for beginners, a great way to understand what UI/UX Design is and to try a simple hands-on assignment.
It was very helpful course! We did a lot of practice but in same time it was not to much complicated! I love it!
This was an excellent start to understanding UI design. I can't wait to complete all of the courses in this set
The course structure is very well designed for any beginner to get a solid foundation in User Interface Design.
This course explains the fundamentals of UI/UX Design in a very easy to learn way. I enjoyed doing this course.
I enjoyed the course! The instructor instructor really well. I loved how assignments were linked to one another
I learned how useful and practical User Interface has become.It has multiple application to almost any product
It is being amazing to be part of this course. The classes are very structured and the content is very clear.
this course is helping me to be on structure and to follow a simple rules to add more meaning to our UI/UX.
I really loved this class, its easily explained and with great visuals. I learned a lot, thank you so much!
Nice introductory course on the visual elements that compose an interface. Michael explained it very well.
Amazing course! Couldnt find any courses for visual design, but soon I got to this! Mind blowing concepts!
The way of teaching is very reliable and affectionate. every lecture is very informative and to the point
Wonderfull course! Great foe both beginners and more experienced designers. Classes are very interesting!
It was perfect, the Tutor took his time, and the assignments made it really interactive, it was worth it!
This contain substantial knowledge you need to have as its very practical with good hands on experience.
Clear, progressive and really helpful in theory and practical application. Very grateful to be involved.
Great experience on my very first coursera course, thank you for the knowledge you gave. Bravo CalArts!
I like how the way teacher inspire us to complete tasks step by step. It is very helpful and practical!
Very good course for beginner student. videos are interested and assignments are also very good design
I definitely recommend this course to start and understand the basocs of UI and UX design! Go for it!
Really  Great Content not like other online Platform.They helped me to  create a product from scratch
it was a good review about that course really there's a lot of things i have learned about that carer
A very interesting course that highlights the various aspects involved in the design and usability.
Really enjoyed it. Like the instructor, the assignments, and the videos we are presented each week.
Great course! The teacher explains very well and makes us think.  I also really liked the projects.
AMAZED AMAZED! Best UIUX course for beginners. It is well explained and taught. Highly recommend :)
It's a very informative course and also gives the opportunity to implement what the lessons teach.
Instructor explained everything in a general sense. The assigbment tested exactly what was learnt.
This was a great course. Helped me quite comprehensibly learn the basics of User Interface Design.
Excellent course. I loved the assignments and pathway it takes you thought. Very complete overall.
Great course, which goes about explaining everything from the scratch to increasing higher levels.
It was a great experience. It had a good balance of lectures and assignments which were fun to do.
Professor here are very awesome and have very pretty skills for teaching and explaining concepts.
It was a great learning experience and it definitely kindled interest for design to great levels.
Very fun assignments and easy to follow! Loved being able to learn on my own time and jump ahead!
I really like this course. It was fun, it was challenging, it was complete and I learned a lot!!
Really loved this course. It helped me learn from basic. I am so excited to start the next part.
Really great course for beginners and those who want to refresh their knowledge about UI design.
Coming from a developer background, this course offered a wonderful introduction into UI design.
Very informative. I found all the video lessons easy to follow along to and understand. Thanks!
It was a good session with all the elements of Design, understanding & working was good enough.
This is a good course for newbies to get into the filed of user interface design. Recommended!
its fun learning with Coursera, I have learned many new skills,and look forward to learn more
It's been a great experience to learn many new things  in ui ux field by help of this course.
Michael knows what he is talking about. This course is imperative to future UX/UI designers.
FInally~! I finished it! VERY SIMPLE EASY BUT STILL CONTAINING RICH INFORMATION and HELPFUL!
I can learn very easily. The topic easy to understand. The assignment help me to understand
This course was a good,great experience for me. The course will interest any person who doe
the peer review system should be slightly changed , some people wantedly giving less points
Great course and good projects for a good price. Learned a lot and liked the peer feedback!
The content of the course is taught in a fast, practical and useful way. Great methodology!
thanks for the great course and great opportunity to learn from you 
Mr.Michael Worthington
Understandable and slow paced course, great information about the topic and really helpful.
Really Nice course. Loved the process of learning in this course. Nice content. Thank you.
Course is professional only i have complaint that it gets stuck with results at some point
It was a great introduction to the UI/UX Specialization. I enjoyed the course thoroughly.
I really enjoyed that course and learn so many new things which help me out in my career.
Loved every second of it! Fun lessons that I actually felt were helpful and educational.
Really good introduction to this trending topic. Thank you for all the good explanation!
Easy to follow, great material explained, interactive doesn't make you feel overwhelmed.
I really enjoyed this course's lessons, additional reading links and guided coursework.
this course was amazing from the teaching method to the knowledge you learn about Ui/UX
A well-structured course devised with methodologies commonly practiced in the industry.
Great course! I learned so much about UI and it really helped me understand this field.
I really like how materials was given, it was really clear to me and very interesting.
Very informative and exactly what I was looking for in this stage of my UI/UX journey.
A bit too basic on the theory, but that's just because I'm a graphic designer already.
Love the structure of course, really enjoy the engaging content and it's presentation.
Thank you so so much. This course was amazing I can't wait to dig deeper into UI/UX.
The course is excellent and helped me evolve and better insight into UI / UX design.
This course was a great introduction to UI. Easy to follow, and really encouraging.
I really enjoyed this course and found the material extremely relevant and useful.
This is such an amazing course!It pushes you and allows you learn with your peers!
One of the best courses available to intgrate you completely to the UI / UX world!
I really like this course able to learn photoshop Lovely explanation Great course
I really love it! It was a very informative, entertainment course. I learn a lot.
Really useful! A lot of new insights for me. Will continue and join the UX corse.
Really great course for those curious about the basics of UI/UX. Would recommend!
I really like this course, i can improve my hard skill on User Interface Design!
i really enjoy while i am taking this course, it teached me a lot:)) thank you!!
This course was great! Provides a very simple process for approaching UI design.
Even if he were not a graphic designer it would be a material of rapid learning.
Very nice and friendly course! I got much new information in a convenient form.
Wonderful course, delivers the precise basics of visual design. Thanks Coursera
The things I liked most were the practical activities and the content covered.
Extremely well thought out course for anyone wanting to get into UI/UX design.
I had a fun time learning course was well paced and covers all the main topic.
A bit too simple, expected more information. Looking forward to learning more!
Nice and knowledgable! Exactly focus on the design area rather than technique.
Fun experience! The project gives me an opportunity to apply what I've learnt.
This course help me alot to learn user Interface Design concept from scratch.
Intuitive, intriguing and always keeping the learners hooked on the platform!
Explanation of concepts and ideas is clear, supported by real world examples.
Great course... even with a few years of UX/UI experience still learnt a lot
A good teacher makes learning easy. A nice course with an amazing material.
Really good course in order to understand the basics of UI design process.
Concise and complete in the same time!! Very good start for an occupation.
I really love the teaching process and how the schedules are so flexible.
Calarts has the BEST online courses!, this class is amazing! I loved it!!
I really loved the course! Learned a lot of helpful things about design!
Love the course! So helpful and let me anxious to learn so much more!!!
A very good course. Everyone who works with IT should take this course.
I love how they explain the terms of the course very easy and friendly.
Great course for start learning the basic fundamental of UI/UX design.
It was a nice course n I have learned a lot...thanks to instructor ☺️
Very good course, great materials and you get to practice right away.
Great introduction to the field with well paced lessons and projects.
It is a good start in the UI/UX design. Very fun to do it and useful.
Excellent instructor, nice concepts and assignments are interactive.
This course is really good for beginners! Explanation is fantastic!
Really excellent material and design assignments that stretched me.
Great course with small guided steps to make your first app design.
Fun design forward course, can't wait to finish the specialization!
I understand all the contents, it's easy and it going to the point.
It was an awesome learning exprience, but little bit beginer level.
Super comprehensive and manageable for a newbie to UI like myself.
It is an amazing course, I learned a lot and  really appreciate it
This course is very good for beginners but made by professionals.
amazing, easy to understand and very good incremental assignments
I enjoyed doing the assignments.Hope to learn more from coursera
It was really useful. I'm excited to complete de specialization.
It's easy to understand this course even for a beginner like me.
The design test was a very good way of testing our potentials...
Great content, thoughtful assignment prompts and easy to follow.
Amazing course. One of the best lectures I've seen in Coursera.
Very good but very basic level course! Still really informative
really good course, shaping your skills related user interface!
The teaching style is amazing. I have learned a lot of things.
Good to have this course to kick start the learning of UI/UX.
a very powerful course, i advice you to enroll it. thank you!
A good course, you can improve or build your knowledge basis.
Great course, covers all the basics you need to get started.
Great course. Very easy to begin with. Absolutely recommend.
It is really good and very clear in explaining the concepts.
It's the most awesome course, I really loved it. Thank you!
A VERY WELL ROUNDED COURSE. LOVED REVIEWING THE PEER WORK.
It really helps give me basic idea about how the UI works!
Great overview of UI packaged in fantastic delivery style.
Nicely designed. Particularly like the hands-on exercise.
I just loved the concepts and Content ! It was so helpful
I THANK THE WHOLE JURY AND CALARTS FOR AN AMAZING COURSE.
Very well explained, clear and very inspiring. Thanks : )
I like the course explains essentials. I Would recommend.
Great course, lots of interesting and useful information.
Fantastic course as an introduction to UI. Very pleased.
Great course for starters. Learned a lot of new things.
It was very useful for implementing my skills and my cv
Excellent class, really good research and presentation
A very good course with a  lot of practical training!
Great course , really got a good understanding of UI.
I really liked this course !Great for beginners ! :)
Very good course for people who interested in UI/UX.
Overall, a great overview to the field of UI design.
Deep and brief! It was a perfect first course in UI!
Excellent! I was nervous for that but I learnt a lot
Great course, learned so much in the last few weeks.
Very Informative and Very Clear on the Instructions.
It was very useful. I enjoyed the course very much.
very good!I liked my first experience with coursera
amazing course...it helped me gain my knowledge...
Well explained course with enough practical works.
Great course! Thanks to all those who prepared it!
Excellent even if you already know the basis of UI
Very interesting introduction in the whole course.
I wish i had a scholarship from California Of Arts
Right on the concepts you need to get you started!
great introduction! the tasks are interesting too
Loved the course, I learned from it and improved.
The lessons are all clear and easy to understand.
It is usefull. I learn too much from this course.
Got new perspectives of the design, great course.
Good start to have grip over UX UI fundamentals.
One of the best course to get stated with UX/UI.
Michael is the best and the course was wonderful
.I recommend this to all newcomers in UX Design.
This is a wonderful course to start things with.
Thank you CALARTS and Coursera for everything!!!
It's Systematic. Easy to learn and do exercises.
Amazing course, really learned and enjoyed it :)
Very good overview of the basics needed for UI.
It is a natural explanation from the lecturer.
Genius and genuine teachers. Loved this course
It was fun learning the skills on this course.
One of the best UI courses I've participated!
very recommended for any one want to learn ui
Simple. Clear. Felt like I learnt something.
i had a wonderful time learning this course
Great instructor and lots of great content!
It's easy to understand but i learn a lot
A really great course with great teachers
It dives right in to the essentials of UI
Truly an amazing course to set you off !
This course is well planned and designed
Very Informative and very easy to learn!
Excellent Course! Totally recommend it.
Great Course to start your UI/UX design
A well-structured course for beginners.
Very easy to learn. Thanks all of you.
Very enjoyable, clear and informative!
Really fun and informative. Thank you!
great content and amazingly explained.
Great content to start in the UI world
Amazing Course! Got to learn so much.
The extra resources were very useful.
Very well-structured and informative!
Very interesting and engaging course!
This is really a very useful course!
thank you for this wonderful course.
Great course to learn UI foundations
Really hands-on and easy to follow.
found very interesting in learning
It was all good and useful for me.
Good Professor and team in general
Amazing Course for very beginners.
Awesome. Rich amount of knowledge.
best for basic learn to ux design
It has exceeded my expectations..
Awesome course to get you started
Loved the courses! Thank you!Lisa
Nice Course very nice for newbie
It is a good base to learn more.
Great course! Really enjoyed it!
Very Good Content in the course
Great course for UI UX starters
Awesome content and instructor
It was educative and inspiring
Very well explained concepts.
Awesome course for beginner..
The videos are well detailed.
Really enjoyed it, thank you!
So useful and well designed!!
Really helpful course for me.
I Love the Valuation Process
Awesome learning experience!
I loved to take this class !
Amazing, highly recommended
Great teaching and learning
It was really helpful to me
Very Efficient and Helpful.
This course was beneficial
Awesome courseThanks a lot
It was amazing experience.
A well planned out course.
Excellent and practically
Learn a lot of new things
This course is amazing.
It's a very nice course
It was worth the time.
Loved the instructor!
Great teaching skills
Easy and nice course.
Great Course. Cheers!
The best course ever.
The course is great.
Absolutely loved it
good course for UI
very informative !
An amazing course!
Loved the course
Love the course.
Liked very much
Nice Teaching!
A good course.
Great choice!!
beat course
great stuff
