This course isn't teaching any aspect of its promised title "Healing with the Arts" or providing educational value. It is a series of videos that are essentially guided meditations. I guess "Healing with the Arts" meant 'we will attempt to heal you, the viewer/student' not teach you about it. While there is nothing wrong with guided meditations or online therapy sessions, it is not what I wanted. I wanted to learn about the history of using art in healing; what is the science that makes this a valid form of supplemental treatment; how do the arts help heal physical maladies vs. mental health issues; what are the best practices when employing the arts in healing?, etc. It appears the curriculum goes further into specific art modalities later on in the course, which might be interesting, but I have given up on it. I have limited time to devote to study right now and I would much rather place my precious resources into another course. This was very disappointing.
This  course is inappropriate  for coursera,, in my opinion.  It presents a very narrow view on creative inspiration, and process,  promotes witchcraft  and shamanism practices without  due examination of the consequences it may have on the unsuspecting students.  I a  disappointed  with coursera's decision to include this course,, and concerned .about the students.
"Inuit"  is not a geographical place. It is not appropriate to use terminology and practices that you think represent First Nation spirituality, if you are not considered a holder of knowledge in the parent culture. This careless approach discredits the University, and promotes practices that are unacceptable to the  major regulatory bodies APA, CCPA, for therapists.
This wasn't an educational course. I did not learn anything at all. Everything was only based on chakras and meditation which is easily available on youtube. I expected to help my patients with this course because of the course name and modules. Got nothing out of it.
This course isn't what I thought it would be about and I am very disappointed that I have wasted $70 in the current economic climate. I will not be recommending this course to anyone and do not believe that it necessarily provides what it says it will to the participant.
I am sorry but these teachers are so heavy on appropriating native american culture and I wanted to throw up.
Many videos involving meditation, interviews with students and artists sharing their work.Suggestions how to utilize art to heal. Some good ideas, but way too many sequential meditation videos. Seriously, back to back meditations. I think there were four or five back to back in the earliest module.Also to my surprise, and unlike all the other courses i have taken on Coursera, when you get to the final peer review project. In this case a 2-3 page paper and an art submission , when you try to submit them, you are notified that you can not complete your submission without upgrading to a" paid version.''There is an alternative way to submit them throught the forum. But this does not seem like completing the course. I am left feeling somewhat misled. if you go into this course knowing that, then you might enjoy it. Everyone is different.
This course could be better. I appreciate the promotion of using arts for healing. I was disappointed in the self-promotion, massive appropriation, lack of in-depth explanation to assist those in the helping professions to guide another in their healing journey, the instructors focused more on self than teaching the process to lead others. This course gets lost between how to use the arts in practice and an art class. The videos need to be evaluated and re-edited as there is a lot of repetition.
While Healing with the Art has not been the academically-based course or level of education you'd expect from a university, it was put together with so much love from the main facilitator that I thoroughly enjoyed it. Will you learn in-depth knowledge about healing through artistic mediums? No. Neither art forms nor healing processes are explained much beyond the basics. So if you are looking for scientific evaluation and professional applications, this course is probably not for you. However,  if you are interested in creative self-expression, this course will be inspiring and gently guide you through exploring different art forms. The guided imagery journeys are quite lovely, especially if you really take the time to complete your journal entries. There were aspects of this course I really loved, like the spirit animal journey, the journal process itself, the invitations for self-exploration, the facebook group, the genuine nature of the main facilitator and the overall informal setting. This course has given me a lot of encouragement and a great opportunity to express myself authentically. On the down-side, not all videos are worth watching. Some contributions from other teachers and students I could have done without, but it was all so well-intended that I readily went along with the syllabus. So if you would like to unite your inner artist with your inner healer, this course could be a blessing and stepping stone for more creativity and well-being in your life.
I believe that there was a lot of great information to learn through this course and would recommend it to anyone wanting to advance their career in recreational therapy or related careers. It was also a nice change in terms of the style of teaching/learning. The only reason this course lost stars for me was because a lot of the videos were from 2014 and the world has greatly changed since then, as well as people's practices. I also found there to be a lot of unnecessary videos that did not contribute towards my learning, and in end felt wasted. Overall I do do believe this to be a good course, but needs to be updated for sure.
A nice course if you are looking to explore yourself in ways of expressing via the arts and experiencing new things. For me personally this felt as a lightweight course which lacks grounding, guidance and depth for the healing part which are better provided for in other courses at Coursera. I'm saying this as an educated energy healer, so my point of reference might differ.
This is a good course as a refresher or introduction to using the arts as a means for personal growth and healing.  The book is a nice companion if you buy it.  There is nothing new in the course for someone who is a seasoned transformative artist and expressive arts therapist.
fun and inspiring
It seemed like it was a waste of time until I actually gave into the exercises, then it brought out playful creativity that I haven't felt in a long time. It wasn't what I expected, it was a little more of much different.
I really enjoyed the course, I fell in love with it and started right away, finished it in one month. I'm grateful for being able to acquire a certificate freely, I know the difference it will make for my current education and future work (I'm finishing a Master in Clinical Psychology and discovered in Art Therapy an approach I want to follow). The positivity I felt from the instructors was also healing, I'm sure it was an important part of the process of self healing, proposed by the course. It was clear that they really enjoyed providing it, sharing themselves with us. There were also many inspiration from many people who shared their own processes in the videos, their knowledge and experience which apart of being just good to watch, was a nice recognition of the efficacy of this approach. What I missed though was a few theoric background of the approach, the history of it, a general idea of the areas it comprises, to better understand how the healing and the therapist who uses this approach works. Since I recognize reading about a process that you are living and has to be organic, natural, unfiltered, without criticism to be effective can interfere with it, I was glad not to find any theoric content during the course but was expecting it to be in the final section. So this would be my suggestion, it would do no harm to the people who are not interested in the theory, since would be provided after the conclusion of the course and as an option to read/access the content or not, and would be helpful to the people who actually are interested in the theme beyond the experiencing of it.
Even though I am not a religious or spiritual person I got so much out of this course. It offered me such a wide variety of tools for my personal creative toolkit. Thank you thank you thank you for creating this and for sharing so many wonderful stories, people, ideas, hope, and encouragement. I am changed for the better because of it.
This course is about the ways in which healing can be achieved through various artforms. The facilitators are passionate about teaching this course and it's good to learn from them. Anybody who likes art, music, dance, writing etc., and want to heal through these artforms in their life can take this course without a second thought.
The course is wonderful, I've learned so much. Thank you for your time creating it! For future, maybe consider a better grading system. I had to re-apply my final project few times because my passing/failing was determined by the number of students who review it (which was only 2 people each attempt).
I loved the course! It was just what I needed at this time. I am deeply grateful.On a practical level, some of the videos and instructions needed a little organizing. Sometimes assignments were confusing as the videos gave other instructions or assignments, too. But I was happy anyway!
Amazing course for those who interested in arts and for those who seek for another way of healing.  There are five ways of arts in this class, and you may find what suit and heal you. It helps me a lot with my depression.
The class gave me some wonderful alternatives to explore.  I am trying many of them with mixed results.  I would recommend this class to anyone who is open minded and in search of a path towards healing.
fantastic course! Although a little too hippie and idealistic for my taste. It takes more than the arts to heal someone.  Although it was a very good course about alternative medicine and treatments.
I really love this course. It was wonderful for me to find all the tools that I found here to heal my soul. I appreciate all the work that took to created it. Thank you.
Well. This course is so different. It can lead you into a totally different world~ But the course is not very educational. But anyway, it is free~
A lovely and inspirational course! It has provided me with beautiful insights and tools. Very friendly and warm teachers. Thank you!
I found the the class to be vastly different than I imagined it would be, but in the end, I created something I am quite proud of.
Grateful for having this guide and blossom as an imperfect human being who wants to heal artistically.
More than a course is a personal assesment about our conection with any type of art.
Really good course. I liked the process, the presentations, and the content.
This course is more on the holistic side but it definitely worth it.
Very interesting course, I recommend it.
Make fast in issuing of certificates
Very fruitful and joyful course!
i enjoyed the course so much
I learnt  such a grateful skill  now I am feeling more confident, now I am able to help a lot of people in my community who are suffering with negative thoughts and psychological problems  .
Healing with the Arts has been such an incredibly heart warming and exploratory experience. I have learned how important it is to embrace art in every moment, and to recognize the impulse to create as a true blessing. This course has given me several ways in which to express myself artistically, and I have learnt first hand the effect of Art as a way of healing. This course really allowed me to explore and experience healing, which has inspired me so much as a teacher myself, it means so much to learn from your own discovery. The lecturers and participants of the course were incredibly inspiring, radiant and their authenticity was contagious. It really gave me such a great sense of connection with all involved and this allowed the intimacy of healing to truly unfold within me. I wish I could be part of a community such as this so that the course never had to end! Rocket of desire launched :) Thank you from the depths of my soul for this beautiful discovery and reunion with innocent joy!
This is a dream come true. Working with art and healing. I feel so lucky to be attending this course. It gets my essence- juises flowing. It is so calming and uplifting. Thank you <3
I can't thank enough University of Florida for this lovely course. Art Therapy, in general, and Dance Therapy, specifically, are areas that I have always been interested in. I learned a great deal about them, how I can use them on a daily basis for self care and, most importantly, how can I use them to help others. At the beginning of the course I was a bit overwhelmed by the phylosofical and psychological side to them, but as you progress in the course it all starts making sense, and the puzzle pieces fall into place as you move forward in the course. It was both eye-opening and transformative. I would totally recommend this wonderful course! Thank you!
This course is truly a gift to everyone especially to those who would like to find healing in the comfort of their homes and in inside their sacred spaces. Good job to all the team especially to our mentors Dr. Mary Rockwood Lane and Dr. Michael Samuels. <3 <3 <3
HiThank you I thoroughly enjoyed the course. It was very interesting for me to see how so many people responded to the INNER CRITIC assignment. Although I have been an artist for many year I had no idea that art was so healing.In the beginning I really battle to understand what was expected of me, so thanks to the Support Group I eventually got there. Also when Mary chatted about the FINAL PROJECT I was not sure if it was the end of each WEEK, but I soon found out only later that it was something we needed to do for WEEK 6.My only dislike was that I really stressed having to find a way to upload the FINAL PROJECT Video of myself. I have never loaded anything onto YOUTUBE or GOOGLE DRIVE, so this was very frustrating not having any idea of what to do. Eventually a couple of kind friends came to my rescue. I think that Clear instructions as how to do this, would be very helpful to people like me.Thank you Mary and Michael for setting up this course, you are clearly passionate about what you do! Keep going.Best wishesregardsSHANNON
That was one amazing journey! It was eye opening and an outstanding self-discovery process... I loved every bit of it and will continue to practice it personally, and with all the people I love. I'm very grateful I came across this, and I'm very grateful to you, Mary and Michael for making this happen and showing this much love and dedication to all of the participants. I'm also grateful to be part of this community and getting to know all those beautiful human beings and artists.Thank you! :)
I would like to thank Coursera for providing this wonderful opportunity to learn Healing with the Arts, it has been one of the most amazing experiences of my life! I truly feel that everyone should complete this course, as there is a healer and an artist inside all of us, and this course very simply demonstrates how to bring them out! In today's world os stress and constant struggle, this is a ray of hope we must all try and make full use of!Thank you
Wonderful, special, very inspiring course, it helped me not only understand the subject deeper, but also helped me bring my creativity and spiritual values back to everyday experience, daily practice. The course is very inspiring and full of artistic challenges, honesty, dedication, deep ideas, great and courageous people. I am very grateful to the authors and contributers of this beautiful course!
This course is so much more than I thought it ever could be. It seemed a little corny at times, but it all comes together in the end. Definitely recommended if you're looking to overcome your inner critic. The course offers many forms of expression from collage, dance, poetry, music, painting, drawing, sculpture, and focuses on creating an ongoing art journal.
I absolutely loved it!I don't have enough words to thank for this fabulous course, blessings Mary and Michael, you are bringing such beauty, love and healing to the world.Thanks Coursera also, i'm, really thankful.
Amazing course! Giving ideas and solution to go on with life doing art and realising all pain and transforming life! I liked every minute of this course! Thank you so much for this course!
I found this course in a very important moment of my life, which is: my career transition into Arts. My aim is to gather all the knwoledge and practice I got from this course and transform it in a workshop in my hometown. It seems that the first chance will be already in August with a Workshop for cancer patients. Regarding the "Healing with the Arts" online program, I loved to take part on it and discover how many you can work qith art to bring peace and wellbeing to yourself and others. I also apreciated the mentions of spirituality and art as well as the meditations and guided imagery that we've done together. Thanks a lot for making this course available online, so that people who doesn't live in the USA can benefit from it to.
The course is great, but you need a 100% open mind... something’s are very hippie and I rolled my eyes so far back I saw the back of my head. But at the end I am super happy that I finished and definitely buying the book cause there are things that I want to go in a bit deeper.Definitely recommend this course.
This course was very informative and deep.  I enjoyed the spoken word/ poem and w writting segment the most. I learnt great strategies for healing such as guided imagery, music and spiritual practices. This course will definitely help me in my practice when offering counselling interventions and services.
Great course. Very inspiring. I intend to take on-board the structure of the course - visual art, music, dance, word - and integrate it into an ongoing creative practice. Having just completed the course, I would happily take it all over again!
Great curriculum, well executed. Final project was a bit complicated to present and feedback/peer review format not clearly searchable / visible. Ie I have still not seen review of my project, although I have received grade and certificate.
This course does everything it promises. The lectures are comprehensive and clear, and include many helpful and illustrative examples of student work that will inspire you to dive head first into the transformational power of art.
Thank you for providing this soooooo good course for me, it really helped me pass through the depression and worried form lifetime, I would take all the experience form course in mind to make my life better, thank you so much.
Unfortunately due to travelling i was not able to complete the last lesson but I loved this course so much!!! It was very inspiring and i will put everything i learned in practice! Thank you!!
I loved the course..I learn a lot for it...I surprised by the things i am able to do after the course like to keep journal ,to find solutions for my patients and a lot more gains!Thank you!
Healing with the Arts has been such a wonderful experience. I have learned so much on the way to heal oneself using arts and appreciate one's own ability and creativity. This course has given me many ways in which to express myself artistically, and I would be able to apply this to my own life and help others using it. It means a lot to learn experientially. I have taken a similar course before but coming into this course allows me to add more to my tools. The instructors were inspiring, and I liked having the opportunity to see the other participants' work as well. Thank you for this amazing journey and discovery.
With this course I went back to my adolescence years when I used to paint, write and draw whatever would come into my mind. I remember that the Arts are one of the most powerful healing tools that we have as human beings. It reminded me that we all are artists: if just we free that inner child that knows exactly what to do; we must let shine that spark of joy that would ignite our souls and heal our bodies; release the fear of judgement and jump into the unknown full of colors, sounds, movements, forms, shapes and words.That's what the Arts will do for us: set us free!
A big thank you to the University of Florida for this fantastic course Healing with the Arts. Art Therapy Process painting Dance Therapy making a sacred place, music,creative journals, and so much more.I always had a passion for the art's now I can use my passion for healing also create more creativity in my art and life. Most importantly how I can use my learning experience to help others.Sending you peace and positive energy!I would totally recommend this course! Thank you! Everyone who made this course possible.A big BRAVO to all my classmates!
After taking the “Healing With the Arts” course offered by the University of Florida, I have felt so much better than ever. In fact, I love sharing my stories through creative writing and art. Mary and Michael are the ones who give me the inspiration to find the spiritual healing through the arts. It is a technique of self-care and it has really helped me cope with my anxiety. I highly recommend this class to anyone who may have experience practicing self-care through arts, like me.
Thank you dear Mary, Michael, University of Florida, and Coursera for this absolutely wonderful course.I have not just learned new skills, but have dived deeper within and have healed parts of me. Super thankful for this beautiful experience of growing with all of you in this special time. I feel very blessed to be able to go through this course the way I did with the assistance of your videos and guidance.God bless and Namaste to all of you! <3
Healing with arts! It truly signifies the slogan! Though i learnt many techniques of healing with arts, ut was a two way process wherein i learnt as well i could heal my self through engaging in some artistic activities. This was a whole lot new experience for me, i am so glad that i chose this course which helped me become a better human being inside out.thanks to Mary and Michael for their constant guidance and support!
I loved this course. The instructors were excellent. Kudos to all who shared video examples with us. The only thing I will say is that 6 weeks is really not long enough to deeply explore all of these different genres of expressing and healing yourself with art. I would suggest that after completing the course, go back and spend more time going over the weeks you felt most connected to. Thank you for offering this course!
This course has been an absolutely amazing experience! Mary and Michael are extremely knowledgable in this field and I have learnt so much about the arts and how art can heal. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to help themselves and others through art and it's healing powers! I have learnt an unbelievable amount about art and healing over this last six weeks! Have a lovely day :)
Although in the beginning, I was not sure about the contains and the pedagogic of this course I'm definitely amazed about how much I have learned on it. I really recommended either you are a person already connected to arts and healing or not. It is a good chance to be more deeply aware of yourself and especially if you are going to work or already work helping people through arts.
i Really enjoyed this class since it gave me the opportunity to learn about the different arts and how can be used to heal. I could identify myself with some of the situations like trying to be perfect when signing instead of allowing myself to just enjoy singing. The course was well discussed and well explained. I found the sequence of the topics discussed was also great.
I'm so glad I took this course. Exploring the different genres of art, spirituality, meditation and visual imagery is very healing. Great to see and connect to other artists also. The journaling aspect is something I will strive daily to continue. Thank you for offering this creative, healing place to be. Best wishes to everyone with their journey.Susan H.
This course changed my perspective on life. It was a very helpful and cheerful course. It taught me to embrace my little imperfections. It is an awesome journey. I recommend everyone to take this once in a lifetime. By the end of the course, there will be a sweet smile on everyone's face that is assured. We start living every moment to the fullest :)
This is the kind of course that goes on indefinitely. I was able to use the Arts to deal with some issues I have carried with me for a long time. Mary and Michael were wonderful instructors as well as all the artists that shared time with their Art, Music, Dance, and Spoken Word. Wonderful class that is truly designed for the person taking it!
I would like to thank Coursera for providing this wonderful opportunity to learn Healing with the Arts, it has been one of the most amazing experiences of my life! I truly feel that everyone should complete this course, as there is a healer and an artist inside all of us, and this course very simply demonstrates how to bring them out!
Although it was a bit weird in the beginning, it was definitely one of the best decisions I made. It brought me out of the shell and helped me not be afraid to be a beginner artist. It helped me express in different artistic ways that I didn't think I could, and I thoroughly enjoyed. Will recommend this course to anyone and everyone.
Unconventional, intriguing, fascinating! Thanks to this course I've started to actually create my own art. Thank you for encouragement!!! I love this course and recommend it to all the people who simply claim, they'll never be artists, because they're not talented. Yes, you are! Take this course and explore you amazing talents.
I would definitely give this course 5 stars!  In the beginning I was kind of nervous to get out of my comfort zone and do the modules suggested but realized it was easy as suggested by Mary.   This course enabled me to learn a lot about myself.  Thank you so much, Mary and Michael!I wish I could find more courses like this one!
It was a wonderful experience being part of the programme Healing with the Art . It helped me to look into myself with an open heart and mind . Every module was very apt and inspirational . I enjoyed each and every journal writing and drawing . Thank you for arranging such wonderful holistic programme . God Bless !
I loved this course. It´s well structured and beautifully facilitated by Mary and Michael. But most of all, it´s a creative and heartfelt invitation to reconnect with who we truly are and honored the creative, artistic and healing nature of every human being. Thank you for this opportunity.
I really loved the course! Infact doing this course itself was a process of self healing for me.... To all the dear faculties, students and members of Florida University,Thank you so much! Hope we get to participate in more courses like this.With all Love from India,Sam T Rajkumar
Very beautiful course. This course will bring a hidden talent in us. i gifted myself with a journal and paintings by the end of this course. More usefull for people in pain as this courses repeatedly adresses you as a healer and an artist. Really enjoyed this course.
Mary and Michael opened my mind to so many mediums and with that, healing occurred. I am so grateful to this class and I will continue journaling and expressing myself through the arts. I also loved the Healing with the Arts book, a must have.Thank you !
I would suggest this course to everyone who loves art or somebody who wants to heal. This course has helped me a lot, be it for detoxifying my mind or gaining concentration. Everyne should do this course and experience this beautiful journey with Art.
This course was extremely insightful. I learned a lot about myself and how to express my emotions and feelings. This class taught me how to deal with stressors and find my creative side. I would recommend it to anyone needing an inspirational output.
Excellent course! Very interesting and worth taking. It helps open your heart and express your feelings through any medium (art) you are most comfortable with. Thank to the instructors, Mary and Michael, for their efforts to put the course together!
Thank you so much for making available to us such a valuable course. The module is amazing and designed nicely. Learned so much about arts and feeling interested to take more courses on art. You were really nice throughout the course.
It is an amazing course. I recommend it to everyone irrespective of the suffering or not. This will definitely help you grow in the natural way. Thank you so much for the wonderful content and the course structure.
This is course is really simple and very interesting. Those who really want to learn to heal with art this is the best selection. Please do not miss the opportunity to explore your inner talent of healing with art.
It is a wonderful journey where you can do things with your hands, your body rather than just talking. You can see yourself more clearly through the creative process and I am very thankful for this experience!
Thank you very much for this wonderful opportunity. A path of growth through experimentation. And great examples of how the arts can facilitate sustaining and helping to heal. thanks thanks thanks
This is a great course. When i was doing this course i felt the teachers of this course as if in my real life.. their directions proved me that art, in every form, can heal your problems.
I loved the diversity within the course - that it provided the opportunity to try and test various types of art in order to find the one (or more) methods that help or at least cause fun.
it is really amazing course. A lot of work but il ove it... opened me an my heart. Mary, so charismatic person. I back there so willingly to learn and do my exercises.  Thank you so much
i can really help myself healing with my deepest  wounds and i can concentrate on work properly.i will also recommend this course for others who desperately need healing in their life
This course help me to find my passion and happiness. Now I don't care about inner critic anymore. I'm free to do my creativity. Thank you so much for helping me with it. Thank you❤️
I really enjoyed every moment of this course. i have not seen Mary but i really adore her kind and positive way of teaching , i am grateful for the opportunity you gave menamaste
A beautiful travel in my inner self, loving people meeting and most of all I succeeded to find in a gentle way abilities that i was nor aware of. Thank you and a lot of blessing.
The course was really a wonderful experience,i really learned something valuable from this course and i will try to recommend to my other friends too,THANK  YOU MARY AND MICHAEL
A wealth of information. And great examples. We were not just TOLD what to do, we were showed with examples. This is a route I may be going with my art, and it sure guided me!
I'm really enjoying doing art projects for homework and working with my spirit animal. :) I also ordered the book with the 12 wee program so I can share this with others!
I highly recommend this course,It's poweful and strenghts your confidence. It develops creativity and  a connection with your inner self ... and it's for your whole life
It has really been a great journey and this course has helped me to grow in the process. I am looking forward to keep up the spirit and continue to work on my own self.
I loved the course. It lightened my stress and made me joyful. Gave an understanding how the skills of arts can be used to calm my mind and enjoy life. Thanks a tonne.
This course was absolutely life changing!! It’s worth more than money can buy. I feel like I’m walking away from this course a differently and healed woman. Thank-you!
its was awsum to learn how you can work and accept yourself without reservation and can take you out from any misery, only if you try. learn to live in HERE AND NOW.
An amazing and inspirational course! The best course that I have done to date. The videos are informative, interactive and excellently presented. Highly recommended.
i feel deeply grateful to be here under the guidance of 2 people i greatly admire. I have found the course very interesting and inspiring and ive only just begun
I truly enjoyed it and it was a life changing course. I would totaly recomand it. For the entry and medium level students interested in the domain. Thank you!!!
The healing with arts is a very good course and I got so many benefits for this course. I will develop a  of skills and able to do creative things.
A dream come true!  Thank you for the opportunity.I loved this course.  Great instruction with use of varying ways to be healing and creative.
This course is useful to understand the impact of art and its healing power. It encourages participation and has practical oriented modules.
This course was life-changing for me! It opened up my mind and my heart to my art and made me finf the artist within! Totally reccomend it!
it was a great introduction and confidence builder in art therapy. I strongly recommend this for anyone who works in the or with the arts.
That was a great course. My teachers and also topic were all incredible. Thanks for all. I am very happy that I ve joined that course.
Thecourse,healing with the arts is very useful  course. It is creative and informative. It is  increasing the  knowledge about  arts.
Great course. It allows me to deeper learn a healing of arts opportunity, use new technics and develop new skills - deeper my pos
This is a wonderful course. I've being learnt how to heal with the Arts. And I love to practice these valuable lessons everyday.
Sincerely thanks to all trainer of this course to make a life so beautiful and give us strength to use Art in our daily life.
It was an amazing experience having enroll with you learned a lot and I m also trying to keep meditation in my daily routine
Awesome course.  Well organized, based on research and supported with anecdotal examples.  Super positive and encouraging.
Great course, requires open mindedness and a lot of personal input, but I feel like I learned a lot about myself during!
This was an amazing course! thank you! it heals for sure and embraces empathy and courage and science that backs it up!
It is a very good course that i ever done. The instructors were too good, they clearly guide us through this course.
I love it and I recommend to everyone! The quality of the videos and the content from the teachers are unbelievable.
Excellent course. Inspiring and motivating content, easy to follow and the activities were relevant and interesting.
This  is such a great course! i am empowered to continue my journal, dancing, drawing and painting with confidence.
The best online course which I have ever experienced ? Thanks Mary ,Micheal and all of your course collaborators
This is an excellent and safe platform for self-exploration and healing. Each module taught me something new!
I truly loved this course. The teachers are amazing and I got from it a lot more then I expected. THANK YOU!
This course is beautifully done and follows my own beliefs and practices which I was kind of surprised by.
Very good Course, that helps to get connected with your inner Feelings. Thanks a lot for the Inspiration.
This course added so much to my life! I find ways to do art every day, now. Thank you, Mary and Michael!
Such a Wonderful Course!! Please do as much of the work as possible as well as interact with the class.
May be the best course I have ever taken that has had the best positive affect to me as an artist.
I really enjoyed this course, it gave me a new strength must do you you want to know Who are You?
Really well designed and implemented. I have downloaded all the material because they are GOLD!!
"Healing   with arts" is a very nice Course I had enjoyed a lot when I am doing my assignments.
Incredible resource to either further your career, or self-enrichment. Loved it ! THANK YOU!
Excellent class for beginners and anyone else who is looking for self-healing opportunity. .
Everybody should take this course.It has so much information and wisdom in it.Thank you.
I really liked it. Was skeptical in a beginning but I really enjoyed it at the end.
the course featured a lot of creative ways which can be used for mental health care
Beautiful, engaging and well taught course. I loved being a part of this journey.
Great Course! I keep filling my journal with more creative ideas. Kind regards!
Great experience for those who fall in love  with art! i am inspired very much!
Definitely a fantastic positive spirit around this course. Extremely pleasant.
I have thoroughly enjoyed every moment of this course and highly recommend it.
Very important course , I think everybody should take it , thank you.
It is an excellent course, combines spiritual and physical healing.
Good course for who want to learn about the healing power of arts.
Was a wonderful journey, thanks so much for offering this course!
It is really healing! I was happy to participate in this course!
It was a little slow and draggy but helps with everybody's pace.
It was an incredible experience. Didn't expect to be this good.
This is a great class and I would highly recommend to everyone.
Excellent course. A must for art healers, artists and seekers.
This course was super fun. You should give a try for sure
It was very helpful for me to u understand my creativity
A beautiful journey that brought me closer to myself <3
A wonderful course that activated my love for the Arts.
Its an amazing journeyI enjoyed and learn many skills.
I feel happy to enjoy this course!We are travelers.
This course helped me regain a lost part of myself.
Thank you all for your good knowledge and material
one of the best experiences in my learning life.
This course is comfortable,funny and excellent.
Everyone can become artist because this course!
I feel so good with this course! Recommended!!
This course was healing for me as a student.
really helped to heal my losses. great class
BEAUTIFUL  JOURNAL TO DISCOVER YOUR SELF
Amazing courseloved itthank you so much
Thank you very much! I am now healed.
The most enjoyable online course ever
This class is great. I recommend it.
Amazing and truly inspiring course.
is a great course congratulation...
Really special and informative.
Experience was simply amazing
Very Funny THanks Professor
Fantastic online course
it is a splendid course
I absolutely loved it!
! Thank you very  much
I recommend this cou
I enjoyed the comol
I learned so much
Beautifully done.
Truly inspiring.
amazing class!!!
Admirable work
that’s good
Really cool
im healed
