Although the course subjects are interesting, it was really hard to concentrate. It was very difficult to follow because there were no intonations. It was obvious that they read the text instead of being more natural. (I exclude the Professors in England) Also the questions were not direct enough due to language barriers. I wish there was more about lifestyle and nutrition like meal suggestions. Also some parts about calorie intake and exercise were unclear and may be misleading.
While this professor has in depth explanations of his 'facts', the information I am hearing does not correspond with what I believe to be more up to date. Furthermore, having studied physiology as well as nutrition, I am taken aback by how incorrect I feel this course is.
I am trying to complete the final quiz but the questions are out of context and syllabus provided.
englisch was painful to hear. full of useful information.
The majority of the course in centered around medicine and drugs rather than around drug-free pregnancy. Actual nutrition topics are only covered in relation to drug supplementation.
I found the level of interactivity on this course completely non existent.  I was attempting to gain some advice, asking what I felt were important questions of clarification.  It's not as if there were 100 students asking questions, and yet it was as if I was talking in an echo chamber.  That was really disappointing, given I could see, apart from me - almost every other question had been responded to by someone!  I'm unsure if it was because of the timing of when I took the course or something else.I also felt that in Week 2 of the course there was a huge amount of assumed knowledge and that required me to go and do at least 3 hours of extra study to understand what was being said.  It seemed strange given that the rest of the course was very easy to understand.
I'd like to see more efforts towards informing about vegan options in pregnancy nutrition. Also, the risk of microplastics in fish was not mentioned, neither a plant-based option for omega 3s (f.e. algae oil). Information was well explained and contains a clear action plan to follow. I like how lifestyle and nutrition are seen as the biggest contributors to health and wellbeing.
not very informative, unfortunately. too much scientific stuff. From practical point of view - exercise moderately, take folic acid and iodine supplements, don't eat much more than previously, don't smoke and drink. Fruits and vegetables and whole grain food and fish is good. That's it.
course was informative but somewhat self-explanatory on pregnancy health. I'm sure anyone can learn this without having to take a course. However, the questions on the tests were rarely consistent with what was covered.
not as informative as I would have liked - folic acid info was the most helpful
A very detailed course. Alot of valuable information.
Its a challenging course, lots of information.
Not completely logical, but interesting
In depth knowledge about the subject
Great course! My only notice is that fats were not advised, mistakenly by my opinion. Saturated fats, mono and some polyunsaturated are necessary in specific amounts to induce better hormonal health. I'm a nuritionist and I believe that low fat is not the answer. I don't think high carb diet of 50%+ is always the best for humans, and I do believe that pregnant women are no different. But I understood the cycle, and it makes sense that when people usually had sex was usually spring, which means that the first and second trimester should be full of sugary fruits for the mothers. The third trimester (Oct-Nov-Dec) would be the time where fat mobilization would come in play, naturally from the absence of fruits and much food in general. ALthough it seems harsh to be born at that time (cold, etc) it just makes sense if you sense the natural rythm if life (sex drive in spring, fruits in spring, summer and autumn.
This was a very informative course, a review for someone with nutrition background. I liked that it provided articles and websites based on USA recommendations as well as other countries (mainly UK). Again, I liked that it provided a list of peer reviewed articles that you can access later on for supplemental reading. It was short and to the point. This wasn't really in-depth for someone with nutrition background, but if I didn't know anything about nutrition; this definitely helps a lot. I would recommend it! Easy to understand and loved that you can create notes.
Although I can't agree with some of the points because of my extensive reading, e.g. the claim that supplementing with folic acid is better than supplementing with folate or the claim that every pregnant woman should increase her daily intake of iodine (to those with autoimmune thyroid, iodine is actually toxic), I have enjoyed this course and learnt quite a lot from it.
It was an ok course, but I think they don't look at the bigger picture in certain things, like suggesting eating fish- nutritionfacts.org has more updated info that looks at it from different perspectives. Also, if an obese pregnant woman is on the course, gosh they would feel awful. Not at all sensitive. Basically saying 'if you're fat your baby may die'.
This course is really good. the way of explanation of Dr. Berthold is very comprehensive, simple easily apprehend able. what if you add some pictures and videos like physical activities during pregnancy. I like the facts and fiction portion the most. but over all whole course was really lovable.
I liked the overall course, being brief and easy to catch. Except one part, where vegan diet has been criticized for lacking essential omega. I am a vegan and I am completely aware that I do NOT require fish in my diet to comply with omega RDA. Apart from that, the course is quite good.
The course has great content and some crutial information about pregnancy and problems that may occur. The third week was harder than the others, but with a little bit of reading you can pass as well. Good work and thank you for the knowledge.
I am a pregnant woman at the stage of beginning of second trimester. Going through through this course, I have learnt how to take care of my self in my diets, exercise and expanded related knowledge!Thank you!
Thank You for your Valuable Information..It may be useful for me or my family members in the future..with the help of your lecturers i am able to apply my knowledge wherever it needs..THANK YOU ONCE AGAIN..
i am already a postgrad in nutrition and dietetics but from this course i had gained an additional knowledge regarding my field which i haven't done during my regular course. Sincere thanks to the faculty.
This course was very informative and really interesting. I'm happy to have taken this course and I hope to help the people around me with this newly acquired knowledge.
Very interesting course! At the beginning videos seemed a bit too long but you get adjusted after a while. Some links to the reading reference does not work.
Solid course, great info presented here. lots of different presentations for different types of learners. the final exam is kinda whack but it's good overall
This is one the interesting amd must learn course. I highly recommend this course for those professionals want to know and work on nutrition and preganancy
Very informative and educational. A little bit more info (either in video or in the links)  about breastfeeding could be very useful. I would recommend :D
while watching the video i feel the volume is very low. the course is very informative and i learned all the important nutrients needed for pregnancy
it was informative session. I am glad to be the part of this.but nutrition should be the concern in the course rather than physiology in pregnancy.
For the quiz the correct explanation should have been give for the answers so that we would be able to understand where we have gone wrong
Which r the things women should learn and they should be known of lifestyle in pregnancy are been learnt in this coursera
I’m prenatal practitioner,by sharing this cours,got a lot of new information.I hope to add more benefits to my patients.
Iam a Pharm d student it gave clear information regarding nutrition, exercise and care should be taken during pregnancy
Great Content, interesting...expanded my knowledge and confidence to coach pre-conception and pregnant women.Thank you
It was very unique and helpful course , that also helped me throughout my whole pregnancy and also for planning to it
Excellent course, but i would  like it even more if the last module were more longer. But i really enjoy it.
Loved this course! Very insightful even after going through 3 pregnancies, there were still some nugge
content is very good. all the pregnancy related issues nicely covered which are related to nutrition.
a well organized course i have got a lot of information about pregnancy thanks for your efforts
It's quite good , but I would like more specific and professional information for physicians
This course is very beneficial regarding information related to nutrition during pregnancy.
A lot of good content, but not detailed enough and many concepts are just glossed over.
A  very well laid-out introductory course to nutrition and lifestyle in pregnancy.
I enjoyed this course and the challenges it posed. Thank you for offering it!
Very comprehensive with latest information. Love all the lectures. Thank you.
It is very easy way to learn and helpful for futher applicatio....
Veryusefulinformation. Some are relatively difficult to remember
A good course for health science  students & related people.
I just love Coursera and the ability to study from anywhere.
I like a lot this course, very informative and dynamic.
Very Informative. Well planned and structured course.
It will be useful to get the correction of the quiz
A very good revision and update.  Thank you
Excellent course. I learned a lot of things
Great and important courseAmazing teacher
Very informative, well structured course.
Informative topic in our day to day life
its awesome!, learning about pregnancy .
It was so useful course. Thanks a lot 👌
I want my certificate too.thank you
Very good class! Great information.
awesome course thank you so much
Very useful and intressting
Overall very good course!
good and rich content
good information!
Helped me understand the importance of good nutrition during pregnancy. This course helped me build my  knowledge of nutrition and how we must bring about lifestyle changes for a healthy pregnancy.
What a brilliant course.  I have learnt  a great deal.  Well reseached, indepth and practical.  i will be using this information in my nutrional practice.  It was also very helpful to me as a pregnant mother.  It consolidated a lot of infomation i have acquired during the years but more importantly the science behind it gave me a renewed confidence in what I have been doing.  A big thank you to the founders of this course.  i will be revisiting it on the Enea web site to get everything to stick.  it was a great deal of information and with the extra reading ressources included it took me at least three hours a week over a week to get a good grasp of the infomation.  I feel well placed to advise myself  and help in providing pre natal nutritonal and lifestyle advise to others.  i can't say thank you enough!!!
I really enjoyed this course as nutrition is part of our life and most importantly during pregnancy... This course gave me an insight to how well we have to manage our lifestyle during pregnancy
I thoroughly enjoyed the Course. It was engaging and videos were very clear.
Excellent course, loaded with practical information and references to very good resources on each approached topic. The perfect course if you want to learn the basics on preparing for a pregnancy, the changes that occur in women's bodies when pregnant and how women should adapt their lifestyle for a healthy pregnancy and a healthy baby.
Excellent, didactic and very organized course! The contents are exposed very clearly and the videos, tests and materials are very well done. I really enjoyed the quality of the course! Congratulations to all of you!
These type of course is excellent for the learning students and also for those parents who are planning to have a baby.This will help them to know about the health and care during pregnancy.
It was a good learning experience. It helped in understanding different dynamics of growth during the pregnancy and how future generations can be affected because of missing certain elements. We surely need more concrete studies to understand barriers in lack of prenatal care especially in underdeveloped and developing countries to reduce the mortality and complication rates. I found this course super friendly in terms of understanding apart from technical biological perspective. However, Evidence based research findings and reading material made it easier to understand the respective role. This can be a great tool for new mom to be to understand bodily changes and work upon on the needs and requirements. Its like educating yourself about the new journey of motherhood. Thank you.
This course is very well presented, I really enjoyed it. Easy to follow, the lectures are entertaining, short(ish), precise, to the point and easy to follow.  The lecturers are presenting the program in a manner that makes the taught subjects easy to follow and quick to understand. One leaves with a well rounded understanding of the subject. The references provided offer a good base to start exploring the literature further (although at times behind a pay wall, not often only a few, some can be obtained via researchgate for free).Thank you very much for putting so much effort into this online program and for offering this course at such high quality for free.
From this course, I have learned that what nutrients are necessary for healthy pregnancy and adverse outcomes of gestational weight gain during pregnancy.Effects on women’s fertility due to obesity.Fishes are also necessary for pregnancy. Physical activity during pregnancy.Consequences of consuming alcohol and smoking during pregnancy.How folic acids are necessary for controlling neural tube defects.I got a lot of ideas and recommendations for maintaining healthy pregnancy.This course is important for women who are planning to have a child.
Though I am not in the medical field, I found this course very informative and a good basis to build upon.  This confirms (and disproves) a lot of medical advice, including the basics, to know before conception and throughout the whole pregnancy.  I did not find the terminology or presentation difficult at all.  Basic biology studies were all I needed to understand and apply most of the content.  The information provided was useful and practical.  I hope to apply it in my personal life in the coming years.
The course is delivered assuming the students already have a medical/biochemical background and it is a bit tricky for people who don't. But with research online, you can work out the unknown terms and processes described especially in the physiological and metabolic adaptations module. These modules I found to be the hardest and I spent quite some time working out the processes described. But overall, a very good course with lots of essential and very useful information.
I found this course extremely helpful. I was looking for information on the preconception and conception diet and lifestyle for quite some time, but have found only breif recommendations. This course was just what I was looking for as it provided enough of details and recommendation, all served in an easily understandable way. Due to this and also to the practicality of information provided here, I consider this course to be one of the best ones I have taken on Coursera.
This course is really helpful for women who are planning to get pregnant. It tells you what you need to get preparation before conception and what you should avoid during pregnancy. In particularly, you can renew your knowledge that you might have a misunderstanding of it before, such as you need to eat for two when you are pregnant. The course is great and I'd like to recommend it to my friends. Thanks for providing and sharing  valuable knowledge.
It was quite a beneficial course, covering a broad spectrum of issues related to pregnancy nutrition and lifestyle; I really enjoyed it and learnt a lot indeed.  My only negative-ish remark would be, as a person outside the realm of healthcare, I found some content, especially under unit 3, a bit too technical -I had to do a lot of additional google search- and it seemed to me as if they could be understood only by medical staff or biologists.
Hello, I'm a Man. And Pregnancy is something mystery for me. There are a lot of myths and misunderstanding in that area, for example of energy intake, exercises, BMI, epigenomic factors. That was a really interesting and helpful course. Thank you, guys. My Wife was happy when she saw what I did. Hope, there are will be another course, about Pregnancy preparation for Men. It's also discussable area: alcohol, smoking, BMI, sperm, marijuana.
This course provides the fundamental as well as in-depth knowledge about pregnancy at dietary and life style aspects. One could obtain all the necessary and essential points one should be aware of with regards to nutrition and life style choices before and during pregnancy. It could be served as a valuable source to those who is seeking professional prospects in planning pregnancy.
The course was perfectly structured and contained all the information I needed to know about nutrition in pregnancy. I appreciated that they started with more basic information to build up on, and also highlighted some common questions and misconceptions people have. If you are pregnant or planing to have children or a healthcare professional I would highly recommend this course.
Thoughtful, engaging, and informative. You can tell that they took a lot of time crafting this course, with beautiful content + visuals, and full of useful facts, without wasting any time on unnecessary info. This course is useful for anyone looking to become healthier, not just pregnant, and shows how much we can prevent by taking care of ourselves and the women in our lives.
It really had been a great learning experience on Coursera platform for me. It worths the money, time and effort one puts into it. Moreover the teaching methodology, high quality teaching material with recent facts and figures is like a retreat for one's intellect.. Thanks Coursera for providing millions of students across the globe with such an outstanding learning platform!!
A very nice and accessible state of the art on the impact of nutrition and lifestyle during pregnancy. The course looks neat and carefully structures. It is well documented. I belive it is more useful for future mothers than for health practitioners, given that it isn't very detailed on the mechanisms behind these principles. Overall I liked it and I woud recommend it.
course outline was absolutely phenomenal. Although I have already studied about nutrition during pregnancy but in this course specifically I got an in-depth knowledge of physiological and metabolic changes that occur during pregnancy and it helps me understand why certain nutrients are required in such copious amounts during this phase. Thank you !
Beautifully explained short-lectures and an amazingly useful array of references given at the end of each session. Being a practicing obstetrician in the public sector in southern India, this course was an eye-opener in many ways and will definitely go a long way in providing optimal care to pregnant women. Kudos to the course designers.
The course is really helpful for me, though it was quite hard because of my english level. i will totally advice it for my friends and also it is a big contribution to my practice as a Health Coach
I did not have a strong background on the most important recommendations for the health of the pregnant woman, and how to maintain the health of pregnancy from the first day of the last day ... I benefited from the research and studies in this course and expanded my horizons in knowing the nutrition of pregnant women fortunately now i have a great background about this subject and hope there will be more advanced courses and more complex
Very informative and useful not only for health professionals, but also for future mothers and all those interested in nutrition in general (my case). It doesn't stay on the surface, you might need to educate yourself little bit in biochemistry if you have never heard anything about words like hemoglobin, hypoglycemia etc. But that was part of the fun - to actually keep searching and discovering.
Yeah really to complete this   course is so much efficient to me. I'm really happy to done with it. Since I'm a student of Food & Nutrition science it'll help me a lot. Covid 19, & in lockdown when you've nothing to do &  you wanna serach of knowledge in nutrition field, I think ,  this course is for you. I wanna say thank to coursera  to give me the opportunit.
Though some of it is common sense, I never really realized just how much my body's condition prior to conception truly impacted my baby, not just during gestation, but for the rest of their lives. The more you can equip yourself with knowledge prior to pregnancy, the better future you can provide for yourself and your future children.
So glad that i completed this course. It is a knowledge bank and it has enhanced my vision to look at the pregnancy and nutrition. I loved how the delivery of the lecture was so practical and thoughtful. It is purely RESEARCH and EVIDENCE based lecture. I would love to be taught by the professors again in any related or new topics.
I really liked this course, it was a great way to learn about nutrition in pregnancy. I enjoyed watching the videos and the references, I think it's super complete and it's a lot of helpfull information that will help me later on in life. I'm so excited that I enrolled myself in this course and that I could learn so many things.
Great course. I have learnt a lot of interesting things about pregnancy. I still have a lot of materials from the course to read but that gives me the oppotunity to understand better and maybe learn even more about nutrition and lifestyle in pregnancy. Why dont you take this course to, you'll be glad you did...
Powerful dose of knowledge. I knew a lot but after this course I realized many crucial aspects that are really significant when taking care about all elements of nutrition in pregnancy. This course gave me a lot and I would like to recommended it to anyone who wants to widen his knowledge in the area.
An amazing course! Such a wide variety of useful knowledge regarding nutrition and pregnancy. This is good for mothers to be, mothers who are pregnant, or women planning on becoming a mother. This is also good for anyone studying gynecology/obstetrics or even nursing. I recommend it to everyone.
I'm grateful for the given opportunity to be able to learn about lifestyle and nutrition during pregnancy. I'm pregnant right now and it is really important for me to learn evidence-based material about the changes that i'm going through right now. For me the course was really good experience.
It was really helpful. I learned something new and now know more about recommended food intake and optimal lifestyle in pregnancy. There is some differences between course of actions in different countries but main line is straight. I recommend this course to observe and learn. Dr.Smirnov
Im glad that I take this course and this course helps me and my wife to have better understanding on her dietary intakes and on her daily meals consumption. Now im more confident to prepare for our first incoming newborn. Thank you Doctors for the materials provided.
I have learned followings  from these course -What should be the diet in pregnancyWhich nutrients are necessary in majority. How the overall lifestyle of a pregnant woman should be. And much more. I liked the way this course is organised from the start till the end.
I am very delighted to complete the informative and well organized course. I have learned a lot of new things by opting this course and i am very thankful to coursera for providing this course  for free and the organizing committee of this course. Thanks once again.
the course was demanding, but beautiful and captivating. the information submitted has exceeded my expectations. the references in each course led to many hours of new research. I appreciate this course as an exceptional one. Congratulations and thanks
Wonderful course. Helpful to Understood nutritional
requirements for a pre and post-pregnant woman.All explanations delivered by Professor Hildegard Przyrembel are
outstanding. Special thanks to all other course coordinators.
All the material is precise and useful for practical application. Some terms are hard to understand if you're not a professional healthcare provider, but with some dedicationis easy to follow-up on the content of the course.
I really enjoined this course. It was useful to improve my knowledge in this field as a Biologist and a Nutritionist. I appreciate the structure and the information given through the modules. Thank you for the opportunity.
I am a nutritionist myself and I took this course as I have a strong interest in Nutrition in pregnancy and this course really helped me to remember some subjects and learn new things as well. Great work, loved the course!
It was a lovely experience and refresher course. I am a nutritionist and going through this course content helped me to better understand and related some of the theoretical concerns. The course tutors are amazing too.
I loved having participated of this course, i learned a lot of informations about nutricion and lifestyle in pregnancy, some informations i already knew but others don't and i really appreciated these experience
This course offers many beneficial Information for not only who want to become parents but also who want to enrich their professional knowledge about Healthcare. Thank you the whole team for the great course.
A very informative and professionally presented course. I have enjoyed learning about nutrition and lifestyle in pregnancy and feel adequately prepared and thus more relaxed about getting pregnant. Thank you!
The course was very informative.... It has explained clearly how a pregnant woman to follow diet and lifestyle during pregnancy.... The all video s and lectures are beneficial more than getting a certificate
Very much Helpful course. I learned many new things from this course, especially the micro nutrients and nutrients content required in pregnancy.Thank you very much for such a detailed course for pregnancy.
IT IS A GREAT COURSE AS IT PROVIDES THE BEST INFORMATION AVAILABLE ABOUT NUTRITION IN PREGNANCY, BESIDES BEING EASY TO UNDERSTAND. THANKS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO TAKE THE COURSE, IT IS VERY RECOMMENDED.
I'm a GP interacting with pregnant woman on a regular basis. This was a very enlightening refresher course. will highly recommend it to my peers. beautifully presented. N.B very pretty obstetrician!
Excelent course, it really helped me a lot with my nutrition career. I fell much more secure and it has encouraged me to continue studying. I definitely recommend it! Thanks to all of the teachers
That's was very informative course. It covers every aspect of pregnancy like physiology and anatomy of pregnancy. It gives information about nutritional requirements of mother during pregnancy.
Short ,clear ,crisp guidance as to what to eat and what not to , epigenetics was explained and put across simple language ,easy to understand ..thank you for making this learning simple and fun
As a healthcare practitioner working in remote areas where malnutrition is common, this was very useful. It enabled me to confidently give sound advice to pregnant patients to improve outcomes
Very informative. Great for all women who which to become pregnant one day. I believe taking this course before becoming pregnant will be of great advantage for the mother and the child.
BEING A NUTRITION MAJOR STUDENT, THIS COURSE WAS REALLY HELPFUL FOR ADVANCING MY KNOWLEDGE IN NUTRITION IN PREGNANCY. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COURSE TO EVERYONE. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
Great Course to understand the diet plan in pregnancy, protection, correction of principal diseases that could impact the outcome of the baby and understand the role of microbiome
COURSERA is a best site to learn something new and knowledgeable  Nutrition and Lifestyle in Pregnancy provides a huge knowledge to me for my future career. Thank you Coursera.
In general, the course is very explainatory and rich, making the sources of the information available for further information and investigation, which is always an advantage.
I learned a lot about feeding pregnant women, and this course added valuable information about the right sports for pregnant women and the nutrients needed during pregnancy.
Lots of important information packed into bite-size pieces and presented in a way that is also understandable to lay persons. Nicely presented, but not too much information.
The course is a good basic primer for health care professionals needing an introduction on the most important messages to offer women planning and experiencing pregnancy.
What is the mostly interest me is the epigenic modification changing the genotype during the early stage of life, the machanism really opens up my eyes! Thx professor!
I am an ultrasound technician working every day with pregnant women and I found this program quite useful and interesting to reinforce knowledge. Totally recommended.
Incredibly detailed and informative- breaks down many misconceptions as well as introduces new studies and insights to inform a healthy pregnancy. Highly recommended!
I really like all the professors and doctors. There is lot of knowledge and information I have collected. I am sure it is all of help in future. Thanks! Great work.
In nutrient and life style in pregnancy I gained  knowledge  and understand the importance of good nutrients and I know about what are the exercise should be done
I would recommend this course to public health, science and medical school students. I enjoyed the course very much and learned a lot from the material presented.
I'm a nutrition student and this course made me see the area I want to follow, the Portuguese subtitles are great and it wasn't an obstacle to finish the course!
it was wonderful experience to do this course. Last and final quiz was difficult. thanks to your retake method i worked hard and passed it .Thank u coursera :-)
Very interesting and enlightening course. I learned a lot about specific nutrient as well as lifestyle recommendations for pregnancy. Thank you very much!
This course is awesome, helpful and though short, very detailed.Thanks to LMU and Coursera. I can now advance my knowledge to the Early Nutrition academy
Huge thanks for that opportunity to learn from professionals and the best doctors how to understand and help pregnant women during such challenging time.
This course is very good and interesting. I would like to thank Dr Berthold Koletzko and other mentors for the valuable information. Thanks to coursera.
Not good for learners from india. I completed my course i want to make payment for my certificate but  they don’t accept indian learners. Very bad.👎
This course was very helpful to me in learning about mother and infant nutrition. The tests are somewhat difficult and will require some note-taking.
I really enjoyed to learn and discovered new and important information about the proper nutrition and lifestyle during pregnancy.Thank you so much!!!
very detailed and thorough information regarding the pregnancy from pre-pregnancy to postpartum practice , based on scientific researches available.
It is an outstanding course, very professional and complete, but also interesting and dynamic. I got an incredible experience and a huge knowledge.
Was very useful and great time. Easy to listen. Thank you for this course I would definitely use this information in my future work. Best regards.
It was very informative course. I learned about the nutrients and its role during pregnancy. Thankyou instructors to teach such an amazing course.
It was very informative and interesting course, I have learned a lot about the important nutrients, life style and risk factors during pregnancy.
It is relly easy to understand and practical. I am pregnant now and I learned a lot from this course. It is really easy to follow and understand
It is my wonderful experience to obtain knowledge about the facts related to pregnancy it would seems to be helpful in my practicing experience
I relly liked the content of the course. Very current data, good explanations and the available material are very helpful. thank you very much.
Great pleasure to take take part in the course. I have learnt a lot. A lot of literature review, great amount of knowledge. Highly recommend!
hi , delighted to share this course as inspiring and walking aside with my scientific concerns, really very a course at the height thank you
Excellent course. The teachings and explanations were easy to understand and very detailed. I look forward to taking more courses from LMU.
Excellent course with both strong scientific information as well as everyday practical applications for those counseling pregnant women.
Very practicle advices evidence-based, it was easy to understand and to comprehend hot to communicate this information with patients
I found it to be pretty good for being free. I learned some things I did not learn in my health coaching certification. Thank you!!
Being a physical therapist  this course has helped me to have a better understanding of nutrition and lifestyle during pregnancy.
Very well explained, if you are planning to get pregnant and need to know everythign about it, go ahead and complete this course.
Very nice course they had took alot of hardwork also there were different kind of big dietitian, professor,who gave there advice
An amazing course that helped a lot to understand how to deal and to take care of my health and nutrition during my pregnancy.
It was an amazing course with a lot of in-depth knowledge. Glad to be a part of it. Looking forward to learn more. Thank you!
This course has been wonderful. I have learned so much and faculty is phenomenal.Thank you to the whole team of this course.
perfect course for obstetrics who want to enrol nutrition in their practice ...refrances are great ...I really enjoyed it !
Opened a new gamut of learning for me. Very good course. Highly recommended for all people who are interested in nutrition
very informative and engaging. Clear instruction. Tests adequately ensured retention of material. Just challenging enough.
I'm so grateful for this course !! Its very sophisticated and excellent for develop the previous knowledge !! THANKS !!!
Fantastic course, deserves the highest 5stars evaluation. I m grateful for all this updated deep knowledge on the field
Excellent course for students in the healthcare area that want to reinforce knowledge on pre-conception and pregnancy.
Amazing course to learn about supplements, and nutrition requirements during this critical period.Thank you so much!
Very important and relevant information for pregnant woman regarding the nutrition and health aspects of pregnancy.
Really useful class on what foods to consume / avoid; I'd love to see more pregnancy-related courses being offered!
I am a nutritionist and the course was excellent for updating my knowledge in the area of maternal and child care.
It is a very good course. I like the content of this course and it will definitely help me for my future startup.
It was very useful learning experience for me and the material supplies were very helpful in learning the course.
This was my first course on coursera and it was easy to understand and I can honestly recommendd this to anyone.
Very nice and interesting course. Widely backed up with up to date information and studies. Really recommended!
Very complete and complex course. Especially nutrition part was covered in very detailed way. Very recommended.
The course was understandable, very interesting, light, thanks to all crew for sharing knowledge.........Luvia.
Important, evidence-based information explained in a simple way that makes it easy to understand and remember.
Very useful course to learn pregnancy disease , nutrition intake , child development, and interesting course.
Its a bit hard to follow if you are not a health related professional, but its really useful and interesting!
I loved it! Very informative that is backed up with recent studies and essential information about pregnancy.
Thank you very much for such an amazing course. I have learnt a lot and all the information was very clear
I enjoyed the information that the instructors gave and thought the material was clear and well presented.
This course is great, I learned many things that I did not know and it helped me in my professional life.
Very helpful!, a concentration of data all we should know to prevent a lot of mothers and babies´problems
Very great course and helps many people to gain more correct information about nutrition during pregnancy
It was an amazing course. Some info are must know for pregnant/ would be pregnant mom and her partner :)
I am loving all the course! The quality is excellent and the information is so updated. Congratulations!
i really enjoyed taking this course,because it has enhanced my knowledge of maternal as i am a midwife.
It would be helping me to understand more if the answer  could be shown after submission of the quizes.
Great course for health care providers, and more importantly for women and families planning pregnancy!
So helpful and get more experience from this as a nutritionistInshallah it will help me more in future.
Thank you for the course, there are a lot of useful and accessible  recomendations and materials in it.
I really enjoyed the course, very practical and pointed what you really need to know about this field.
Interesting material, and I enjoyed learning all of it. This pertains to my line of work. Thank you!
I discovered a lot important things that I will do when I came pregnant! I'm very grateful for that!
I am in the health and food industry and find this course very informative and engaging. Well done!
The course is very much informative which is beneficial for health experts. Must Go for this course
I work with maternal and child health and I got alot of new information.....really well structured
Really great course! Lots of valuable information and scientific studies. It really helped me out!
The course is very informative and useful. The sections are logic, easy to follow and understand!
It is a good course, I recomend it to all health profesionals who wants to enhace theirs skills.
Very informative. Learned additional technical information I can benefit from in my profession.
I was impressed of how well this course is. Really good information! Learned and enjoyed a lot.
It was an excellent course. Thanks to LMU for providing such a great opportunity for learning!
Loved the course. Helped me learn facts from both an obstetrics and pediatrics point of view.
very informative!  thank you! mind you that a lot of times there werent subtitles in english.
perfect course for diet practitioner for a recommended dietary patterns for pregnant ladies.
A very interesting course that helps me enhancing my interest in nutrition during pregnancy
Unfortunately I got a opportunity to understand that risk factories and obesity, nutrients.
As a prenatal dietitian, I would like to study in the future more case studies. Thank you!
Great knowledge and information , doctors are very kindly and they make it easy to learn.
Enjoyed learning. Very informative and well explained as well as illustrated. Thank you
wonderful course with latest readings and practical knowledge to follow and disseminate
This session was a very clear explanation. I can easily learnt about all the materials.
Really had a good experience and learned about so many things to deal with pregnancy
It was an amazing course, all the basic or high-level information is presented here.
I knew many important things bout nutrition, childern and health. It was very useful
Great information, the videos were not too short or too long. Good reading sources
This courses was exceptional with very interesting reading and learning materials
Great course! Learned a lot, and had plenty of information from multiple sources.
Really thankful to Coursera for adding such online courses for no cost☺️☺️☺️☺️.
Exceptional work! Very important information given through a very pleasant way!
Very interesting course, I recommend it to everyone who plans to have children.
It is a very useful course. I have learned a lot from this. Thank you so much.
Such deep explanations about micronutrients, gestational diabetes in pregnancy
the course is  wonderful, full practical, useful, and interesting information.
One of the best nutrition related courses I've done here. More than excellent!
Awesome Graphics and Teaching! one of the best courses i have done so far !!!
This course helped me to understand overall nutrition needs during pregnancy.
great course and material I hadn't thought about in years.    thanks so much!
As I am now pregant, the course was very valuable for my and my son's health.
this is an excellent and complete course. I enjoy the videos and information
this course has really help me a lot and thanks to the lecturer for his time
its very informative and very well planned and explained, i learned a lot.
A very great learning experience for me as an under graduate in dietetics.
excellent experience to be a part of this course. will be helpfull for me
Excellent course. Thank you. A very educative topic. I really enjoyed it.
So much beneficial. As i am a dietetion so it clears many of my queries.
Had a great time with this course and thank you teacher for teaching us!
Refreshed and re-learned a lot of the basics for nutrition in pregnancy.
Informative, well presented helpful materials and challenging good quiz.
good videos and material! learn alot in this course! Thanks u very much
IT WAS VERY USEFUL AND INFORMATIVE LECTURES WAS SO GOOD AND INTERESTING
Very helpful.have known about basic and complex situation in pregnancy
well presented with very explicit empiric evidences, videos and charts
A lot of useful information about healthy life style during pregnancy.
This course has been very helpful and I cannot keep it to myself alone
The course was very helpful. i was able to gain additional knowledge.
Thank you very much for a very interesting and educational lecturing.
Good information and knwoledge. I'm really gratefull for this course
Very informative and i did learnt a lot  from this course. Thank you
This course is very helpful in understanding nutrition in pregnancy.
Excellent informative course for not only mathers but all parents!!!
Great information that I can apply to my work and teach my students
This course covers a lot in simple and easy to understand language.
awesome course ... classes well taught n all information given...
The course is very informative i recommend every one to enroll
I have gained additional information on nutrition in pregnancy
Learned everything I need. Thanks for sharing the information.
really good and informative and practical info to use at work
very useful information and it was so to the point. i love it
I REALLY WANT MY CERTIFICATE... NOT FAIR I HAVE TO PAY FOR IT
Really helpfull for beginners who are not in science stream.
Excellent course offered by LMU, thanks to Berthold Koletzko
I REALLY ENJOYED IT, recommended to a friend. thanks a lot!
Excellent course 👍 very informative .. highly recommended!
I learnt the latest aspect of nutritional value variations
Really easy to follow but full of educational information.
I love this course so much and I learned a lot! Thank you!
Very informative and full of useful contexts and advices.
Very straightforward on important topics. Thank you Drs !
it was really helpful as I didn't knew about many things
very interesting course, lots of examples and experience
I really enjoyed the course, I would like to know more!
I was very useful because my wife is pregnant. Thanks!
Very interesting and informative! Thank you very muvh.
A beautiful way to tell about nutrition and pregnancy.
I love it!!! Thank you so much for sharing knowlege!!
Great course with so many details and common queries.
Very informative course. In fact an excellent course.
This course is great. I definitely share this friends
wonderful and excellent course. I strongly recommend
great course...with lots of useful and clear data...
It is an awesome course, i learnt alot, thanks alot
I am a midwife and found this information helpful.
Good healthy benefits ... with proper explanasions
Amazing course very much helpful thank you so much
good experience and proffers were so knowledgeble
Very interesting class ! I learnt a lot of things
highly useful and practical, easy to understand.
Very Useful course! Even for me, a Pediatrician.
Very good for physician's and medical students!
Superb one..one diet chart will add more value.
It is very important course for me I love it❤🤗
it was very useful for my under graduate course
Well explained courses with practical examples!
Very informational course. Thank you very much.
very interesting and well done and explicated.
Very helpful knowledge for expecting mothers.
such a fantastic way  teaching  mind blowing.
this is really a very good course. thank you
I enjoy this course and best experience Also
The course is good to learn about pregnancy.
So knowledgeable and informative, thankyou!
It was a pleasure to learn here. Thank you!
Very interesting and informative course.
Short, Smart and very informative course
Very intersting and kwnolegeable course
The best instructor and I learnt a lot.
I learn many new things in this Course.
Rich information, thank you very much.
Amazing and also enjoyed gain interest
Still u didn't received my certificate
Thank you for this course! It's great!
great course, compact and informative!
that was a benifit course and amazing
great course, very interesting topic.
Amaaaaaazing course I really loved it
It was very informative. Thank you !
A very good and informative course.
Great course! Worth accomplishing!
Very useful . highly recommended!
Great and very informative course
very helpful courses, Thank you.
Very practical and useful topics
The course was very informative
great coursei enjoyed learning
Very interesting and well made
Thanks for educational course.
VERY nice and thorough course
the course was really helpful
Very well course. Fulfilled.
It was a very useful  course
course is really informative
Very good course Four stars
this course is very useful.
I REALLY LIKE IT. THANKS :)
Great Course. I love It!!
I learn a lot! thank you!
Succinct and informative
Loved it, very usefull!
Good and useful session
informative and factful
very helpful material
Very Well explain!
Interesting !
Lovely course
Good contents
