The course was actually fairly good and educational. However, the final assignment requires you to present your presentation to the class...of 20,000+ people. In this age of cybersecurity issues and facial recognition software, I am here to learn and demonstrate that learning, but anonymity is paramount. I don't need my face posted all over the web. I keep my social media settings private for a reason. I suggest this course learn to do the same.
Yeah, Interesting concepts applicable for presentations however my main concerns are with cybersecurity. I do not want my face to be recognized all over the internet, hacked or copied. I am afraid of such issues. I have not been able to finish the course because I knew what the peer-graded review was all about. And the learners and grading each other really good marks sharing their links to each other while others have been waiting for days. The course has to consider these crimes of information hacking and the like, I think the course is quite outdated in terms of that because you cannot choose to make a video where you don't have to present yourself and be effective. I thought the course was about online learning and communication but this was not the case given that the title itself suggests "Virtual Age." Surely they should have changed considered issues such as these from their activities and peer-graded assignments. These are the kind of peer-graded assignments I would not approve of. There aren't even alternatives to finish the course. No thanks, I'll just try to get the content but that's it. I don't mind not earning the certificate as long as I don't put my online information out in the open.
The assignment was very tough
The communication strategies taught in this course were too practical and superficial for my taste. The course features a lot of very basic instructions on how to communicate. While receiving and practicing with a toolbox is certainly always an element in a good course on communication, in my view, I expect a lot more when it comes to communication. First, what I missed in the course was the role of genuineness and authenticity in communication and how to ensure this in a virtual age. The impression I received of the instructor was that he was at all times very aware of the way he presented and my impression was that that focus was stronger than establishing a connection to the viewers of the video. I would like to see a little more courage to imperfection, for instance. Second, communication to me is about internalising a certain attitude. As an example, Rosenberg's non-violent communication is based on four steps. However, I will only successfully apply this concept, if I internalise the philosophy and attitude behind the concept and if I can identify with it. Having taken this course, I cannot tell what approach/ attitude/ philosophy is behind it or whether there's a common thread at all.
Much of the course content videos contradicted the Traps of Communication the instructor himself pointed to. Most videos were unnecessarily long and provided little more context than could be summarized in a sentence. Thankfully, the instructor often ended videos with a summary. Thee course content included communication "strategies" GOS, KNOW Rule, Area 47 .... that were ultimately concepts of which most people are already aware, but rebranded for this course. I felt like I was spending more time feeling confused about what the names of the strategy were, rather than how to use them. The instructor tried to use examples in his videos, but would explain them "Say you were doing X, and your boss wanted Y....." This format could have been improved by simply having two different people or slides SHOWING the concept in action (roleplaying/acting), rather than describing.  I also really disliked the cliche music in the introductory video to the course which overshadowed the presenter's own voice. All in all, the course was satisfactory for providing food for thought regarding communication styles and motivations, but it was not the highest quality course I've seen on Coursera or elsewhere. I expected more from the UofT School of Continuing Studies.
There were no instructions or links to find out how to do slideshare deck or how to do a youtube video. The course instructor did not provide this thus making it very difficult for older folks like me to manage learning that technology to complete week 4 of the course.  I did not complete it. withdrew out of protest as I am deeply disappointed that even basic instructions or links were not provided. Pity. Good content but I felt the instructor did a poor job communicating this.
This course is really interesting, and it has a lot of good matters about communication. However, I think it should have other ways to evaluate the students in the final task. Not everybody feel confortable about recording a video and it doesn't mean they didn't learn great things and deserve the certified. Other thing to be considered is the time we have to accomplish it. I think one of the reasons people choose an online course is because it should be more flexible and they can manage time, so this course should allow the students to accomplish it in their own time, and it doesn't happen.
The valuable elements of the course are the "tips" to incorporate while doing live presentations (or video) and PowerPoint presentations. More than offering some of the content as an "advice" the facilitator stated the content as a "must". Based on this course many TED Talks would be rated as ineffective which couldn't be farther from reality. Not all presentation approaches work for all situations and topics, he should know that. I definitely felt so uninspired and discouraged to do my final assignment.One thing I definitely disliked and considered unethical is part of the content of Module 3, when dealing with the "Supportive" type person, which searches for the group approval. He stated that we have to approach the person by saying "everybody things X or Y about you" or "everybody told me to talk to you", literally he is asking the students to LIE, this represents a high level of hypocrisy and it a terrible part of any corporate culture. He even justified himself by saying something like it's just a matter of being "strategic" to obtain what we need, and that it's the reality we deal with nowadays. Really?! Basically, he told the audience that the ends justify the means.I learned some useful tips but definitely I expected more of the course. As a suggestion, more than preparing a video (ok, maybe in addition to that) students can be presented with a complex problem and be required to write a strategy to solve the situation.Thank you
The actual theories, videos, and instructor were great! This is exactly what I was expecting. However, I was disappointed with the final assignment submission which is basically a bribing competition among learners to get your assignment graded in order to complete the course. If no one reviews your assignment, than you are not able to complete the course even though you submitted on time. This piece should be graded by the instructor, not the learners.
This course was good as an arena to practice your digital presentation skills. There wasn't anything particularly new discussed, but it's good to think about techniques that you may use every day,  in a practical, objective way to understand why they are or are not effective.
I need to drop this class. Please advise
The videos are awesome, but the MOOC itself has not been audited very well by the course admin staff.  There are lots of grammatical errors detracting focus from the message.  As well, many reference links for reading material are broken / lead to wrong info.  The material itself is very well prepared, but it seems like the MOOC itself is "fire and forget."  There is definitely worthy material, but be advised if you have high expectations from the University of Toronto MOOC...
Started out in a great way but then became more of a "how to deliver a presentation" course that I found to be a bit too detailed.
I felt it was more about sales techniques than communicating, though there were some interesting points.
I think there are some interesting topics, but I didn't love the course.
Little beat boring but enjoy the assessment at the end of module 1.
Good number of strategies come from this course
Before reviewing content, I'd like to point out a huge issue I faced on the platform - peer review based assessments would not be a bad idea if learners were not complete random. Unfortunately, I have to resubmit my assessment (in this and other courses) multiple times due to some individuals not taking it seriously and with respect to other peers and just clicking all 0 points without even opening a file submitted. This is a major factor making the whole platform incredible and learning experience extremely frustrating. CONTENT: The content was actually good and useful. Although it might seem at first that we already know it, but most of the times us and our colleagues aren't aware of such delicate details. I'm personally very passionate about communications, social behaviours and people motivation in both professional and personal life, so it was a pleasure to hear more about it in a structure ways. Videos aren't too long and time used very efficiently, with great real life/ work examples and explain in easy to digest ways even for someone with a little experience in presentations and business communications. I agree with other reviews noting the security and privacy aspect of sharing your face recorded with anonymous "peers".
It's a great course, but Peer Review here is something awful - the evaluating people might get the course topics and ideas totally wrong and they would rate you based on their vision.IMO, that system works well with technical tasks, but not soft skill evaluation.As for the course itself - it coves a lot of aspects with really little time needed, including some public speaking basics and presentations. The course professor Ivan is just the best one ;)
Interesting course for basic . Easy to follow and to complete. unfortunately few external links didnt' work well.
It was a great course and I enjoyed it. Here are a two suggestions for improvement. First, the final assignment should be designed as a webinar or online meeting because most virtual communications are in this format. Most people don't stand and present with 'belly button rule' when they are communicating online. They are on their desk and sharing screens. Second, there should be less video footage of the speaker and more practice assignments for each module instead of simple MCQ quizzes.
too long and the peer is very hard , i don't know why would i have to make such peer in order to get my certificate , however i finished the course , i will not mke the peer . Certificate can remain .. :)
Felt like we were largely just learning strategies to manipulate people into doing what we want.
I enjoyed Ivan's course very much as it showed me once again where my weaknesses are in public speaking and presenting myself. I am glad that I got a heads up and know the tools how to get better. I absolutely loved the lessons about the 3 communication traps (guilty!), better meetings and how to ask. I will immediately make good use of the information learned in my professional life.
This course was quite enjoyable and included a lot of psychology and marketing tactics that could be used successfully when communicating virtually. Howevver, in general, there could have been greater emphasis on virtual communications, as many of the tactics could also be used in Face to Face communication. Definitely well timed for the Coronavirus lockdown though.
I really enjoyed Ivan's presentation style and ability to break down complex concepts into interesting readings and videos. I would highly recommend this course to any professional working in a virtual environment. I had a couple of minor issues with outdated links or those requiring a subscription to read now and I hope these issues are corrected.
The course really helped me to learn lot about the " presenting yourself " and achieve your goals and influence people. The course videos are really professional shot and the highlights such as important points,tips are nicely depicted. The professor is very convincing and he has a charm of teaching. Really liked every part of it.
i'd like to thank Prof. Ivan. This course, Communication Strategies for a Virtual Age, has truly brought new knowledge in the world of communication. Hoping to apply everything I learned from it in my daily work and life. Kudos!
It was a very fascinating experience to know about how to make presentations, and how best we can manage with our colleagues in our work place . Communication skills using psychology really helps us to make our job easy.
It was great doing this course and I really like the way presenter presents his ideas. Not for a single time I felt bored during Sir. Ivan's videos. Well executed.Thanks coursera for putting up such courses like this.
A very good skill to add for upcoming professional and even for those with experience. Virtual communication has become inevitable, it's not future, it's already here. So anybody wanting an edge should do this course.
This is a good course as it helps me to communicate well in my work as well as the learning of the presentation. It helps me to complete this course at my own pace and finally completed it. Thank you!
The concepts and techniques discussed by the professor were very interesting and helpful. Moreover, the practical assignment at the end of this course made the learning more fruitful.
It was very well explained, presented. A great work done by Ivan. The way he used smile, aha moment,  topics presented into small videos , explaining each topic/goal was excellent.
Overall, very helpful and useful - contains many useful concepts like the three traps, Area 47, GOS. I think it would also be useful if it contained an overview of orator skills.
It’s an amazing course to do. One can learn how to communicate in virtual age and how to implement in your practicle life from this course.I recommend everyone to do this course.
In my opinion that more quizez and other forms of checking the assimilation and memorizing of the course materials should be implemented. The tutor was excellent, by the way.
I enjoyed learning here. The instructor is a wonderful teacher. The course is bulky, I have to learn a lot of things within a small period of time but it was worth it.
Interesting course with useful, straight to the point techniques, tactics and strategies that come in handy especially in this era of isolation and working from home.
As with everything, what you put in is what you get out. Some good ideas and tips in this course, which I have already implemented with good effect. Recommended.
This course taught me how to do virtual communication in simple & easy way with new concepts damm intresting & i can use them in future. Thanks to Coursera
Great course! I learned a lot. The only thing I would like, is more recab-sessions and maybe that the topics were a little bit more connected to eachother.
Assignment ratings are very subjective. Like other courses on Coursera, in this course too, the peer reviews should have been among at-least three members
Basic IDEA, how to get involved with others in communication effectively. Some Do and Don't. And a new way of creating presentation 'Pecha Kucha'.
Good compilation, good learning resources and neatly presented. The only place it felt off were the few where slight manipulation seemed implied.
Very insightful course. Sharing not just tips but tools for enhancing communication skills to meet the requirements of the digital age.
It was a effective and to-the -point course. The resources helped me to grasp the idea properly and i had a great learning experience
Learnt to make conversation better nd in our student life lazy rule,penchants Kuching format of slides will help us a lot in future
Instructor has designed this course really well and is able to engage eyes through the course. Learned a lot through this course.
An interesting way to learn the techniques of communication. Great mentor with entertaining subject matters.
A very enlightening and informative course. Gave me insight into how best to communicate in the virtual age.
Excellent content. And loved the exam type : uploading the video and presentation ppt for certification.
A lively speaker.  However, I do not want to complete the assessment and the rest of the course.
Clear method, practical. Would love to have a list of resources so I can practise & read more.
Great course to learn rubrics of communication strategies, especially if you are from sales.
The course presented useful tools to use when you are communicating in person and remotely.
It was interesting and I learned a bit but feel there was not enough material learned.
A must do course. It has all the elements that  corporate professionals should know.
excellent communicator. Thank you for the insights and tips Ivan, solid course!
Insightful indeed! Ivan has done a brilliant job! Kudos. More power to you Ivan
Very nice course, helps in communicating with anyone, not just virtual team
I like it but I also notice that this course was a little bit longer
interesting concepts. having issues for the last assignment.
It is a wonderful course which provide valuable information
The instructor is clear in explaining the course details.
It was nice, i liked the speaker, but nothing new.
It was very good experience to learn from coursera
Very insightful, interesting and with great tips
very helpful for communication
It's good for better knowledge
very well designed course!
i recomend more homework
I enjoyed it very much.
It's very interesting
I've learned some great presentation tips from this course, it allowed me to step out of me comfort zone and I had fun doing it!
Ivan is a fantastic presenter. I never felt overwhelmed by the content or that I couldn't follow along. I see a tremendous value in the easy to digest modules in this course. Thank you so much!
This is truly an exceptional communication course. The instructor is the one of the best instructors I've ever seen. His teaching style and his engagement level is brilliant. The course videos are really helpful.
This was an excellent course. Ivan Wanis Ruiz was amazing, great instructor. I really enjoyed and learnt a lot from module 4. Learning about Area 47, the Lazy Rule and the Belly Button Rule were all new and are the highlights that I will be walking away with. I am quite confident that I will drastically improve in my presentations.
Communication Strategies transformation is going to be the backbone of all organizations and the pandemic has simply accelerated this shift. This is a MUST course for everyone. 5Star's for this... :)
It's a pity there is no initial task similar to the final assignment, so you can feel the difference of what you've learnt from the course. This set of lectures would be really helpful for either managers and their subordinates to communicate effectively, to reach the goals that depend on others, and to get pleasure from the communication. I'm happy I could learn a lot and I'm glad to apply it in practice -- it works!
Sir does a wonderful explaining the topic and imparting his knowledge in this beautifully made course, this has tremendously helped me improve my presentations and communication. Thank you Ivan sir.
Well outlined and delivered. I would highly recommend it to anyone who runs a team or online training. It also helped me improve my presentation skills.
The title of this course is not so catchy *my first impression was that this will be about using Slack/MS-Teams/Discord...*; but fortunately after reading the syllabus I've gave it a shot - and WOW! it is so good, that I'd make it mandatory for literally everybody who 'Talks to other people' - yes, you are reading it right. What is mentioned here applies to all types of communication forms: including offline-person2person & virtual-presentations/meetings/... as well.10/10 Quality Course!
One of the best courses I have taken online particularly because of the skills of the instructor.  However at times, the structure and content are not in harmony with the title of the course.  For example, the title suggest online (virtual) communication, but the last section focuses on traditional presentation.  An excellent course nevertheless.
Lovely!! The speaking pace, the dynamics of the topics and the importance of topics have really left a mark in me. When I alternated to a different course and the material was way more dense, it was hard for me to keep the pace, as I´m already used to the rhythm of this course and its lessons.
The course is precise and to the point. Ivan is a great instructor, whose style of teaching in this course may even positively influence your own dialogue delivery. By the end of this course, you will have the tools/weapons to master communication both virtually and in reality.
Fantastic & terrific course. I very much enjoyed this course.I highly
recommend this course. The time spent in this course will be worth your
investment. Happy
learning!Thank you and respect to instructor Ivan for
creating such a wonderful course.
I love this course. It's broken down to simple bits which makes it easy to understand. I didn't like the polls that pop up in the videos but that's just a small thing compared to the value I received.
The course was really helpful to strengthen communications skills and I got a chance to learn many new aspects. Thanks a lot for making this course available. I really enjoyed learning something new.
The Journey was amazing i was never thought about that things that i have learned would beneficial. i truly must say if anyone wants to learn something must start with this.
This is the best presentation course I took, and it provides a comprehensive set of useful tips how to doing Ace in presentation at a business setting. Love it!
An interesting and fun ride to the road of effective communication...…..all cheers !
If you're interesting in learning to communicate well virtually and in person, this course is a must-do. Ivan, who teaches the course, makes sure that the lessons are never dull. There are live examples. There are visual cues and little quizzes (easy to do) to help recall. The lessons teach us stuff that one can start using right away - they're critical to being a successful communicator. They cover different aspects (meetings, presentations, understanding motivations, communication styles and many more topics) and interesting, highly effective strategies for all of these. I love how Ivan would constantly address issues both in the real world and the virtual world and teach strategies that work for each of these settings. The assignments are well-designed, especially the final assignment which really challenged me and made me look back at and apply everything I'd learnt over the past few weeks. Thank you, Ivan, for a phenomenal learning experience!
This was an a very useful introductory lesson for learners working in business or educational field about developing core communicational skills in any professional environment.New basic strategies for communication were taught including necessary techniques for attracting audience's attention and curiosity as well as effective methods for organising groupwork and enhancing team members' interaction. The course was delivered in a dynamic and challenging way by an experienced and highly skilfull professor.The communication with professor for solving issues during the course was prompt and helpful while the professor was very suppotive.I would strongly recommend this lesson to anyone desiring to acquire fundamental communication skills in person and virtually in any scientific field!
This is one of the best courses I have had on Coursera. I learnt a lot  of communication and presentation skills. If you take this course, you would learn how to deliver mind blowing presentations, how to have effective meetings without time wasting, the best ways to have difficult conversations with different categories of colleagues and a whole lot of other communication strategies. Trust me, it works because I have tried it. The additional materials were also very enlightening. The course requires learners to upload a youtube video of self. You can check out mine on my youtube channel. The video is titled 'Stop procrastinating, just do it now!'
This online course has been helpful to me because I’m fresh graduate and licensed teacher. I’ve been thankful for this, it widen my knowledge. I hope University of Toronto will grant my hope to be one of them because, i’ve been dreaming of working abroad. Anyway, thank you so much especially Mr. Ivan who discussed, explained the topics, i’ve learned so much sir. I hope we get to meet soon to say Thank you to you personally. This online course, this is my new another success in life Thank you for granting it, I hope I can Go there at Canada, soon. Continue to help, expand knowledge University of Toronto. Thank you so much & God bless.
This was my second Coursera course and was signficantly more enjoyable than the first.  The initial course I took contained good information but this course lecturer practices what he preaches.  These presentations/lectures were engaging and full of valuable insights on how to make better virtual presentations that are memorable and how to present them so your listeners will remember the information (at least your main point!).  I highly recommend this course for anyone that wants to gain a better understanding of the psychology behind better presentations and tips to improve your presenting skills.
The structure of the course helps very well to understand and practice the tools for efficient communication. The examples are mainly from USA business/ public spheres — for me an additional bonus of immersing into a new environment. A final task enforced me to leave a comfort zone, however, the feelings of self-growth and good-job-made were worth it. Ivan is a very charismatic speaker — it was exciting to listen to all the lectures. I don’t agree with some of his statements, but I think it’s okay and encourages thinking. Thank you for this course!
It's a well-informative course for starters! I can clearly understand from the instructor, and it has taught me so many things about communication that can be applied to the real world. However, I seem to notice a lot of typos here and there which can be improved for a better overview. Additionally, I was kind of confused by the Peer-Review Assignment since many weren't following the instructions which made me have to report them multiple times. Overall, it's a good course but there's always room for improvement.
This course is highly recommended. The content is very helpful which I can apply in my real life. The instructor taught professionally and could drag my attention with his speaking. Moreover, there is a Test per Week and a final assignment that I need to record my VDO and did slide for my virtual presentation. I'd love it so much because It's fun and I also could try applying all of the strategies with it then we could share and review with many learners from around the world.
This was a great class. So many great tips and learnings. I particularly liked the tips on creating inclusive and compelling virtual meetings with remote teams. I loved the bowtie methodology for communication along with the myth-busting around beliefs about in-person and virtual meetings. I loved the part about catering your communication to what the person/people you are communicating to need versus what you personally need.  I loved the pop quizzes throughout the course.
This was the perfect course to attend during this challenging time.  I felt it spot on with my everyday life and communication.  The instructor Ivan is a natural and excellent presenter.  I thoroughly enjoyed each topic and the suggested tools to tackle them.  The resources and links offered are also incredibly helpful for future reference.  I would talk about the course with friends and family who are also interested.  So glad I stumbled upon this on LinkedIn!
Ivan is an amazing instructor who makes learning easy and engaging! In a few months I will need to engage a group of students online and I cannot wait to utilize some of the things I have learned from this course! It was well worth my time and I think this course is great for almost everyone. It is one that can help you virtually and in-person with co-workers or friends. I highly recommend and wish this course was even longer than the few weeks.
Engaging, enlightening and, most importantly, highly applicable. The pandemic has created the need for excessive virtual communication and this course provides everything you need to survive and excel in virtual as long as face to face communication. The knowledge offered can be applied to every-day, academic and professional situations. Amazing professor, short-length videos and perfectly suited tests/ assessments. Cannot recommend it enough!
Awesome course. A lot of practical tips, materials and resources. I'd say, it's a great started because after it, you can start your adventure with better and more effective communication both face-to-face and virtual. I'd happy to come back to the materials and review them again e.g. the books they talked about and additional links. The presenter/host is really great at what he does, he does it naturally and is easy to understand.
This course was excellent from beginning to end! Ivan presented the material in an engaging way and the topics covered are things I often overlook but will definitely give more attention going forward. I was apprehensive about recording myself and sharing it with the class but it turned out to be an eye-opening experience. I recommend this course to anyone interested in developing more effective and efficient communication.
The course effectively tackles issues of professional communication in the workplace as well as that of meetings and presentations. The pertinence of the methods explained and the clarity with which they are explained make it all very easy to understand and follow. The videos and materials were very well designed, very pertinent and trending, which makes the course fun to go through. Thank you very much.
I totally recommend this course, the tittle doesn't do justice to its content, it is helpful for lots of things: learning how to communicate both in virtual and real world, how to identify peoples motivation by knowing their communication styles, how to make a good presentation by asking the correct questions and giving the exact message and image you want to people. I learned a whole lot!
Practical and Useful CourseWhether you are a student aiming to give a good presentation, a manager struggling to get undivided attention or just a person wanting to communicate better, this course is a must-take. I have learned so much from understanding people to becoming a more impactful storyteller throughout the course. Thank you for a thorough course Professor Ivan Wanis Ruiz!
This class was outstanding! Professional and aspiring speakers would greatly benefit from this class There is so much I will be using to launch my team building business. Presentations was an important component in my marketing plan. This class was my favorite so far with Coursera. I have so many take aways that I could use for my own professional development and with clients.
I found this course to be very very interesting and useful, for both face2face and virtual communication. I have learned a lot and evolved a lot from the beginning til the end of the course. Ivan is a great presenter, has a lot of charisma and really emphasizes all the aspect that you need to know, to learn in this course. I will definitely recommend this course to my peers.
This program has helped me in getting those 2 min strategies to communicate effectively at workplace and even with people where you have little hope to get work done. The Instructor was very clear and precise. Effective course materials that helped me to stay focused and get the right amount of information each time. Thanks to the Coursera team and the University of Toronto!
Ivan is a skilled instructor and kept me engaged throughout the entire course!  I've taken quite a few courses already and I have to say that his course is truly exceptional because of his delivery, his humour and his presentation!  I was sad to have finished the course as I wanted to learn more from him.  Please have him instruct more Coursera courses!  Thank you, Ivan!!
Getting acknowledgement through your effective communication skill always benefical to you and your career in one's work sourrounding. and that exactly wat i taught in this course.Learnt various ways to deal with different people without discouraging their own opinion.and the way Ivan explain whole theory concept it made me active and energetic in  overall session.
Perfect for internal communication in this new technological era. This course is great in teaching different speech strategies with coworkers in real-time or in virtual platforms like emails to facecam. I really recommend it to help with your speech if you feel you have problems communicating with people for a job or project in an office or in virtual chat!
This course taught me how to speak in a group, how to handle meetings, how to handle people with different mentalities. Each lesson from Prof. Evan was a surprising pack for me. I thank University of Toronto and Coursera for placing this course as free in this Covid 19 period. The talks by Prof. Evan become guide rules for my future online teaching.
I really liked this course, I just wish I had more time to spare to review the course material more in depth but due to my job I can't at the moment. However I learned many different strategies that I can apply when it comes to public speaking, which are especially beneficial to me as I'm a shy person who struggle to make a point sometimes. Thanks.
This is one of the most helpful course I've done till date! Ivan is a mind blowing teacher. His teaching skills are top notch! I recommend everyone to check out this amazing course. The only thing I felt bad is that the assignment review could have been done by the tutor instead of peers, so that the grading could have been much effective.
This course is absolutely amazing!!! I've never had such a wonderful teacher in the online courses I've experienced. I can't put it in words how awesome he is in teaching and how much you can learn from this course. I learned many many useful and great tips, tools, and knowledge in this course. Thank you soooooo much Mr. Ivan Wanis Ruiz.
Great course and absolutely relevant in today's context where most people are working from home. The concepts and presentation were great, the tutor had a very good command over language and content, his examples were apt and useful and one could relate to those despite being in different geography with a different cultural background.
I really enjoyed this online class and found it very useful, especially for our current scenario.   The teacher gave easy to use tools, was very clear, and used very good examples.  He also gave good references which I will probably purchase a few to add more know-how to the new skills I have gained.  I highly recommend this class.
This course taught me so many new skills.  I learned to identify and communicate with different communication styles, create a simple and engaging presentation and present in a way that keeps the audience curious and also emphasizes key points.  I really liked how Ivan taught the course and used real life examples for every topic.
excellent course with lots of  reaal time practices. I recommend it to every one who is facing problems in handling virtual teams and Meetings. All the contents are very much Interesting along with supportive Material.Thank you so much Coursera for providing such a Crucial Course to me.This course alos has a free certification.
The professor makes high-quality videos that feel like you're in an in-person lecture. He shows a lot of passion towards the topic of the course. There are good quizzes that test your knowledge and there is one presentation. The strategies and skills that I learned in this short class will be very useful in my and your future.
I have to give a 5*. This can be biases since it is a topic that interests me and that I relate since I see on my work that communication is as important to achieve something as having the actual knowledge.The course has taught me how to enhance my presentations and to make sure listeners remember the messages I want to pass.
Mr Ivan Wanis Ruiz has done good job in presenting his topic and presentation well. Goal opportunity statement, ah-aha moment and 5 percent, area 47 and etc are the key words that i learn from you. You done a good job and i have a learn from you to improve my communication skills. Once again, Thank you Mr Ivan Wanis Ruiz.
This is the course i was searching for, but was lazy enough and could not put it in right words. The course description nailed it " The science behind soft skills" I am thankful and indebted to Ivan for this course. I thoroughly enjoyed it and i would highly recommend this course to anybody who wants to better themselves.
This course provides essential skills that are needed in this virtual age. Having been forced to work from home for weeks, I understand the importance of having the skills offered by this course. I appreciate Prof. Ruiz for his top-notch delivery. Also, thanks to his team that were able to put this together.
Mr. Ivan Wanis Ruiz is an incredible and exceptional lecturer. He breaks down every detail to the knowledge of your understanding and makes it easier for you to follow.I am happy i took this course and i am definitely going to apply it to my daily and career life. Thank you sir for the added knowledge.
I had high expectations for this course. Even so, it surprised me in a positive way. I feel like I can apply the knowledge I gained in it in my professional and academic life. I also strongly encourage people to do the optional discussions and exercises, since they help to practice the course content.
Very useful, using lots of examples, which makes it better to understand and remember. Very refreshing video presentations by Ivan Ruiz, also the additional resources (readings and videos used are very funny, eye catching, not boring). I applied already many steps from this course during studying.
Really very nice course.  It covered all the points required for a better communication. The tools to communicate explained by Ivan Wanis Ruiz was just awesome and easy to remember. This course helped me a lot to improve my communication skill.  Thank you to Ivan Wanis Ruiz Sir and the whole team.
The instructor made the course very interesting and enjoyable, easy to follow up on ideas and it was made sure that we don't get lost in too much or unnecessary details. The assignments are easy to complete and the course is also faisable with some extra work within shorter period than stated.
Ivan is such a great teacher! From the introduction video to the end, he managed to keep me engaged all the time! Thank you Ivan! Thank you! And I thank you, Coursera, for giving us the chance to follow such a course during this time. I managed to make a good out of this crisis, thanks to you!
Have you ever lived through a perfect moment? The one you would like to memorize second by second? To be able to keep every word they said, their every gesture? I felt exactly like this during this course. Now, I have a perfect Spiderman suite with all tools, and I am dying to try them all!
I have been taking online courses, and this one was one of the greatest! Mr. Ruiz enthusiasm and way of presenting help to be motivated throughout the course and even finish it ahead of time. I would definitely recommend taking the course if you want to improve your communication skills.
It was a fantastic experience! Very practical, well-structured, uses great and relevant example videos and readings. The instructor, Ivan Wanis Ruiz is outstanding. He really shows a great example of everything that he teaches. Thanks for putting together such a wonderful agenda!👍👍👍
The course is awesome, it has helped me to be confident in presenting any topic now. I would recommend this course to people who wanted to learn how to present not only in virtual age but also in person-to-person communication. Thanks to Prof. Ivan Wanis Ruiz for the wonderful course.
I think this course will be useful not only for managers or CEO but also for people who want to know how to communicate with others. It has different interesting methods and strategies not only for managing the team but also ordering a coffee or motivate your friend not to be late.
This course will be really beneficial to boost your communication skills. Mostly for  those who are giving presentation in office and for those who want to be a good public speaker. you can also learn different techniques in this course to which will help in your day to day life.
Ivan Wanis Ruiz is a very engaging Instructor.  He has presented complex situations in a very simple way with clear examples to help understand the applications.  This course is very worth spending time on, to read the notes, pratice, understand  and review.  Totally recommended.
Amazing course! I've learned so much and this seminar is the reason that I want to study further about Communications and Marketing. The professor is so passionate with what he's teaching you and captivates your attention from the 1st minute! It was a unique experience for me!
Ivan is a person you love to hear, he has mastered the art of communicating through a neuroscience and psychology research. Really worth it if you want to upgrade the way you relate with the people around you. He uses sale company examples, so that could be a plus to someone
I want to thank you for this excellent course I've learned lots of great communication strategies. I also noticed that through this course I've changed, now I'm looking to the same things from different point of view. I can't wait to apply all learned communication tools :)
This is a great course to help in understanding
verbal and non-verbal communication. I was very pleased from the moment it
started and its speaker is very effective. Great tips on communication
strategies and good tips for whom has to do presentations. A must do course!
My experience with the course was very positive and good. The course is an enjoyable experience due to the excellent delivery style of the instructor Ivan Wanis Ruiz wherein he displays live examples in every course video on how to hold the attention of one's audience.
I enjoyed the pace of this course. I learned a lot, it was quite informative. The only thing which kept me back was actually posting a video of myself on YouTube. I think we should have been given an optionof not posting our face. Thank you so much for this course.
This course is amazing. It helped me a lot and made me realize the things I was lacking earlier and didn't even know. I have learned ample of things from this course and will definitely use all the skills that I have learned in my professional career. Thank You !
In general, an organization is based on the subject and treatment according to a given decision logic.
Using the best form of communication can allow for continuous improvement. This course made me realize this. I did a good job and deserved the positive result.
This is a very good way to understand the way we communicate in the actuality, I learned a lot and the instructor is great , I am looking forward to came back and continue growing in the different fields that you offer thank you it was a great experience.
It was really worth opting this course because there is a lot to learn from here and yes it is totally based on today's world and will help you to deal with it. At last I'm really thankful to coursera team to make this course free of cost.Thank to all !
A very good and hand-on course. You can't pass unless you practice what you have learnt. I gained a lot of information in this course and it really challenge and push my limit. Thank you Instructor, University and Coursera for giving me an opportunity.
Excellent course!! Didn't even feel like I was doing a course because it was that enjoyable 😆 Prof. Ruiz's expressions and quirks made it so much fun! Not to mention the tons of useful information given concisely! Thank you so much for this course 💜
A wonderful course, providing the real requirement for an effective presentation. I personally liked few things- Area 47, BLUF and GOS which can be used in business presentation. And the communication methodologies for different types of individuals.
Ivan is one of the best trainers; I came across ever!A brilliant speaker; engaging right from the word go till the very end!Course Module is also impeccably designed and delivers in the best of spirits; fulfilling all the objectives of the course.
Thank you, Mr Ivan Ruiz, for providing this course. I have learnt several useful tools from your presentation and the manner you have applied throughput your lectures. Highly recommended for anyone who wishes to improve their communication skills.
The design and delivery of the course are perfect. As an academic, this course will help me to design my lectures and deliver them, as we are shifting to an online class module. Thanks to the instructor for making the course extremely enjoyable.
I really enjoyed this course.  I learned a lot of useful things I can use in my work.  I also now have a number of resources that I can reference through the books and websites that were referenced in the course.  I would recommend to others.
GREAT PROGRAMBoth the speaker and the content are really great. I encourage all people to take this program, nowadays is mandatory to master these kind of skills. Ivan is also charismatic and maintain engagement of the audience all the team.
The speaker was very engaging.  He was able to engage as if we were in a direct conversation.  The content was also concise and I found it especially helpful that when tips are given there are actual examples on how they can be demonstrated.
I did not think that I could hear something new about communication topic, but apparently this course offered some very useful and new tools for effective communication as in virtual as in real communication practices. Thank you very much.
This was a really interesting course, you learn how to tackle different people in your work environment, communicate virtually in an effective way, I also learnt about new concepts and how you can give a presentation by incorporating them.
Very good course overall, though a few links didn't work and there were a few mistakes. For example, one quiz is like this "How can we BEST summarize what we have learned so far in this video?" but there were actually two correct answers.
The course is good. It has been presented very well under different sections which makes the learning interesting and comprehensible. This will surely help me and other professionals enhance communication strategies in the internet age.
Excellent guidance, the content is well explained and the final assignment collects everything you have learned during the course. A really good option to improve how you communicate with your team, especially in this times of pandemic
It was a wonderful experience. The course helped me to know about presentation skills as well as professional communication skills. I am glad I enrolled in this course and recommend all students and professionals to join this course.
Excellent course offered by Coursera. As we are already in the virtual world, this course gave me the confidence of being an effective virtual communicator too. Impressive course delivery by our tutor, Ivan. Thank you very much Ivan!
As an experienced and tech savvy public speaker, I hadn't expected the course to be this useful! It was packed with practical tips and I am very thankful to Ivan for creating it! I highly recommend it to presenters of all levels!
Great! was reluctant to finish the course at first because of the final assignment. But i did it anyway. Felt good. This is very informative and the final assignment helps you understand as you try to apply what you have learned.
I really loved the information that I learned, simple language (for all the people) and very interesting strategies. I LOVE IT. The only thing I felt weird was the last evaluation, I´m not completely agree, but the information i
Instructor was great and engaging all throughout! The content itself was easy to follow as well, but I just hope that there's an option stated we could do a podcast or voice recording instead of a video for the last assessment.
A great course by the renowned University of Toronto on modern communication strategies. Liked it very much. Polished the old skills and LEARNED a lot of new strategies and approaches to the communication in the internet age.
I learned so many new ways of communication in this. And the best part is the presentation part. This course is practical and can be applied virtually as well as in person. And the instructor makes it interesting all the way
This is the single best decision i have took in my life. Great course , great teacher and everything is great about this course. Looking forward for more courses from you sir Ivan wanis Ruiz. We need more courses from you.
Truly informative course. Things i though i knew (i realized was not much during the course) was turned 180 degrees. Thank you again to the excellent instructor, Ivan Ruiz who made understanding this course so much better.
Loved it! Ivan did a superb job in explaining it in a very clear and a concise manner. I learnt so much and changed my current notions on communications. I will be revisiting most of the course material on a regular basis!
a very effective course for Communication in virtual age specially during the current pandemic period when most of the communications are being virtually, I believe this course will help in communicating more effectively.
Really good! Who will benefit?
Anyone who:
makes phone or video calls, holds presentations or works with other people (online or offline). I would assign all my colleagues to take this course if I were authorized to do so
It was absolute new learning for me and the one that is extremely implementable. I am glad to have taken and completed this course. The instructor, Ivan Wanis Ruiz know to keep the class interactive and highly energized.
The lecturer made use of a lot of real life examples and scenarios which made the subject matter easy to understand. I learned so many interesting strategies and techniques that I will use throughout my life and career.
Outstanding course. Make sure you have all notes concise and handy to use it in your future. It has the power to transform, improve your communication skills if you will work consciously in implementing all you learnt.
Highly recommend this course for everyone! Strategies and techniques are not solely just for virtual age, there can be commonly applied into our daily lives! Lectures were great as well - to the point, short and sweet!
Amazing! I really liked it, and the Final Evaluation method was very nice as we really had to apply the tools we learnt in real life. If there is another course  from this instructor or University wanna check it out
Great course! Valuable and enjoyable at the same time. I would say that everyone can benefit from such a course, it is relevant for any professionals since more and more of our work and communication is now online.
Very insightful training which provided several, truly practical tips on how to effectively handle virtual communication.  This was such an eye-opener for me and will definitely help me when I do virtual training.
This is a fantastic course! There are so many tips an trick how to communicate well with our team and audiences especially for this virtual ages. Thank you Mr. Ivan Wanis Ruiz and all the team for the knowledge.
I really enjoyed this course. The stuff you will learn could be very useful in today's setup where almost everyone is working from home. I highly recommend this course. Kudos to Mr. Ruiz for such great material.
Very good course and when it comes to this new COVID-Normality, this kind of skills make a hugh impact in the teams. i.e. All the meetings I have with my virtual team are now better, and we're a Engineering team
Great experience especially in the current climate where virtual meetings are the norm for the foreseeable future. I learned some essential skills to run more effective meetings and presentations in this course.
Very interesting methods to improve your communication both virtually and face to face. Video lessons are high quality and very interesting. I really enjoyed taking this course and I recommend it for everyone.
An amazing course. The lecturer is very good at transmitting ideas and tools on how to communicate and how to present. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to upgrade their soft skills!
I would highly recommend to take this course. I learnt so much about improving the way I communicate both verbally and virtually. The professor's lectures were very interactive and simplified. He was awesome!
This was a great learning experience. I love the energy and humor of the instructor and the activities were fun too. This course got me looking more in depth about various concepts that I normally wouldn't.
This course is engaging. Ivan taught me a lot of ways to express myself in virtual and real life circumstances. These are practical things that you will learn only here! Thank you for this opportunity.
The course was very instructive and interesting for me. Maybe that's why I couldn't stay away from the task and I did all the tasks in the shortest time possible. The practical advice was very helpful.
I think this is one of the best, if not the best, courses on Coursera! You really see that Mr Ruiz, who run the course, knows what he's talking about. The course is very interesting and engaging.
That was my best course not only in Communications but on Coursera as well!!! I passed it for 4 evenings and enjoyed every bit of it. Very valuable and practical information. No boring theories.
Ivan teaching increased my knowledge and confidence in both a professional and personal level. He provided insights and wisdom for the challenging times we live. I highly recommend this course!
It was a great course! I did enjoy the lectures and found myself constantly engaged with the topics. I will surely be able to use the lessons I learned from here in the workplace/virtual space.
I loved the course because it helped me realize many traps that I fall into when I try to make presentations. It also gave me amazing skills to practice in my daily life. Thank you so muuuuch!
A very interesting and helpful course! Great content and makes me want to learn in detail on ways to communicate, which can be applied not only virtually, but on a face to face level as well.
Thank you so much for offering this course and for having such competent instructor. I've learned a lot especially when it comes to communicating with others and public speaking. More power!
Great course, very pratical, chrystal clear goals and explanations. The course has certainly improved my communication and people skills, both virtual as irl. I would recommend it to anyone.
Its really a good course which helped me to improve my skills more on presentation, group work and management. And I want to thank so soo much to Ivan sir. You made the course so enjoyable.
It is a great course and the teacher is a great comunicator. I haver learned a lot of useful information. Do you want to improve your communication skills? This is the right curse to start
What an incredible course to take during the pandemic. I have learnt so much about communicating virtually and cannot wait to use it during the next couple months while working from home.
The course is very useful and informative. It clearly explains the basic components and techniques related to a good presentation or a talk. I recommend this courses to all professionals.
It is a true masterpiece for an online course. The instructor is a well diverse communicator and a man of strategies in communications. Thanks for all the knowledge and wisdom. God bless.
The professor is extremely engaging in his lectures and I learned skills that I can use in my professional career. It's a very easy-to-understand course that will help you grow immensely.
this course is really amazing I have learned lots of things that can help me a lot to become public speaking. you learn more than you can imagine if you have a passion to do this course.
A very useful course for communication strategies. Contents of this course are very engaging and I encourage all to go through this course. It will improve communication skill for sure.
Fantastic course with an amazing professor. This is my highest recommended course to take on this website and it significantly improved my confidence in public speaking and leadership.
What a great course! It delivers what it promises and has certainly helped me improve my communication skills. I'm really thankful to the people who out such great content together.
An excellent course, its a must for every profession. The way recent times are evolving, this course has actually help in developing my communication as per the recent requirements.
Its such an amazaing experience! People who attend the course will be feel more attractive because the lecturer alaways give more and more lessons with his unique gesture. Cheers :)
One of the best courses so far! Very informative, useful and interesting. I truly enjoyed watching and learning from it as Iwan was giving us a lot of useful examples and materials.
This is currently one of my favourite courses i took here in Coursera, Prof Ivan Ruiz is just amazing, I liked the way of his teaching, and the course it self was full of learning.
This course is really informative and interesting. I enjoyed it a lot. I believe I can use it practically in my life. Thanks to Mr. Ivan and Coursera for a great course like this.
this was a great Course. I really enjoyed the videos and the tutor was great! thank you for giving me this opportunity to learn from you guys. special greetings from South Africa!
this course is great.  the class is not boring, the instructor is engaging, the content is applicable and easy to understand and learn. Very useful class and definitely recommend.
Very much enjoyed this course. Very engaging presented, and excellent content with practical application. The closing assignment ended up being quite a challenge too :) Thanks!
What a great course. Ivan is excellent at what he does and was a real joy to go through this course. Well presented, full of knowledge and definitely will aid me going forward.
This is one of the best course that I have ever done in coursera , if you are a employee and struggles in the business meeting and presentation then this is the course for you.
The instructor was awesome I wish they were all as articulate and passionate like he was! The course taught me a lot and made me feel more confident when speaking to my peers.
I am absolutely grateful for this course.The instructor is amazing and I thoroughly enjoyed the learnings.Thank you to Coursera and University of Toronto. I really appreciate.
I loved this course. It provides many tips for effective communication both in the virtual world and also in-person. The instructor is amazing and I've learned a lot with him.
Wonderful Course. Ivan is very charismatic and the dynamics of the training is so good! I really enjoyed it and gave me a lot of tools to continue working. Thank you so much!
Great course, game-changing content, amazing performance by Brian (just kidding)! Ivan has a spectacular way of delivering a message using every bit of what he teaches. 10/10
I like this topic.This is really interesting. It
made me understand the concept and ideals behind the Communication . It also made
me reflect on my ideas about Communication
This course is a MUST for everyone regardless of their age, profession and location. Ivan is a great professor and presenter. I thoroughly enjoyed my first Coursera course.
It was wonderful session with lot of understanding about day in day out caring philosophy. small small attention and putting attention into action can result into delivery.
This is been a really amazing subject and it's content is awesome which I can use in my day to day life. Thank you Ivan and Coursera for this great opportunity to learn. :)
This course could not have come at a better time due to COVID-19.The lessons I gained from this course has helped me communicate better with my team  using virtual methods.
Hello Ivan,thank you for this motivating course. It reminded me of lot of learned items and new ones we added. I will try to use the tools you offer to better commhnicate.
This course is very useful for both online and offline. Definitely for all tips in online which significantly needed skill after all circumstances of covid19. Thank you!!
This course was a really amazing and informative course. I personally felt a boost in my public speaking skill and the way communication must take place in a virtual age.
This was a very effective course in this digital era. I am impressed with this course and I can utilize the learning of this course in my personal and professional life.
The best course for the future of communication. It gives a realistic approach of how to identify and use communication at different instances in the virtual environment
I am truly happy with the course. The Instructor is a very experienced and an interesting person. A lot to learn more. Highly recommended for learners. Thanks Coursera.
I had attended so many online training, but mostly i use to be bored and forward the video. This Training content and Instructors way of presentation was really great.
I really enjoy this course, the concepts and the videos are very useful in
the real world. The instructor was very clear, his interactions were enjoyable
and dynamics.
Great course to revisit basics of communication or pick up some  new communication skills to engage effectively in the virtual age. Ivan is engaging and knowledgeable.
One of the best online courses I've taken. An extremely interesting and entertaining course with an instructor that keeps you in it. I'd really recommend this course!
I definitely enjoyed the course material and also the evaluation criteria .I want to appreciate the speaker for his excellent skills of connecting with the listener.
Thankyou so much.. I have learnt alot of communication strategies through this course and I will surely going to apply in this virtual age. Thanks to the instructor.
Excellent. Professor Ivan with a high professional level teaches us the tools to make better presentations with effective outcomes in the web or any other context.
This is a really big help for those who want to improve their speaking and communication skills. It helped me to communicate with different people and situations.
Everything was great! Awesome!!!Evan, THANK YOU VERY MUCH!You helped me to work online, you showed how to use the communication strategies in virtual environment!
The content is excellent. The professor is great! All strategies are in placed. This is the course whom business professionals shouldnt missed.Highly recommended!
This course is very useful. It gives some tips for improving the communication with other people and it shows how improve the presentations. I really enjoyed it.
This course helped me big time especially in public speaking specifically presenting one self. I thank Ivan Ruiz and the University of Toronto foe this learning.
I actually enjoyed this course. I loved most about how different people are motivated by different things, and how you can use it strategically to your benefit.
The lecturer was fabulous. I liked his style and most importantly, the messages he taught.Although this was online, I still felt challenged with the assignment.
Very good course. instructor was engaging. Was able to apply immediately everything that was taught as I learned them. Would definitely recommend this to others
This was a good refresher to Strategic and Virtual Communications. Great engaging content and style adopted by Ivan Wanis Ruiz. Thanks for making this happen.
Its an amazing course that changed my paradigm. The instructor, Ivan Wanis Ruiz is phenomenon. Watching his deliberation is rewarding and knowledge enhancing.
Instructor was amazing. Great presenter with great material. The subject itself is interesting and necessary. This was my favorite course out of the 3 I took.
This course offers great tips on how to communicate more effectively, I definitively learned a lot and will be using these strategies on my life from now on.
I love this course. Our instructor was really good. Each and every assignment was interesting and  useful.Now i can face my presentations without any doubts.
Ivan is amazing. The course was entertaining and provided many tips that I will be using in the future. I learned so much. I would recommend it to everyone.
Excellent and easy to follow. It culminates in a video and slide exercise that really makes you put into practice what you have learnt. Highly recommended.
i thought it was just a course but it happen to be the most thing i wanted "communication and confidence and responses....thanks coursera thanks limkokwing
Great communication hacks to improve presentation skills .Heartiest thanks to Ivan Wanis Ruiz for his excellent demonstration  throughout the whole course.
Excelent the structure and the metodology of the course. At all times you are in interaction. I gain new knowledge and skills comunications for my future.
I am bold to say i can communicate better (virtually and face-to-face) now having completed my online course on communication strategies for virtual age.
It was an awesome 4 -5 week's journey, but it was amazing. It has helped me learning the overall package of communication strategies in this virtual era.
The course is more than amazing! It helps you learn all the skills you need to properly communicate today, in every single platform we use. Thank you!!!
Best regards to Ivan. He's an amazing speaker and I've learned how to use the best tools to attract and hold attention during this specific virtual age.
Its fantastic i recommend it to everyone, Its tough but awesome learning, Poll, Global Multiple choice question, Presentation and Assignment and review
Nice online course, so interesting and easy to learn. Also with tips and practical test , makes me more understand how to present in front of audience.
Great course indeed!!! I will definitely give all credits to the amazing professor for making me understand each and every concept in a wonderful way.
Ivan has taught us the most important thing in a business...That is effective communication..I had a practical knowledge. Thank you Ivan and Coursera.
An excellent course for us to learn about communicating effectively. The course is easy-going with ample explanation, letting me to understand better.
Learned quite a bit from this course, and the instructor is top notch. Knowledgeable, with a good sense of humour.  Very enjoyable while also learning
This is really an amazing course. I, personally learned a lot of communication strategies to use in my day to day work. Many thanks to the instructor.
This is an excellent course. Well designed. I very much appreciate how the instructor had designed the course. And wonderful sessions. Very practical.
I loved this course! I highly recommend to all who would like to showcase their skills in presentation and public speaking. The speaker is encouragin
Love you Evan sir for your outstanding teaching staff and for everything else. I have learnt everything that I need to learn before. Thank you again.
The overall course is very interesting. I just loved the way how Mr. Ivan explains everything in an amazing manner. I learned a lot from this course.
This course is really very nice, sir is guide very nicely and heartly thank you so mutch sir for make this course we learn so mutch things from you.
Great Course. I learned amazing and effective tools to be used not only on my presentations but also at work and on my everyday life. Thank you !!!
Excellent sessions i enjoyed every session. it was informative and encouraging. the instructor was such soothing at his  delivery .kudos to you sir
Timely course especially with this pandemic (COVID-19) which has introduced us to the new normal or working and learning. Great presentations Ivan!
An excellent course set up and taught by Mr. Ivan Wanis Ruiz. Mr. Ivan Wanis Ruiz thank you for sharing the knowledge in an easy yet effective way.
This was a great course i learnt so many great things to advance in my career.Ivan was a great teacher very interesting and made learning exciting.
The course has been nicely designed, Mr. Ivan way of teaching with real-life examples helped me to understand the concepts very easily. Thank You.
I am bold to say that the course has sharpened my communication skills which would be carried over to improve my speaking capabilities post covid
best course for learning public speaking and become more confident while speaking i learnt many techniques from it to handle meetings confidently
I learnt a lot through this course. And I am thankful that this is my first Coursera course as it excited me that made me want to study more :D
Excellent instructor & very informative course! Highly recommended to anyone seeking to have  top notch communication skills for a virtual age.
Hello,Very good course, interactive and inclusive/comprehensive.Keep going :).Thank your for having this opportunity.Have a lovely day,Ofelia
Really enjoyed this course, thank you! Only thing I'd say is that the Peer-Review assignment takes much longer than 30 minutes to complete :)
Coming in and Going out is very differ to me. I love the course. I very much like the trainer's presentation skill. Thank you for everything.
Wonderful course instructor. I really liked the in-video pop up quizzes, they helped me recall and retain the knowledge learnt in the course.
Sir Ivan did a great job for us. This is a great course from online. Actually I learned a lot. Thanks for the support. love from Bangladesh.
great course, awesome instructor.  Course should have more exercises to help audience master concepts.  Overall, great value for time spent!
Great course with a lot of useful information for online presentations and meetings! Instructor teaches in a fun way. Definitely recommend!
Ivan is a spectacular facilitator!! The course is simply amazing!! For communication enthusiasts, it's worth every single hour spend on it!
I really enjoyed this particular course. The instructor was very informative and made the course lively. Thanks a lot for this opportunity.
The course is very relevant to our situation today. It helps well with proper communication even in different aspects. Great course to try!
Great content and way of teaching. Excellent instructor, good motivator. I warmly recommend this course for advanced communicators as well.
This course took me to step out of my comfort zone, which is really great! Thank you for the last assignment. It means a lot and be brave!
Dept discussion and study on type of communications and how to respond in more effective way. Useful information and proficient intructor.
Awesome course. Quite relevant communication strategies in virtual age.Thanks to Coursera , University of Toronto and IvanWanis Ruiz Sir.
A great course, both in content and in the communication techniques presented. It provided a great growth for my professional activities.
Excellent course content, well explained, used professional way and interactive session has been taken.Its really very informative too.
Ivan has a great way of explaining the contents, also the classes are very interactive  and the tips are great! I recommend the course.
One of the best course I have even completed, it was fun, it was educational, it amazed me. I have become a big fan of the instructor.
Among others, this course beautifully guides on how to conduct meetings  & presentations effectively, especially in the virtual world.
Excellent! Very informative and student friendly. Special appreciation to the Professor Ivan who made it so easy to grasp the content.
The course was very useful. I have learnt a lot. Though there were many known contents, the course took us in a different dimension.
Excellent explanation! Kept me motivated to learn and stay focused throughout the course! Thank you Coursera and big thanks to Ivan!
This Course was awesome! Got a really good insight of what I was lacking in my communication and what I should do to make it better.
Fantastic communication course, it really makes you think outside of the box to make effective communications in today's digital age
This course and the professor were simplyawesome ! He taught us extremely effective things which will are going to be useful soon .
It was a great course to follow, the instructor taught the very essential ways of communicating both in person and also in virtual.
Thank you for this brilliant course, Mr Ruiz! I've already recommended it to several friends I know will find it truly interesting!
Amazing Course I will recommend for anyone interested in effective communication. Also you have the gift of an awesome tutor here
Amazing! Speaker gives a clear and detailed lecture which helps me understand. Useful resources are attached. Thanks for sharing.
Great course , the topics we're clear, the teacher knows what He is teaching , it was fun, didactic And very helpful . Thank you
I've learned some great presentation tips from this course, it allowed me to step out of me comfort zone and I had fun doing it!
Super interactive course, the coach is great and gives you some really great insights on strategic communication and persuasion!
In this Course the Professor was Great and he made the things very easier and I think I will use this in my virtual discussions
the module is very interesting, easy to follow and practical. Thanks to Ivan as the instructor. Great course. Great instructor
a great course! tho someone posted my video in their submission. so please be aware for cheaters and report them for plagarism
This course is key for this new era! Yet not only that! Is entertaining, you learn, practice & see great examples! Thank you!
An excellent course on communication. The course broadens the way of communication. I loved this course. Thanks to the author
A wonderful experience for a teacher to know how to communicate and present. Thank You for University of Toronto and Coursera
This course was really well done. The videos are engaging, the readings are interesting and I found value in the assignments.
I have been studying communications for ages, but the content of this course is truly fresh and new for me. Simply amazing!
This course gives a lot of useful knowledge and tips to improve your communication skills. Really recommended for everyone.
Simply delivered yet very informative and thought provoking to the point of feeling - " somehow  a part of my life changed"
An excellent experience. Great course with amazing contents I must say. I learned with and not a single minute was boring.
This is an excellent course to upgrade your skills and also the professor is very good. Loved this course. Thanks Coursera
I loved the way the tutor took me through the case. it was like he knew all my communication weaknesses. Thank you so much
One of the best courses. Ivan kept me intrigued throughout the course which is what really helped me understand it better.
Really learned a lot from this course. Looking forward to applying the skills I learned in my everyday tasks! Thanks Ivan!
I would highly encourage anyone to take this course and benefit from it! The teacher was so cool and good at explaining.
This course was exciting and had immersive content which delivered in @iwanisruiz calmness style.  Too hot to handle 😍
Really rich content and videos--loved the tips and examples and insights into the way our brains process presentations.
The course was absolutely fantastic! Indeed, it gave me the tools for improving my in-person and virtual communication.
I really learned a lot about about strategic comm. , how to deal with different types of people to get your work done.
best course amongst the 5 courses which I've completed. highly recommended to everyone. would have given 10 ratings!!
This is a well constructed education series and up-to-date for today's world of video communications. I recommend it.
I enjoyed this course very much. Ivan is a very skilled presenter and seems very interested in sharing his knowledge.
I loved this course! This course is very relevant to today's needs and Professor Ivan makes it so easy to understand!
A great deal of knowledge and tremendously useful for our future in these pandemic, work from home and remote world.
I really enjoyed this course and learnt lot of new resources to improve my communication skills. Highly recommended.
I really enjoyed taking this course! The professor is amazing and the knowledge taught in this class is very useful!
So captivating, I learnt alot more than I thought, not just about virtual communication but communication in general
A great source of knowledge as far virtual strategies are concerned in communication. Highly recommended to everone.
The course is very practical oriented. The content is presented in an interesting way and it's very well explained.
Very good! Actually, I'm participating in a Hackathon I think this will be very useful! I've learnt a loT! Thanks!
Learned a lot from this course. I can apply many cases to my daily communications with my colleagues and clients.
Excellent course. Professor is extremely knowledgeable and knows exactly how to engage audience. Very well define
Very good resources for communications skills in digital world. I would strongly recommend this course for anyone
Excellent course. Very useful and practical. The material is very easy to comprehend and apply in the real world.
The instructer has deep knowledge about the content and is quite impressive and expressive in teaching virtually.
This is a great communication course! A lot of tips on how to do an effective communication, online and offline.
great content, everything is there to guide us to better communicate in this virtual age.... or in person too !
I enjoyed the 6 weeks of studying this course.  I could understand and correct my own mistakes during meetings.
This lesson is super helpful. It could help me avoid some traps while doing the online education and meeting.
The instructor is wonderful. I love you so much. Your mastery of communication skills is changing me already.
This course helps me to improve my communication skills and how to deal with various personality human being.
One of the most amazing and mind opening courses I've ever taken! Absolutely loved it and 100% recommend it!
This course is great for you to learn how to speak better, and how to get people attention in the workplace.
I've learnt so much and anyone planning on working or owning a business, should consider taking this course.
Excellent course! Great teacher! Learned a lot on communication strateges and especially how to apply them.
This course helped me a lot in Communication skill. Instructor is too cheerful that learning was not boring
This is a very well presented course with excellent insights & a very interactive format. Well done, Ivan !
Simple, Concise and most importantly - very effectively applicable advice, direction and recommendations.
Extraordinary experience I have gained through this course. Such a powerful and influencing speaker he is
Awesome and very userful! The professor is probably the best and most compelling I found here on Coursera
I really appreciate the course and all topics presented. It was a pleasure to live and learn this course!
Very good lessons. I just wish we had more activities and not only the final project. Thank you for this!
Good tool set and strategy to improve communication skills. Format is efficient and engaging. Thanks Ian
Fast paced dynamic presentation from a professional communicator.  Course  has many interesting aspects.
Its really important to learn how to communicate in a virtual age, and this course has helped me a lot.
I really learnt a lot, I will recommend this course to anyone who wants improve on their communication.
Excellent course instructor, full of passion and enthusiasm. I highly recommend to enroll and explore.
Great class! I really enjoyed it and will take the input with me into my professional & personal life!
Ivan sir was amazing I will be honored to meet him in person some or may get a chance to work with him
The course is very relatable with a whole lot of pragmatic case studies. Thumbs up to the facilitator.
I learned a lot in this course, I’m very great full towards my instructors he has a great personality
Great course! I learn a lot from the course. Thank you Ivan Wanis Ruiz, Thanks University of Toronto.
Great course to understand the latest strategies to communicate efficiently in today's digital world.
I'm  a Linguistics  And Communication  Studies major and this  course so helped me!!!  Thank you!!!!
I really enjoyed this course, Ivan Wanis Ruiz is a great teacher! So glad to having achieve so much!
Grate course to learn various tool of strategic communication. I must say the instructor was great.
Amazingly knowledgeable! I learned so much on how to communicate properly. Thanks to my instructor.
This is one of the best course one can go through. The way instructor communicates is really nice.
Great training with theory and powerful practical techniques.  Great platform and amazing content.
I have learned a lot in this course and  I hope I can apply and improve in my  working environment
Very engaging video content and the assessments are valuable. This is a highly recommended course!
The course instructor explains very clearly. Readings and teaching videos are precise and helpful.
This course is one of the best e-learning courses I have experienced. Ivan did an outstanding job.
Effective delivery skills of the speaker. It was virtual course but really effective interaction.
Good Course ,But really need to work on the background ,the dark background makes it little dull.
Actually I am trying to implement it in real life, thanx to your valuable efforts and knowledge.
Excellent learning experience. The instructor was awesome in his delivery of the course content.
Very clear and engaging lessons! Thank you Ivan for the concise and productive module strucutre.
Very engaging and useful course, especially during a pandemic. Enjoyed learning new techniques!
Extremely satisfied and a very useful course for these days. Ivan is simply an amazing teacher.
Ivan is a great talker!!!!! got all the points accross, really a great instructor and motivator
Awesome course, but would have been better with Q&A rather than submitting PPT and youtube vide
Ivan was a really great instructor. The topics are really relevant to my line of work! Thanks!
this course is lots of learn and learning ability must be improved of communication statergies
Learnt alot !!!!!Ivan is good speaker. Gives nice tips which will make your presentation good.
Really incredible course it give the needed tools for virtual, daily and casual communication.
best course on coursera so far. Great instructor.Waiting for more courses from this instructor
Speaker was really engaging and real-world examples were relatable and contemporary. Good one!
This is a super-focused, and clear set of principles which are easy to apply in the workspace.
Ivan is a very good teacher. Every lectures were delightful. Learnt a lot through this course.
Really engaging, entertaining and challenging. I am taking with me a bunch of good practices.
very useful and learned different strategies from great professors and from reputed institute
A very interesting course, many things for your virtual and real meetings and presentations.
This course helps me to understand communication styles and how to communicate effectively.
The course is top notch. Loved every bit of it. It is very practical. Loved the instructor!
excellent course. every important aspect was taught so beautifully and in simplified manner
Enjoyed the topics and found them to be very relevant to the current working world climate.
Exceptionally well planned course for individuals interested in the field of communication.
Brilliantly Designed Program. Highly recommended for business leaders for the times ahead.
The course was on-the spot helping me develop skills that could be immediately be applied.
Highly interactive course for anyone who wants to improve communication skills effectively
A really good course. Lots of good tools and ideas for your professional and private life.
It  was too good i want to recommend this course for better handling formal communication
Best course I ever take on Coursera. Great examples, great methodology and great teacher.
A great course by a great mentor, totally a fan of his way of teaching, motivated by him.
This is a great course with an outstanding instructor that keeps you engaged all over it!
This course is a great help for those who wants to breakthrough effective communication.
Ivan is just a great man, in the end learnt everything that he told so in the beginning.
Great course with practical tips. Highly recommended. The instructor is just fantastic!
Very nice program.  Lots of good details to apply in real life, will highly recommend.
Excellent Course on different type of communication strategies ..thanks with regards
This is really an awesome course to be pursued in this digital era of communication.
There is  a lot to learn in this course and i am glad that i got  chance to do this.
This course make me more confidence to talk for communication. This course is great!
I loved this course from the first lesson to the last one. Thanks Ivan Wanis Ruiz!!
Amazing course and amazing speaker. very engaging and useful techniques were taught
It's a great course for learning the basics of good communication in a virtual age.
Easy to relate with and understand. The Facilitator is funny and a great tutor too.
For a short course, It was extremely educating and true to its value and objective.
Extremely relevant in a time where we cannot personally be with those we work with!
Thank you, Coursera for helping me understand communication skills in a better way!
I enjoyed all the concepts in this course, really improved my communication skills
Extraordinary  course there is a lot of information which I have not expected.....
So complete course! Easy to follow and very useful (even more now, in coronatimes)
I just loved the way Evon was throughout the course.Best mentor I have ever seen.
Every professional should be able to access to these wonderful and helpful tools!
The fact that I was able to put aside my fear of the camera!! It was worth it!!!!
Great concepts that tie together and help build confidence and speaking ability.
It was a nice experience and a real challenge with the final task. Thanks a lot!
Nice and effective course for all. Whole the session was engaging and memorable.
it was a great learning experience ! the content was very good and interesting !
I was enjoying this course & it easily comes to my braind. This course is great.
This course is awesome this kind of experience I never ever had before amezing.
I learned a lot in the course.  I would like to recommend Coursera to others.
A fantastic advanced course to gain some real virtual communication skills !
Course covers a large range of  strategies which are very good. Thank You..
Thank you so much Ivan for this wonderful course. It's really very helpful.
thanks a lot Ivan, the course had really changed my view about commnication
Great teacher, and the finial assignment was a great to test our knowledge.
Very well designed, easy, and effective course. The instructor is awesome!
Great Professor, very interesting subject and course. A must for everyone!
Excellent Course. Need of the hour I believe. Delivery was also very good.
Interactive and Informative. Focused on minute details. Thanks to Mr. Ivan
Very smooth videos with proper tools for becoming next level Communicator
Fantastic presenter, with great examples used to explain the points made.
Awesome  course.Must be taken for enhancing communication in virtual age.
I really liked the way of Mr. Ivan. He made things so easy to understand!
Wow I just loved this course. I knew it will definitely help me in future
Thanks, it was really interesting and useful, especially the last module.
This was a very good course. Especially, I liked the concept of area 47.
Very detailed and strategically designed course. Learned a lot from it.
Really a very interesting training. The instructor is great. Thank you.
It is a fantastic course that is very informational and very engaging.
it was really great feeling for getting a certificate from coursera...
got a lot to learn about presentations. the rules were really helpful.
Its very good. Useful content. I will recommend this course to others
Its really a very nice course for improving communication strategies.
Such an amazing course. Learnt lot of things. Instructor is brilliant
Guys just follow the process, results will surely help you in future.
Very good courseMotivational and inspirational contentGice good facts
Quite engaging, with great tips for enhancing virtual communication!
Really Great course, learnt a lot. will use the techniques in future
Nice content and very important topic to this new era of home office
Ivan , You changed my life .I don't have  enough words to thanks you
Pretty fun course, it does cover more than just for virtual meetings
I have really enjoyed it and I found it very useful ,I recommend it!
I love this faculty and it makes me eagerly learn because of him...
Nice teaching with much curiosity in tracing the lesson to the end
Very great teaching. I enjoyed every bit of this course.Thank you.
The speaker presence is felt in each class and a very good course
It increased my confidence.... Communication is now easy for me🗣
The teaching was excellent and I think it has improved me a lot.
Awesome course. Ivan Is amazing. Really teaches valuable things.
I really enjoyed the course and I learned alot , thank you evan
One of my absolute favourite courses ever. Really helped a lot!
It is a fantastic course that can help how todeliver speeches.
very good course, very easy, begginers level for non-begginers
It's a very useful course to enhance the communication skill.
Great speaker and strategy that keeps you engaged throughout.
Great course with huge knowledge to accquire. Thank you Ivan!
Brilliant course and extremely useful in the need of the hour
What a course! It is well created and the speaker is so good.
Best teacher I ever had. Thank you for creating this course.
it was exactly what i needed to enhance my managerial skills
Very insightful tip and tricks to get around in virtual age!
Absolutely awesome and relatable! Ivan did a fantastic job!!
Amazing course by super amazing Ivan.. lots of new learning
Very effective course to improve your virtual communication
One of the best communication courses I've ever witnessed!
I loved the lecturers videos. He was explicit and engaging
Very helpful in acquiring skills that I will actually use.
Awesome course for communication skill...thanks Coursera.
the course is very good and the instractor is professinal
This is a nice course. Thanks to instructor and Coursera
Excellent course for improving communication strategies.
i found it very helpful..the instructor did a great job!
Ivan is really good instructor I learned a lot from him.
this course help us to gain better communication ability
course instructor was very lively & interactive as well
This course it's really great! Ivan is a GREAT teacher!
Excellent course! And very interesting and useful one!
Excellent.  Enjoyed the course topics and assignment.
well paced good for bargaing and conflict resolutions
One of the best course. Very helpful and insightful.
it was amazing and really made me better at speaking
Great course and really great instruction from Ivan!
this help me very much thanks for making this course
Its really awesome course with practical knowledge.
Great opportunity to improve communication skills.
This course will help you in real change yourself.
Very infromative and effective course. I love it!
It was an interesting course . I really enjoy it.
It was a very comprehensive and inspiring course.
I fully enjoyed the course since the first class
enjoyed it very much! very helpful in real life.
Very useful course for daily life communication.
best course for developing communication skills.
It was good to attend those lectures. Thank you.
Profesor Wanis is the 99 per cent of the curse!
Excellent communications tools for these times.
I learned a lot of new things from this course.
Thank you so much for this great opportunity...
Great course to take, very recommended to take.
Amazing​ course.​ It​ is​ not​ boring​ at​ all.
Great course: efficient, engaging, stimulating!
Have learnt many new skills on communication :)
Great information, the speaker is very Good, i
Very Interesting Discussions and Presentation.
Excellent course, I will recommend to everyone
very important course for confidence boosting.
A good structured course. A lot of learning...
very good course. Interesting and interactive.
Very good course in the age of virtual world.
TOTALLY LOVED IT!!! I RECOMMEND IT SO MUCH...
what a great course for my career development
Thank you very much! Such a great course! :))
Very good trainer; Extremely helpful course.
really good if you are up to public speaking
This is one of my best course on Coursera :)
thank you coursera and university of Toronto
Probably one of the best courses on Coursera
Yeah! I feel confident after do this course.
Excellent Course.. gained a lot of knowledge
Such a wonderful course I have rarely seen!
Very good and succinct course. A must have!
Excellent, I really enjoyed participating !
very well organised course and very usefull
Great course, full of useful tips! Thanks!!
A great journey it was! Thank you coursera!
Great course for people who work remotely!!
very much useful and had a fun of doing it.
It was fun because of Mr. Ivan Wanis Ruiz.
one of the best instructor I have ever had
The course was really good and i enjoy it.
Everything is in point, very great course!
thank you Coursera & University of Toronto
Wonderful Course. I will put into practice
The appropriate course at the right time.
Learn more thing to apply on my work life
Thanks it really help me communicate well
Thank you! I liked it so much! Great job!
Extremely interesting and engaging class.
Very useful course, strongly recommended
Great course and an amazing facilitator.
The best instructor on the whole corsera
Valuable courses for every professionals
You are an amazing tutor. Less is more !
I learned a lot from this course. Thanks
100 points to the instructor. Very good.
Loved every nano second of this Course..
Good Mentors and great learning platform
thank you so much for all the direction.
Well designed course. Very interactive.
Best course till now! Yvan man you rock
Thanks for creating this opportunity!!!
Excellent course I fully recommended it
Amazing..... Things actually works.....
Teaches you to manipulate. I loved it.
Evan was Exceptionally good instructor
Great Ivan sir, now thought me alot 😍
an interesting and professional course
Very good course and very beneficial.
Awesome! Kudos to the instructor 🙏🏼
great and simple introductory course
Worth the time. It helped me a lot!
They have presented it marvelously.
Really nice and easy to understand
I want to rate 10 stars not only 5
The best courses for me. Thank you
that was a woderful online course.
Ivan is such a great communicator.
This is by far my favourite course
Great course. Professor was great
Excellent course, I learned a lot
Awesome course with good strategy
It is really wonderful experience
Great course, I loved every class
Thank you for this opportunity.!
wonderful and excellent teacher.
very well strategic and engaging
Very Good Course, Learned a lot!
Thanks for the Great Opportunity
Awesome life changing experience
Really useful and amazing Course
Good video to impact my career.
The best thing that you learn a
Great Teacher! Awesome Content!
One of the best trainer I found
This course was very impactful.
it was a really good experience
beat course for communication.
Powerful Course!!! Recommended
This is good platform to learn
It is very useful.thanks a lot
Ivan is an amazing instructor!
Learned a lots of new skills
Wonderful! It helps me a lot
Best course for me so far...
thanks alot for your efforts
One of my favorite classes!
good.very effective course.
Innovative Course to learn.
Intersting and informative!
i enjoyed a lot ! thank you
Thank you for online cours
Really Very amazing course
Great learning Experience.
Really interesting course.
Great learning Experience
it is so good opportunity
good course for everybody
Superb Course and trainer
Perfect lesson. Thank you
It was good and effective
it will serve me forever
i really enjoyed this...
Most interesting course.
I learned so many things
overall course is awsm.
Very useful! Thank you!
It was great experience
this course is awesome
Very effective lessons
Amazing course! thanks
Very good explaination
it,s an amazing course
Precise and relevant.
wonderful experinence
I highly recommend it
Very much intresting
Great Learning Ever
Really good Course.
Really enthusiastic
Really interesting!
Awesome instructor
Awesome, nice tips
It's so educative.
Very Good course..
Very knowledgeable
Highly recommend!!
AwesomeBest Course
An amazing course.
good and efficient
I learned a lot😃
Great tools !!!
Good Course ...
learned a lot !
Awesome Session
I enjoyed a lot
Good Course ..
Greatt course
Pure bliss !
many thanks
Just Great!
too longe
