It was hard to sit through these endless monologues of a wanna be "MOOC cool" Professor. The content of most lectures is generic stuff one can find on the Internet. I did not learn anything new. Since I'd paid for the certificate, I thought I'd finish it. I urge Prof. Joordens (and fellow Canadian citizen) to take some Critical Theory courses and review some of his damaging statements about: -Muslim women, -"black" kids of Harlem,-Schizophrenic homeless people "choosing to live in the streets and being unemployable because" [....Who would hire them?] (fyi: I live in Vancouver, BC)-or the very poor presentation of the "theory of attraction". An age old unfunded theory presented as the sole work on the topic.If Psychology is a science, then this course is not about Psychology. It is merely a wikipedia level of content. I am disappointed, but more than that, worried that an influential Professor of Psychology is lacking awareness of his own biases and is spreading this around. Is there anyone ever checking the content of these courses or do we just give these Professors license to say what they want. Should we even care? I think we must.A final note, the performative awesomeness of Canada and Canadians is plain repulsive. If this course is meant to reach out to everyone on the globe, can we please refrain from these nationalist comments on MOOC materials. It's is tasteless.
This course is really boring as compared to other psychology courses. Most instructors make the course and content engaging but this on is a really big disappointment.
This course is should be considered psychology 1 instead of introduction to psychology l.I feel deceived, it's confusing, Coursera has denied my refund.This is really bad, I feel disappointed, and want my money back,Maria Chaves
did not like the course at all.  That is why I decided to discontinue the course.
not effective so
I want to change my course and also want to change my mail id .
Didn't find the course interesting
I enjoyed Steve's teaching style and his level of knowledge. I gave it 3 stars because it did not have objectives for each lesson and therefore I didn't know what the expectation of my understanding should be.
It is slightly unscientific in its political correctness, not tackling head on the psychology of groups and the debunking of feel good concepts like multiple inteligences. However, the lecturer is very good summarizing even though he chastises himself as too talkative. He's not. Moreover he knows his subject very well. I highly recommend this course.
Nice lector, good information (there are a few mistakes), ugly designed. Guys, it's XXI outdoors, why you choose this poor presentation and micro screen for lector instead of any average MOOC' design on Coursera?
The course is very basic and doesn't deal much with clinical psychology.
Not well presented lessons too long in most cases
The content is great. But I think we need quizzes every week plus midterm exam and final exam. It will help consolidating our learning. Putting all things about 50 questions in a midterm exam and final exam? That just won't work!
Does give you a fine overview of basics in psychology. Would have appreciated more quizzes and less soapboxing during the lecture videos.
Good course, and the topics covered during the course sessions were very much enlightening.
I loved this course, mainly due to our wonderful Professor. He focused on very pertinent subjects in Psychology (I felt like we covered the highlights of a whole year worth of subjects in 10 weeks) AND he did it in a very engaging and fun way. In a nutshell, he is AWESOME!What I did not like, which is also why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5, is mainly due to organisational matters: 1) the course schedule does not follow the weeks as listed in Coursera which creates TOTAL confusion, and it can be very easily solved. At the very least, the mid-term and final exams should be placed after the correct weekly schedule. Right now it is shifted by a week (earlier)2) The instructions about the peer assignments were not fully clear. I think also there, this is a quick fix and quick win. Simply adjusting the wording to better explain the process would help reduce questions on the forum. 3) There was almost no staff involvement in the forum. The responses were very far in between, which also made the forum discussions not as lively or exciting. I would have loved having the professor himself on the forum, or at least one of his assistants in the forum, sparking discussions, responding to threads etc. This was almost on existent. So in short, I would highly recommend the course due to its content! But I also feel that there are organisational improvements, which if made, would make this course a true 5 star course!
This was an excellent course! I have learned very much from this course, and many things which are applicable to everyday situations. The professor was very scientific, and I found none of the facts he chose to represent be swayed by his personal biases. Now, the only reason I choose to give this course a four star instead of five is due to some of the content inside the lectures. I was flashed a few times by almost nude women, and this caused me to need to scroll out of the view of the lecture multiple times. It annoyed me somewhat that these pictures were shown in something which was supposed to be solely educational. But, this is my only complaint about this course. Otherwise, this was a very informative course.
This was my first earnest attempt to learn theory behind why be behave who we behave. I am usually very interested in people, animals and cultures used to correlate what I observed and made my own analysis and interpretation.  Last, 8 weeks of structured learning guided by Steve Joordens helped bring all of of it together and answered many of my questions that I never asked anyone! He has tried and I think, has succeeded to provide a good introduction to guide learners like me to our next stage of learning, which for me personally will be know more about Cognitive Science and application in Education. I enjoyed learning!
The course material is interesting and easily understandable. Also, the professor is really engaging, and I loved the lectures. (P.S. He has a really dry sense of humour!). The tests are comprehensive and cover both memory and application of the concepts explained in the lectures. Also, the extra reading and video material is really cool!The peer-review assignment could have been handled a little better, I'm not sure everyone (including me) clearly understood the grading criteria while submitting and during the peer-review phase.All in all, definitely a course I recommend for a basic look into Psychology! :)
I liked this course. The lectures are really interesting and informative. I had no experience about psychology field before, but I had no problem during the course. Also, Professor Steve Joordens is a really good and experienced instructor. He has taught the lectures very well and tried to make them fun and interesting for us. I feel happy and grateful that I learned many valuable information. I definitely recommend it everyone who is interested in psychology. It gave me a good perspective and experience. I would like to thank professor Steve Joordens at first, and then my course friends !
4 stars because it was an engaging overview of a potentially huge volume of content, a reasonably meaningful assessment (Quizzes and assignment) and presented by an enthusiastic prof. (Thanks Steve).  5 stars if it was somehow more concerted.  I know its a 101 course, but i think establishing an enduring theme through the course might improve access to some meaningful context for the student to hang its concepts.  Also, a more focused review of the most influential psychologists (with timeline) would be a valuable addition.
I absolutely loved this course. It really is a great and thorough introduction to the fundamentals of Psychology and Psychological theory. Towards the end of the course, the lectures felt a bit material-heavy and rushed, in that there wasn't enough time anymore to cover it all so maybe it would be good to extend the course period. But aside from that, everything was great. Steve is a wonderful professor and his lectures were interesting and engaging. I would definitely recommend this course to others.
I really enjoyed this course. Professor Joordens is super knowledgeable and his interest in the subject is evident. The extra videos and resources were an added bonus. Some of the links were no longer working (copyright reasons, etc.), and I may be incorrect about this, but a couple questions on the final seemed to be about material that hadn't been covered (about parenting, I think?). Overall, great course, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking to explore the subject.
I enjoyed everything about this course. The lectures were snappy, engaging and informative. The topics moved quickly, but not so much that it skimmed. The resources don't always work (because the links are external) and the exams are misaligned, with questions on the Week 6 exam based on lectures from Week 7. This is a problem, and will reduce people's grades for sure, but this doesn't sway me from recommending this course.
It gave me a good overall foundation for future psychology courses and the content was interesting and properly-leveled. The only downsides were some outdated supplementary materials, a wonky interface for the final paper submission, and a plethora of unprofessional typos/misspellings (e.g. "agression" or "predjudice" or even the final exam had a misspelling in one of the answers "confindence" or something like that).
This course is an excellent choice for anyone seeking to gain an introduction to Psychology, The course is delivered with an emphasis on understanding and allows you to take in each topic ranging from Neurology to Mental Illness. I will highly recommend this course in the future. Professor Joordens is  excellent and does what it takes in his online video lectures so as you will take information and learn from it.
Never thought I could enjoy so much 12 weeks on psychology! Thanks to Steeve Joordens it was really easy to understand the various topics. I've learned so much and it gave me the hint to know more and to use this knowledge in my professional field. I have now enrolled for positive psychology course, and this introduction gave me a good base to keep on going further.... Thanks so much!
Thoroughly enjoyed the teaching style of this instructor. Would have preferred to continue future educating  with the same instructor.  The courses do account for time out of the education system. Ppl can also sign on at their convenience and the deadline reminders were a life saver. I have already signed up to continue moving forward, keeping an active brain and learning. Thrilled!
Last YearI received this course with Steve.I took the course for free and was very happy to do it again this year.I was a few points averaged under 70 but started right off the start on the Quiz with 45%.I stuck to the course for close to the year and wasn't too worried about my certificates! I’m looking forward for this years . Happy New Year’s course.gilbert
Fascinating topic and most of the classes were relevant, covering a large array of questions from the structure of the brain, to the explanation of childhood trauma. But having a very synthetic turn of mind, I would have liked to get shorter lessons, straight to the point (even if the teacher's style was really enjoyable and relaxing). Thank you teacher!
The lectures were engaging and relevant. I also appreciating the introduction to a multitude of theories and experiments. My only frustration was the lack of effort put in by classmates where the peer reviewed assignment was concerned. Many wrote nonsensical phrases such as "abcdef" and I felt that the peer review grading was lacking critical thought.
I really enjoyed this course - the professor was really animated and you could tell he really enjoyed teaching his subject. However, I wish there was more exploration of each topic. The prof. does give a whole host of resources at the end of each lecture with which one can explore however i feel as if the lecture was slightly time constrained.
Great course to get a rough delineation of the main concepts of psychology. The tutor is a good teacher, he's funny, knows his content well, and most importantly can bring it over in a simple but deep enough way (with clean powerpoint slides and meaningful extra material). Kudos to you Steve! Thank you very much to whoever worked on this. :)
The material is very easy to grasp for beginners. Moreover, the instructor presents in a way that always makes you curious and interested to learn more and, best of all, makes the presentation itself fun.The only problem is with the exams, which occasionally ask you questions on material not yet covered.
Very friendly approach & easy way of teaching made me more positive. Some PPTs were dark so that i couldn't focus well on letters but all other aspects were nice. Especially my Prof. Steve Joordans was very friendly. i miss his lecture a lot. Overall it was a wonderful experience. Thanks a lot.
A great starting point for whom need to learn about Psychology. but i think it will be better if video lectures contain more illustration and written items and short videos showing the experiments discussed in the lecture.Thank you for giving me such a great opportunity to learn more.Love you.
I find the course GREAT! A Game -changer, Relevant and Research-based, Engaging and Enriching, Awesome Professor and Thought-provoking lectures and discussionsGREAT! Thank you very much Professor Steeve Joordens, to Coursera and to our peers for this learning opportunity.
I found the course pretty engaging. I enjoy studying it and also feel encouraged to do some further study. However, the topics that are taught are not very holistic to me compared to some other basic psychology courses. Anyway, it's still a nice course to take :)
While registering for this course, I made a payment from the VISA Card with my wife's visa card. The name on it is Ibironke M Oguntuase.  Surprisingly , I cant find my certificate at the end of the course. Kindly check and do the needful urgently.
Course itself was perfect, materials were taught in a great way, both enriching and understandable.My only concerns are the practices and exams. It would be better if more practice questions were provided and exam answers were given to students.
I really enjoyed it, I learned a lot and it helped put into word the concepts I could only think about in my head and not translate. Really opened my eyes more to understand the world around me. I just wish the course had even more topics!
Great course! I enjoyed every second of it.  I think there some topic which can be a bit clearer. But the most improtant feedback is that you need to give the ability after a test to see what was the correct answer with an explaination.
Just enough information to be enough - doesn't go too much in depth, but not completely on the surface either.  Gives good examples. Always has additional resources for more information.  Professor has good sense of humor.  Canadian!
Realy enjoyed the course dynamics.I did audit this course but i did get a good feel of it. I do understand there is another course with the professer on feb.5.I would to do this course again and see if I can get a good feel of it.
its good but i need something more advanced , more questions and answers , more articles , more videos.and also it needs Arabic subtitles .but i am so grateful to the work you have done to spread something valuable like this
This course is actually quite helpful even if you've no prior knowledge about psychology. If you know a bit of it like me, then it's really good to brush up your basics and fill yourself up with trivia and fun facts!
I enjoyed the lessons with Steve Joordens, I could relate to his sense of humour. I could tell he wanted to share more but there was a time limitation. Some of the links were broken though. Please update these
It is a good overview and introduction to psychology. Unfortunately the course has some outdated links and resources. With a slight update in some videos and sources, this course would be perfect.
it was quite an interesting course, the instructor was entertaining yet delivered the course intensively. i had a good time even though i felt some lectures could have been shorter. kudos!
Professor Joordens explain every topic with an inspiring passion. The examples he brings are interisting. I'm not giving 5 stars because this course could use a few update on some topics.
I continue to enjoy Psychology Dr. Joirdens is one awesome and cool prifessir. I niw have a better understanding functioning in that 3 lb wrinkled mass sitting inside the cranium vault.
At the beginning it was kind of hard cause there was a lot of history and concepts; but as moves forward it gets more and more interesting. I end up switched with spychology!
Great course, very interesting material, excellent presentation by the professor. One thing I would improve are exams & assignments - they could have been more challenging.
It is very informative and a great platform to learn about psychology and a very good way to realise and know how interested we are to follow this subject even furthur.
Some of the videos were extremely long. Its possible we lost interest midway those lectrues. However the course was extremely educated and highly positive
Excellent course, I really did learn a lot and in a very efficient manner. I wish I could meet Prof Joordens in a real class (meaning not an online one!).
I really enjoyed the course. Information were new and interesting, and Prof. Joordens has great teaching skills and a friendly attitude. Thank you.
It is such an awesome course.I have learned a lot about Psychology through this course which will  help me in my life and career.Thanks a lot .
The content is great but the links are outdated.The midterm was scheduled at the end of week 4 but it covered content taught in week 5.
the course was very enjoyable and I learnt a lot. The coursera app for iOS was diabolical before the update and only so-so afterwards,
Extremely well elaborated Course. Definitely fueled my interest for the subject. Professor was interactive and indeed spectacular.
I took this course with great pleasure. The professor explains well and is also pleasant to listen to and watch.
It is an excellent course. Perfect  explanation. Everyone who has interest must definitely pursue the course
Very engaging videos and animations, covered the field of psychology on a base level extremely effectively.
I have learnt so much by this course and I got psychological stats of a person can be known by this course
It's been interesting learning psychology. I got all I needed to know as I begin a career in psychology.
this is the first psychology course I've done and will probably be looking for more in the near future
The peer reviews should be reduced to 1 or 2 because it is taking a long time especially in 2019
It was a really interesting course, not too heavy going at all,  I feel much more informed now.
very good and in detailed introduction in psychology, provide me a guideline for uni course
The course itself is great, but a lot of the links they provide are dead.
Extremely engaging presentations (videos) with a passionate professor.
FACTS AND ROTE COULD HAVE EMPHASIZED ON PRACTICLE KNOWLEDGE ONLY
Good course overall, though some of the content was fragmented.
Very good course. Psychology a wonderful science, very useful
Grat course! Everything you need to know if you're a starter
Great course, really glad I got the chance to participate!
Content is good but length of each video is too long.
thank you for being our tourist guide prof.
I really loved the content of the course.
Lots of material with good presentation.
Very informative course.well explained!
this mooc is extremely helpful
Enjoying the course so far...
Insightful and fun
crisply defined
Professor Steve Joordens is beyond awesome!! He made the Introduction to Psychology MOOC both interesting and fun.  I would highly recommend this course to everyone.  I give it a five-star rating!
The teacher was amazing! I was so entertained with the material we were taught throughout the few months! Definitely recommend this course so anyone with curiosity to why we do what we do!
Would take it again! :) This was one of the most interesting courses that I ever took in my entire lifetime and one of the rare few where I truly enjoyed sitting through each lecture, wanting to study more and learn more. Dr. Joordens has a very engaging style and breaks down the concepts so beautifully! I have no background in psychology but after taking this course, I've started to take more courses in psychology although my professional experience is in a completely different field. I'd highly recommend this course to anyone who's interested in the workings of the mind and human behavior. I even re-visit some of the lessons sometimes! Great course and totally worth the time and effort!
I loved every minute of this course! Professor Joordens was very engaging and it was set at just the right pace. I'm  looking forward to my next course already! The discussion forums are very helpful.
I can't believe I'm finishing this course! I have to admit it was an amazing journey. This is a comprehensive introduction to psychology that covers lots of topics generally but gives you the tools and motivation for further analysis.When I started I thought psychology was just about why we do things, and I couldn't have been more wrong. This course has opened my eyes, now I understand lots of day to day situations and I'm  eager to keep learning. You'll explore lots of interesting experiments that exemplify different situations and helps you understand how experimentation works in the field these days and throughout history.Don't expect to be able to analize people and completely analize yourself. This course lets you grasp the concepts and enables you to think through in these situations. Developing, in this way, you critical thinking skills. Now it's up to you to decide wether to keep up with these remarkable lectures.Thanks Professor Joordens for this amazing time.Best regards,Sebastián, from Argentina
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Always wanted to understand a bit of psychology and this was a wonderful opportunity. Thankyou Coursera and Mr Steve Joordens for this enjoyable learning experience.
Dr. Steve creates a fun learning environment and is very relatable in his delivery. His approach to an online modality is very natural and engaging. I highly enjoyed the material and the approach.
The course was great and enhanced my knowledge on various topics. Especially the bystander effect , I was able to relate that in my country India, there have been many cases where nobody helped the victim and just stood around him/her down the road.Moreover, now I know how my  brain works. How conditioning takes place , how sleep affects our lives.Last but not the least, I would suggest this course to anyone who is curious.If you are curious this 12 week course is for you , it is not like any other psychology 101 course, it contains a lot of information which would be a great digest if ingested.
As a retired senior I have always wanted to take a Psychology course.  I am glad this was the course I chose.  The professor was great at explaining some very complicated concepts!
good course. suitable for starters. I learnt some basics and something interesting. I now can analyse some social events from the psychology point of view. I understand humanity a little bit better.
THE professor is excellent: charismatic, knows how to explain and put in context concepts, very professional, very articulate, high emotional individual, makes you love PSYCHOLOGY - he is the star. On the other hand the infrastructure lacks many things: a video on HOW TO SUBMIT, EVALUATE the assignement - many questions coming back on FORUMS - and all these would be solved by doing an explicit video about HOW TO  - all this should be integrated in week 1 ORIENTATION TO THE COURSE. Second posting a DIPLOMA/CERTIFICATE photo as example - would answer many questions on forums, pls also post this in THE WEEK 1 - ORIENTATION. Third, problems in QUIZ, the first and last quiz are asking questions about info that are NOT COVERED in the weeks the professor is explaining (ex. quiz 1 SHOULD cover the information covered between week 2-week 4, but it has questions about week  5 videos - this I found NOT acceptable). I saw and read many complaints on FORUMS about this - from my side I already repported to accesibility@courserahelp.zendesk.com.  Last but not least, the support from COURSERA was always quick and very professionnal, and I hope that all my ideas after readng and facing some problems will be solved very very soon. Thank you for this amazing course, thank you professor and I hope I will be a real student in Toronto soon when I will come back in Canada. THANK YOU and pls send my gratification to professor S. JOORDENS he deserves it.
The course is well structured, informative and updated. I enjoy all sections of the course as well as the humor of Prof (especially all lessons in the second haft of the course are brilliant). The extra topics of Week 11 & 12  are very useful. I found myself better learning from self reading, so the further video & reading articles are helpful to me. I usually, take further step to explore the related videos or articles. Unfortunately, some of the videos are not available (obviously, not anyone's fault) and some links was wrongly linked to other sites. Sometimes the links in ppt are wrong, sometimes the links in the flatform go wrongly. I understand that 30 minutes are not enough to cover each topics, so I will prefer to have other courses which provide a deeper investigation in each topics (or some keys topics) . It will be greater if these courses were linked to each others or recommended to learned who completed one of them. Last but not least, thank you very much for your informative course, especially to Prof. Steve for such a great job. Please keep up with your work. Best regard, Sunny
I loved the course it was so informative and fun at the same time. I definitely learned a lot and it helped me in my journey of career shifting.
Enjoyed all classes and learned a lot of things about our mysterious mind.
Having taken many courses online I found this one extremely high on coverage, quality of content and dedication of the faculty. The ""side-dish" and additional content showed Just how much of a natural teacher professor Joordens is. Having working in training delivery I have seen the effect on delivery of the dedicated and instinctive nature of the trainer.  The fact that Professor Joordens wears his expertise lightly, unlike most people who I have seen deliver talks and sometime when the said "expertise" merely involves a week of research to write an article for a newspaper, is really potent quality. My greatest respects are for people like you who further my strongly held value that all knowledge is a shared asset for us and not a resource to be restricted, exploited or traded. For someone who does not engage in social media I hope this message conveys my deepest regards for people involved in bringing to fruition this excellent course. Thank you.
It is the best course I have ever done in my life including my graduation subjects, post graduation subjects. it's simply awesome the way it has been taught, It has always been interesting never too long and boring at any point of time. he additional video, the informal conversation, the special connect Steve Sir made with us.(me), just amazing!! It has not taught psychology in a way- I would ever thing of teaching anyone anything. One slight thing that I found- would be useful is brief summary of the whole lecture. key points. (though it is something- I would like to do at my own, afterall there has to be some effort and contribution from student. My final words is a great Thank you and a hug to steve Sir, and thanks to Coursera. Superb!
Love the course and the way our techer let us know the concepts. Thank you.
Very Interesting course, fine material, leading to the next level...
Can you remember the feeling of the last class of your favourite course teacher? I got the same somberness in the last lecture of this course. In my MOOC journey, I'm feeling lucky where I've got the chance to complete Steve Joordens's phycology course. He is so brilliant, natural (obviously doesn't just read-out from slides like most of the MOOC teachers), and has a whimsical sense of humour. I've come to know a lot of theories, explanation and experiments. It's hard to state all the topics of 12 weeks course of almost 20h. I know it's a long course but I can assure you that it will give you a huge mind-blowing experience which you should take part in. N.B. I always feel cheerful after finishing any MOOC courses, but this one takes me to another level!
Decided to start on this course because I have always been interested to study about human behaviours and topics related to mental illness and etc. I really love how Professor Steve explains things in detail, makes the lessons fun using his jokes, gives fun examples and makes the lessons engaging. Professor Steve isn't like those people who teach for the sake of teaching and really wants to give us some of his knowledge. After taking this course, I have learnt so much about the different kind of topics in Psychology and it is so interesting and eye opening! Would definitely recommend this course to my friends. Thank you so much for this Professor Steve, would definitely take another course with you again!
Steve was a great instructor and made the class easy to follow. I highly enjoyed learning all of these topics on psychology and the history behind certain concepts and practices. My only complaint is that sometimes the links at the end of the videos were mixed up and some of the last questions on both exams I think we didn't learn about at all I believe. Overall this is a great course for anyone who would like to get a better grasp on psychology and learn a little about some of the many areas there are in this incredible field. Thank you Steve and the University of Toronto for making this possible and introducing so many people to psychology.
Thank you for this course! it has been one of the most satisfying and rewarding experiences I've had. It has been extremely thrilling to be Professor Joordens' student. He not only made it super easy to understand complex psychological concepts, but also made it fun and interesting. Please keep up the good work and don't stop teaching! You were born to be an educator. Thank you Coursera and the University of Toronto, it's incredible what you do for education, and it's amazing to think that you can reach people everywhere in the world. Here in Panama you'll have an always-thankful student ready to learn more! <3
Simply amazing, learnt a lot!  The course contents, the teaching, the extra material, the grading process were all wonderfully executed. I got to understand the vastness of psychology inspite of it being a young science and absorbed flavors of clinical, behavioral, social dimensions of psychology. Personally, I found that the Freudian approach gave a wonderful perspective on the conflicts in the mind. For people interested in this subject, this course is a wonderful introduction. Go for it! I am now looking for the next step after this course :) . Any connecting course on offer from Steve Joordens? :)
A very well done online course. The material flows nicely, easy to understand without a strong need for memorisation. Prof. Joordens presented the material in a very engaging manner. I looked forward to "go to class", to learn something new.The assignment is my first peer assignment. It was quite scary in the beginning but it was very satisfying upon completing it.Prof. Joordens please continue to make new online courses. Thank you very much for all your hard work, for the knowledge, and for the fun. Thank you Coursera for bringing in such high quality course.
Never have I ever willingly sat and followed course material for hours at a stretch. Professor Steve Joordens has an amazing way of teaching that is easy for beginners to understand and engages active learning. The course materials are concise and easy to follow; the external video and reading links are helpful at giving a well-rounded understanding of topics. I also want to highlight the Coursera learner support team who have been so incredibly supportive and prompt to help me throughout this course. Thank you all, I really enjoyed following this course!
This course was fantastic! Prof Joordens is extremely engaging and an excellent teacher. The entire course is perfectly set up for adult learning. The lectures are concise and stick to 1 topic per video. The topics are well organized and flow easily. And I really appreciated being able to download the power point, lecture video and scripts. Prof Joordens really captures your attention and gives you all the resources to delve deeply into numerous introductory psychological concepts. I'm thrilled to have completed this course! Thank you Prof Joordens
This course is really good and complete to understand what Psychology is about. Prof. Joordens covers psychology from biological to therapeutical aspects that will not only help you understand a topic of knowledge but actually understand your own behavior. The focus of this course is scientific so you'll get a sense not only of your brain but also of resources that can help you learn more after you finish the course. It's one of the course I'd recommend to everyone but especially to those who are considering it as a potential career.
Phenomenal! Absolutely loved it. Prof. Steve's expertise in the subject and his enthusiasm to teach comes through every course lecture. I think I'll enroll into any course Prof. Steve teaches. This is the first MOOC I've completed and judiciously studied for. I took notes, made mind maps, poured through all the additional resource because everything was so fascinating and I wanted to learn more. (Scoring well in the exams was just a lovely bonus.) Thank you for offering this educational, makes-you-think-about-thinking course.
Great choice if you're looking for an easy, fun introduction to exploring the brain.Really wonderful! Professor Steve Joordens is engaging and funny, and is honestly so excited about his subject that you invariably are too. The lectures are easy to grasp and provide a solid base for further learning. The course has a midterm, final, and project- none of which are too challenging. While I won't call this course amazingly informative, it does what it claims to- introduce you to psychology in a thorough and engaging manner.
An excellent course and definitely succeeds in what it does; introducing the field of Psychology to anyone interested, assuming no previous knowledge. Professor Joordens explains stuff very well in such a way that it is easy to grasp and even for more difficult and tricky concepts, follow-up resources are provided to fill any gaps and to reinforce what is learned. It was a great ride, full of fascinating topics and I've definitely gained much knowledge from it! Thank you so much for this course Professor Joordens!
This course is incredible. I just love professor Steve Joordens. His has pure excellence in teaching. The way he explain things in detail is on top. For a person who has zero knowledge in psychology, can easily adapt to his teaching method and easily learn about psychology. Well done to all the team. Keep up with more good stuff. Am really looking forward for further courses by professor Steve Joordens. May God Blesses him and entire team of introduction to psychology by University of Toronto!
You can really see that professor Steve Joorderns has a passion for teaching and it shows in every single class video of this course, every time you finish a video it leaves you hungry to learn more, and curious to keep searching about each topic you see, you can say that he transfers a bit of the passion that he feels for psychology. I can't recommend more this course with Steve, if you are already interested in Psychology you will fell in love with it again and again during this course.
I loved this course!  Prof Steve Joordan's was EXCELLENT!!  As an ex-pat Canadian, I loved the Cdn accent and references!  In all seriousness, this course has been a wonderful introduction to psychology with a rich exposure to many concepts within the discipline.  I took the course as a tester to see if pursuing a career in psychology might be on the cards for me.  After taking the course, I feel confident that the Psychology pathway will be the right next step in my career progression.
I am glad to have completed this course. It has not only introduced me to the world of psychology but has given me a new dimension to see the world itself. It has opened up the doors of my thinking capacity and abilities. It has been a real joy to attend the videos of Professor Steve Joorden and would request him to bring up more advanced course than this one and lead the interested students to completing their post graduation (Masters degree) in it. Thank you so much Steve sir.
I started this course without having any knowledge about Psychology, but the professor was very talented and intelligent, he has the way to explain difficult things (such as brain system) in a very good way and I can understand this quite well. After I finished the course, I can understand my life and peoples mind better and I have more confidence to take another Psychology class in advance. I have a good feeling every time I attend the class. Thank you very much.
It was a really good course. Into a relatively short span of time the course instructor managed to put a lot of interesting subjects. I would even take psychology II if I could. And for me it's very important that this course was interesting, so even if the lectures went over 10-15 minutes, they never seemed to be slow. I definitely would like to see more courses like this on the subject of psychology. And thank you for anyone and everyone involved with it.
This is one great course. I would recommend it 100%. You needn't necessarily take this course for a professional benefit, the syllabus is coherent and thorough, easy, and interesting. You never feel the burden of learning at any point. Professor Steve is amazing and so cool. He is extremely knowledgeable and at the same time, funny. Follow up properly on the topics and do every extra reading the professor suggests,...you would not regret taking this one.
Really great course to start the journey into the world of psychology. Professor provides clear information in an interesting and engaging form. Plus, in contrast to some other courses with 4 or 5 weeks of few lectures, here you get 8 weeks with 7-9 lectures in each. I really enjoyed it! And will definitely wait for the next one, in order to go along with the course and purchase a certificate (I found out about this course too late to finish it in time).
An amazing and enjoyable course by Prof. Joordens. In my opinion, his ability to tell incredible stories while teaching new concepts was the best feature of the course. I also liked his authentic personality and his unbiased way of talking about any psychological and social concept. In summary, the course covers a wide range of psychological ideas and they're well complemented by the extra material given at the end of each lecture. Utterly recommended!
Thank you for the great experience. The course provides an excellent survey of the psychology discipline. I thoroughly enjoyed the lectures, quizzes, and written assignment. The written assignment made the course "real". I had to understand the concept and apply it to the world around me. It provided a good taste of university course.
Prof. Steve is one of the best instructors I have ever come across. He takes an enormous amount of effort to help us understand the topics. He really wants us to learn as best as we can. It was a sheer privilege to have been under his tutelage during this online course. Thank you very much, professor. The course content is also adequate. I learned a lot of things I'd never have got to know on my own. One topic of my personal interest which was not covered was 'psychology and the workplace'. Anyway, I'm very happy I enrolled and completed this course!
Excellent Course. Prof Joordens has an amazingly engaging personality and he keeps the lectures fun and personal. I have never met him and at the end when he was saying good-byes I felt as if I am really saying good bye to someone I know in real life. The course content is extremely well structured, extensive amount of external extra information/ readings is provided and and he provides a lot of examples to explain the psychology concepts.Overall FANTASTIC COURSE. Cant wait for more courses from this team
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. Prof. Steve Joordens' style of teaching is very captivating.  He makes the process of learning, a kind of fun activity. He helps the learners to understand the concepts, with the examples, which are easy to relate to. He also helps the learners to expand their horizon through excellent reference links. Thank you Prof. Steve. And, thank you Team Coursera, for providing such a wonderful learning experience through a wonderful teacher!
The course was very in depth and varied. Lots of topics were addressed, accompanied by plenty of material to view and/or read. I really liked the essay assignment of week 10, it really gave me the feeling I had to work hard and get out there and present my obtained knowledge. I didn't expect this from an online course, and to me this is a big plus! Also, great job by professor Joordens! Can you say "about" one more time with that Canadian accent? :-)
Professor Steve Joordens has been one of the most influential professors I have met until now. This course cemented my love for psychology and I could also look at the basic concepts of psychology with a unique perspective as professor helped me understand it better with relatable and relevant examples and events. Overall, I would recommend this course to anyone even remotely interested in psychology as by the end of it, you will surely love it.
This a fascinating course! This course one of the best online courses I've ever taken. Prof. Joordens is amazing, the way he presents and explains the topic really impressed me. The course is well structured, each lecture is supported by additional links to videos and readings.  I really enjoyed the course, every week i learned new things, got understanding why people behave in a certain way and found answers to many questions i had. Thank you!
I would really like to appreciate the effort of Professor Steve Joordens in making this MOOC , I have been a long time seeking a comprehensive introduction to psychology via books or internet but never had the big picture that this course has given me, from here I can dig deeper on selected concepts.Really  recommend it and thanks to Coursera, University of Toronto Scarborough and all the people participating in discussions and rating essays!
The professor or guide is one of the best teacher I have ever seen, he makes every this real easy to understand and the best part is that he not only teaches but shows you how the theory really works in the real life. It is evident that professor Steve Joordens is passionate about his teaching and is very knowledgeable. The quality of content and material in this course shows that prof has really worked hard for creating this lecture series.
This is my first ever course in Coursera and it was honestly a fascinating experience. Steve Joordens taught me so much, I hadn't even learned all this in my college. He explained some deep and dark points but somehow managed to make me smile in every lecture. I have been listening and seeing him for almost 9-10 weeks now and I already miss him! I really hope he comes up with more psychological courses. Thank you for everything sir.  :)
Prof Steve Joordens' course was really interestingly structured. Right from the history of psychology, to neuroscience, to some of the most radical experiments...it kept my interest going. Steve was also easy going and not pedantic. He had a sense of humour. I loved the course and recommended it to others who have taken it too. In fact, because of this course I have gone ahead and signed up with other psychology courses with Coursera.
In this course, psychology has been taught in a very lucid manner by Prof. Steve Joordens. I have enrolled for this course as am preparing for one of the toughest exams in India (UPSC CSE), and have opted Psychology as my optional subject. Prof. Joordens' style of teaching has simplified the subject topics and made it more interesting for students like us who have no formal academic background in Psychology. Thank you Sir.Best Wishes.
Steve Joordens is an amazing professor and offered much more than a standard, although comprehensive, curriculum.  The way in which he so intimately involved himself with the students was incredibly impressive and an effective teaching strategy in better engaging interest.  I enjoyed this MOOC so much I will be keeping an eye out for any public lectures Joordens may be giving in Toronto, where I live.  Without doubt, a 5 star course!
Extremely informative. The course is structured and well organised. Explanation is given in a simple language and is easy to understand. I did not know much about psychology but doing this course has increased my knowledge as well as confidence to learn more. The extra readings at the end of each lesson is very useful as well. Thank you so much for this course Professor Joordens. One of the best courses available on psychology.
Excelent course and exceptional teacher! The classes are very interesting and dynamic. I learned a lot of topics of psychology and how to apply them in daily life. Steve is clear at explaining complex concepts and gave lots of examples and experiments from around the world. This course gave me a better perspective of this area and make me aware of how can I make the difference and how can I help people. Totally recommended!
Amazing course.  These lectures are interesting, thought-provoking and informative.  Prof Joordens has an infectious love for this topic that really comes across in his lectures.  The balance of lecture to supplementary material is good, and most of the time if there is a broken link there are some good replacements in the forums.  Thank you Prof Joordens, University of Toronto and Coursera for making this course available!
Prof. Joordens, thank you so much for this course, it has changed my perspective and view of myself, others and the world. So much, that I was starting to ask myself:The way Prof. Joordens communicates these concepts throughout the course and makes it relatable is so inspiring and insightful. We should strive to educate ourselves and our children with a basic understanding of how our thoughts, emotions and behaviours work.
Loved it! Very interesting, covers a good spread of topics for those who have not completed any academic study in this field. The lecturer's genuine love for psychology is clear, and this can make all the difference. After spending a few miserable years in engineering and discovering a love for psychology in my spare time, this has been the final nail in the coffin to make an enormous change of life direction. Thank you!
Short (on the whole !) videos delivered with enthusiasm and insight by Prof Joordens. Very easy to listen to and he has a good ability to communicate complicated info to new learners. The pace of the course is good, I was motivated to keep going over a number of weeks and was very interested in the variety of topics that are covered. The 2 x tests are good for helping you understand and check your progress. Recommended.
this course is very interesting that i may try to find other options that involve psychology that actually might help me with other things that i might want to do in the future into a career that would be in the best interest for my financial needs and future enjoyment of the future that i plan to make in the next few years i thank you for this very enjoyable course and i am going to do more resource into this class.
It's a Fantastic course. I've never been so eager to learn something. And I already have 17 years of schooling. Have had a formal university education in 2 different countries and even attended some Master courses. I recommend this course to anyone, even if you're not interested in Psychology. Steve Joordens is an amazing Professor! I still can't believe technology can provide such high quality education for free.
Thoroughly enjoyed this broad introduction to the field of psychology. The professor does not merely read from a prepared script (as in many other of these online video classes), but speaks in an open natural way so it feels more like you are really in a college class listening to a lecture. I hope he decides to offer more classes via Coursera to explore some of the areas introduced in this MOOC in greater depth.
Excellent course, feels like a roller-coaster ride at times, great tutor, interesting topics, it helps if you have time and motivation to read a bit on extra on the various subjects because the format cannot give justice to the various topics, yet Steve did an amazing job in selecting good topics, explaining them well, and putting them in a perspective. I enjoyed myself tremendously and recommend this to anyone!
Prof Joordens really knows his stuff and has an amazing talent for explaining all sorts of different psychological concepts in a clear manner that's easy to understand. I can only wish all my university lecturers were like him! Even though the majority of the course was presented through simple Powerpoint slides, I found myself constantly engaged and fascinated by what he says. I think this speaks for itself!
If all courses are lead by such a talented lectured, I would me a walking genius. His enthusiasm is addictive. He definitely has not only knowledge but also a talent to share it. I always like the psychology, but now I know it can be so much pleasure to  study it. and i finally know all my brain parts! :)I encourage all that hesitate to skip the history part and go directly to further lectures - so worth it!
Professor Joordens was excellent and made the course very interesting by including many real life cases and papers and reference videos related to the topic mentioned in the slide. The quizzes helped to remember and recollect the information taught and the peer graded essay was engaging as well. Overall, a great introductory course for anyone who wants to venture into the interesting subject of psychology!
The most amazing Psychology course for beginners. I wanted to get an in-depth, professional look at the field as I'm planning on studying it in detail, and I got a lot more than a sneak peak, but an actual course with tons of really interesting and informative information, teached by a great professor that made me fall for the Study of the Mind. Each and every one of us should take on this course! Thanks!
Special hand folded thanks to  Prof Steve Joordens for  this opportunity  of experiencing such a wonderful  online course on psychology . Felt so connected to him throughout. Truly have gained so much knowledge from this course.  I would like to go for a formal certification too  as it would help me in future to take this learning forward in my career in this field Thanks againYogesh NaikGoa, India
This course and the content of the course was so educational and cool. I am really happy that I have completed the course. I am a student of Economics discipline and I really find the behavioral aspect of humans very intriguing and fascinating. I wanna thank our instructor Steve because he made the content very clear to me and for making the videos fun to learn. I wish him a happy and healthy life.
It was a very good course, we learned various amount of stuff on brain, psychology, etc, basically everything that its required if one wants to do future course on any type of psychology or if one wants to have knowledge on psychology in general. The lecturer made the course fun, had a good sense of humor and we didn't got bored and also everything was set very well and interesting and overall fun.
A wonderful introduction to the study of psychology, from an excellent lecturer.  Hoping everyone gains personally from the experience and shares their knowledge with family, friends and their community.  We are lucky to be part of this global learning platform. Eventually, there will be peace on earth and it comes from understanding and respecting others in society.  Keep positive and motivated.
I didn't expect this much of experience in this course, fabulous and Awesome . No words.As well "The Best teacher" who explains and give us more knowledge about the particular topics in 15 - 20 minutes. I hope who are interested in psychology should attend this class once from their study time.it would be amazing. “Excellent sessions! Provided very valuable information for my life and my career”
This is an ultimately comprehensive course for anybody who wants to get introduced to psychology and the basic scientific approach to psychological thoughts. It includes all the basic and important experiments and concepts to study. The best thing about this course is that it is taught by Dr Steve Jordeens who is a prolific professor in the department of psychology in the University of Toronto.
lucid presentation, beautiful examples, simple way of communication and expertise in teaching made this course great.Thanks to coursera as well for making this course possible and more importantly  reaching it to an ordinary person like me who is not a native english speaker living  a remote village in India.Thank you professor.Thank you Coursera.Look forword for next course from Prof Jordan.
I enjoyed doing this course. What made it interesting was that the videos were easy to understand and you could replay if you missed something. Thank You Professor Steve Joodens. Excellent job!! You made learning fun and easy and I just wanted to keep going. I did and was able to finish before the due date. Thank you COURSERA for the opportunity. I have already registered for my next course.
I was studying in Bachelors of Engg and my college gave us free subscriptions to the coursera to enroll for free courses and I found this one in the beginning, I thought it could be difficulty for me to get through this subject but the prof. Steve Jorden taught was really good and understandable, and though it was free for me but it was worth for paid ones too and recommended to my friends
Very interesting, good to follow - even for non-native speakers. I especially liked the many different examples and experiments that made it easy to understand the effects on our every day life. Of course, I am not an expert, but I feel that I got a good overview of psychology. So for me as an engineer, it was a very enlightening excursus into a new topic. Thank you, Prof. Steve Joordens!
Excellent introduction to Psychology. The narrative is very engaging. Enjoyed every lecture in this course.  It is structured so well and presented with excellent clarity that it makes extremely easy to assimilate the knowledge being imparted. The course content is highly recommended.  Gives you a good insight into the way our minds work and explains a lot of things that we see around us.
I absolutely loved every second of this course. Steve really has been a great tutor throughout the course, and really managed to kindle my interest in his field of work. The lectures are short and sweet and contain a lot more information than I would have even thought possible. I'd recomend this course to anyone who wants to learn a bit about what makes them think and act the way they do.
I really loved this course. It was extremely interesting, Professor Joordens presentation was lively and his enthusiasm was so contagious, it pulled me along even when I was tired and rushed. The course content was stimulating and challenging, providing a very complete introduction - a great place to start. I would love to follow more courses by him and his team. Many thanks indeed.
I've given this course five stars because I've conformed to the masses and was told to rate with five stars...Nah! Seriously though, I would recommend this course to anybody. It is brilliant and Steve Joordens explains things amazingly, the best way that somebody who is 6'3" tall can do! :)Fantastic course. Hope there's a follow-up/advanced course as I'd be more than interested.
Professor Joordens made this course an experience that enriched my days and my mind. Can't tell how much I've learned about the human mind and behaviour even not been graduated in related areas. His  way/method of explaining and his passion for Psychology made the difference and made this course an amazing experience. I'm excited for the next ones! Thanks professor Joordens!
The framework of the course is fantastic. I really appreciate the efforts put across for hand-picking the topics and sub-topics. Professor Steve is an excellent teacher and his virtual online classes felt no lesser than live classes. Thank you for creating this course and implementing it beautifully, which was easy to understand and connect with, even for starters like me.
I liked Prof.Joordan’s  representations and his friendly personality. In times of COVID-19, I looked forward to my daily “ sessions” with him. It’s a very intense course with many topics to cover but all of them are interesting. Wished the course would have Continued another 12 weeks...so,interesting and he presented it entertaining. Thank you for that an excellent course
It is a great course, with a great professor. The explanations are incredibly well given, the professor makes everything to us to understand his lessons, and gives links for more information, which are always valid and help us understand the issues with another vision, it isn't just the professor's opinions we get. I really loved this course! Cognitive Cannibal forever!!!
Exceptional. Jordan is a great teacher, really talented and incredibly didactic. He exemplifies really well every concept and the course is a useful Introduction to Psychology. Lectures are 20 mins long, so you need to be really passionate about psychology and learning because otherwise it will be boring for you. Commitment is required, it's not an easy course nor short.
Thank you, Dr Steve Joordens for a wonderful experience and the  warmth of your teaching. I did learn things and am hooked on learning more.  The course is well structured and doing the final assignment and reviewing peer assignments, was a great way to consolidate the learning. I hope you do "mount" another course or two in the future. I for one will be eager to enrol.
Professor Steve Joordens finds a way to teach psychology in a very interesting and captivating manner. This course covers a variety of concepts thoroughly considering there is a time limit for each topic. I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning about humans, social interactions, the science behind the brain and psychological experiments.
This course kept (still keeping) my attention and interest, because the way it was given by Steve Jordan, very clear, scientific and very funny. He makes it easier to understand. It's a lot of information, but it triggers you to do your own research on the internet and books. I'm enjoying this course and it was never boring. Thank you for your teaching skill, Steve.
I really enjoyed the course has been entertaining and entertaining with many practical examples to understand the psychological concepts.
The course has given me more knowledge to practice in my life and work, because I work in human resources and the psychological perspective is very important.
Steve Joordens is a great teacher, he has made this course a great job.
It's a great course! I would highly recommend it to those who are interested in psychology but don't have any background. The curriculum itself is very well
designed. Professor Steve is inspirational and fun. I like his teaching style very much.  What I learned from the course is not just psychology theories and researches but also interesting practical knowledge.
Prof Joordens is extremely good at relaying concepts and making them stick. What's more, he's got a sense of humour, too! I loved everything about the course: the pace, the content, and the instructor. Thank you so much, Coursera, for making it available. Truly grateful to every single person involved in this, even the peers who reviewed the papers. Thank you.
What a great course I have ever found.....Thanks to the masterclass instructor who first builds your basics about functioning of brain and then taking you into the journey of psychology.....I am really fascinating from all those number of experiments that Prof has showed..One of my best decision ever make to take this course. Thumbs Up..............Guys .....!
Amazing!!This is my second time taking this course, it's loaded with information and it introduces all the branches of psychology really effectively. Prof. Steve Joordens is wonderful! he's so passionate about what he does, and no one can get bored from listening to his lectures.Thank you Prof.Steve and thank you coursera for giving us this great opportunity!
A thorough Psychology introduction, from backgrounds, to nowadays with stops in all key topics (Psychology main branches and fields, biological explanations related to Psychology, Social Psychology, memory, mental illness, etc.) explained by Prof. Steve Joordens with real passion, a truly great communicator, with a deep  knowledge of all topics in the course.
Immense powerful, the most powerful course i have taken so far in coursera. Thanks to Prof Steve for putting so much effort to put so much meaningful content in precise manner and articulate the same in this course. i strongly suggest anyone who is interested in the science of mind behavior or in general psychology should take up this course as a first step.
Wonderful course! Every opportunity to go above and beyond in this course is provided and encouraged through Professor Joordens' intriguing and inclusive teaching style. He is one of the most wonderful online teachers I have ever had, and really goes out of his way to make the course interesting and fun while still being down to earth and easy to understand.
An excellent course! A very useful and thorough introduction to the psychology field, I am left feeling inspired to learn more. Professor Steve Joordens is inspirational and fun to follow. Only criticism I have is that there were some administrative issues, for example the mid-term test covering topics of 5 weeks, while the test was set in week 4.
Steve is very knowledgeable and explained the course material well.  I thought his videos were great and liked that he added some personal touches (and mentioned Canada when he could, yay Canada!).  Very interesting subject...I'd like to look into more psychology courses.  Thank you for making this a wonderful experience!  I look forward to more.
This is a really helpful and interesting course. I learnt a lot about psychology and different concept. Thank you, Prof. Steven, for conducting the course and prepared for the course material. He is entertaining tho LOL I still remembered he put a recipe for relevance reference just because he mentioned it once. Highly recommend for the course.
Professor Steve Joorden's was a pleasure to have as our lecturer in this introduction to psychology. The course has introduced me to previously unfamiliar psychological concepts which has broadened my understanding of the mechanics of the human mind, and social psychology especially. Thank you Coursera and Prof. Joordens for this great course.
A good course. suitable for starters. I came from a non-psychology related background and I learnt some basics of psychology, how this area of studies came about and now I can analyse some social events from the psychology point of view. I can safely claimed that I understand humanity now, a little bit better than before I took up the course.
The course gives a good high level view of different aspects of psychology. Professor Steve truly infuses a positive energy into the entire experience. I do not have any formal psychology education. The course help me establish some fundamentals. I would surely recommend this course to the beginners. Hope to see an advanced level of the same.
lots of useful knowledge given in a fun and casual way. The lecturer Steve is good, funny and cool. And I love his lectures on kids development for parents as I am a parent of a toddler myself, and I agreed totally with what he said. This course helps you to be aware of the psychological aspect in everyday situations which is cool and usual.
Wonderful course, wonderful instructor. All the lectures are interesting, relevant, and explained very well. The outside resources (some i could not access because they had been taken down, or the links provided didn't work) were brilliant and very helpful as well. Prof. Joordens should now start a more advanced course on psychology as well.
This course kept me interested all the way. It was pleasurable to take it. I was hooked. I was moving from a lesson to the other wanting to know more and more. Now that it is over I feel empowered with knowledge, but I also feel I want more. I highly recommend it. Many Thanks to Steve Joordens who made it accessible and easy to understand.
I love this course ! The professor is very clear in what he is explaining and he makes it very interesting. I definitely learned a lot through this course, and hope to find other courses taught by Steve Joordens. I definitely recommend this course to any beginner in Psychology, or anyone hoping to brush up on some knowledge on the subject.
It was really a great informative course. i had great fun learning from prof steve. it certainly perceive world in a different way now thanks to this course. i  started this course just for fun purpose but it turned out to be really helpful so i decided to stick to the end.once again a big thanks to prof steve and coursera for this course.
I absolutely enjoyed taking this course! Professor Steve Joordens did an incredible job explaining the course material and providing additional reading materials to extend my knowledge thoroughly. I can see his teachings are coming so much by heart that i always find myself excited throughout the course for the next lecture. Thanks Steve.
It was my very 1st Coursera study and I was so much benefitted by the skills learnt by it. Professor Steve is an awesome person to deliver the lecture, his words kept me bounded to the course as a student and also helped me practice the skills in my daily life.Thanks a bunch to the team Coursera and My Professor Steve Joordans.Salima Aziz
An accessible, fun course, covering a wide range of topics in the field of Psychology. The content was taught in a very clear and professional, yet light-hearted manner (kudos to prof. Joordens!) I would recommend the course to beginner-to-intermediate level psychology-lovers who would like to deepen their knowledge and gain some insight.
This was such a comprehensive and compact Cporse encompassing the basics of Psychology. The lecturer, Steve Jorordens did a remarkable job in introducing and touching up on the most important topics and going through them in a very interesting and enjoyable way. The further references and the little life tips given were extremely useful.
Very good course, very comprehensive, well structured and documented, very useful knowledge and resources. It was a real pleasure to follow the course lesson by lesson. And this is mainly the merit of the wonderful professor who is not only knowledgeable but also very dedicated and funny! Thank you very much for this learning experience!
The concepts of psychology are well explained by Prof. Steve Joordens. very practical examples and easy to understand. I think this course should be taken by all individuals, despite their profession. This course has really changed the way I look at things in life and has generated a larger interest to explore more in psychology.
I loved the way sir used to teach...  In the beginning I thought psychology is very difficult  and thought the journey is gonna be tough... After subsequent lectures I started enjoying learning... All credit goes to sir for coming up with interesting topics and explaining every topic in a crisp and clear manner.  Hats off to sir
It was an amazing course, so much interesting to learn even from the smallest of the changes happening around. It was beautiful the way Prof. Steve Joordens taught, his usage of examples made things about psychology so easy to understand and relate to even for someone like me who is typically from engineering background. Cheers.
The course is excellent! The professor is great, the didactics are perfect and it allows a lot of learning! The courses available at Coursera always impress me!_____________O curso é excelente! O professor é ótimo, a didática é perfeita e possibilita muita aprendizagem! Os cursos disponíveis no Coursera sempre me impressionam!
The course was very interesting. The way Prof. explained the themes was great, he made everything easy and accessible, even for someone like me that did not have any confidence with the field of study. Furthermore, the whole course was very well-structured and allow me to be prepared and motivated for every new lesson. Thanks.
Loved this course.  I felt like I was in class with Dr. Joordens.  He is a great lecturer and relates things to real life.  I am teaching Psychology at the high school level, and this gave me so many new ideas and a great outline for how and what to teach.  I truly enjoyed being in the class.  Can't wait to take another one!
I would recommend this course to everyone who is interested in Psychology and doesn't know where to start. Very well put together. Got me excited throughout the end of last lecture, learned lot of cool concepts. Whats more to say other than huge thanks to Prof. Steve Joordens and all the people who made this MOOC possible !
Steve Joordens is a really likeable and engaging professor who presents the course material in a way that is easy to digest but doesn't feel rushed. Would recommend the course to anyone who is interested in psychology or thinking of exploring a career change and would like to have a base knowledge of its different fields.
I really enjoyed this course and particularly Steve's obvious enthusiasm for his subject matter. I appreciate the deadline extension since work has been so busy for me which pulled focus as well as the many additional reading and reference recommendations. Some of the links didn't work, but overall, the content was great.
This is probably, one of the best fundamental courses on Coursera. I think every student who is interested in psychology or areas relating to it must take this course. Prof. Joordens have mixed a proportionate amount of case studies and theoretical concepts to make the learning experience an informative and engaging one.
It was an excellent high level overview of psychology.  I highly recommend this course for anyone looking to better understand how the brain works and why we do the things we do. So far I've taken two additional courses relating to Psychology and both do not compare to the academic level that this course provides
Brilliant course, covered the entire gamut of Psychology, from the rudiments till developments into this century , including the effect of mind-altering drugs about which one should be circumspect. Many thanks to Professor Steve Joordens to make what is generally viewed as a "dry" subject, interesting throughout.
This course has been absolutely amazing. Prof. Joordens with his captivating lectures guides us through different aspects of psychology. Although the first two weeks were confusing because not all the links are accessible, but I had no problem with the professors lecture and I enjoyed every bit of it. Thank you.
Amazing Course with Excellent Faculty!Professor Steve teaches an outstanding introduction to psychology  which breaks down the multifaceted field and presents a plethora of aspects to satiate the desire for an idea of the subject but also ignites a curiosity to explore more in almost every aspect of the field.
This is a truly amazing course! With Mr Joordens clear explanation and detailed classes, it allows me to learn more about psychology and it made me realised that psychology is actually an interesting subject to learn! Thank you Mr Joordens for this excellent course and for teaching us in this past few months!
I truly loved the course for several reasons:The topics were very relevant to me. Exactly what I expected to learn.The professor is funny, the videos are enjoyable and entertaining. I didn't have the impression to learn nor felt I bored.If you are interested in psychology, this is a great way to start with!
Prof Steve Joordens is very knowledgeable and a good communicator. This course covers the various interesting areas of psychology and gives a good taster / overview of the different specialisations. Learnt a lot of things that I always wanted to know about and more... Highly recommend - really enjoyed it!
This course gave me an open mind to think about issues. To view problems from a different perspective. There were days I couldn't stop learning and reading psychology lessons. Steve sir is one of the best instructors I have ever had. Thank you coursera for this opportunity. I promise I will keep learning.
Prof. Joordens is highly inspiring, motivated and well prepared. While doing a PhD, the amount of time available for online courses is not a lot, however, it was a pleasure to spend part of my free time in learning Introduction to psychology. I am looking forward to follow-up courses by Prof. Joordens.
A very informational and fun course for those who want to learn more about psychology. It also opens up your mind to a new view of everything around you as the psychological theories you learn can be applied to everyday life. It's a great way to ease yourself into a diverse and interesting new subject.
It was a wonderful course. I will be eventually pursuing a full psychology degree because of Professor Steve Joordens class. He did a splendid job at explaining the different concepts while relating them to every day life and being entertaining to boot. Excellent course! Two thumbs up for Coursera!
Steve Joordens' series of lectures certainly makes the journey quite enjoyable and insightful. The course covers a wide range of subjects from the historical to the biological until the practical uses of psychology and even some abstract aspects of human behavior. Very complete and dynamic course.
This course by Prof. Steve Joordens gives a very good insight into psychology. Once you have accustomed to his humor, the classes are very enjoyable and informative. He also did the extra mile and offered additional videos. Thanks to the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation for financing this course.
Highly recommended! This course includes many interesting parts in psychology and professor Steve Joordens doesn't make things too difficult too understand.  PS: I would suggest you guys take some notes during the course so that it can help recall something when you are taking mid & final exams).
A wonderful psychology course! Steve (the lecturer) did an amazing job of teaching all the different sides of psychology in fun and captivating way and it was great that each lecture was short and sweet. It was easy to follow and really really interesting. Genuinely enjoyed this course a lot! :)
Steve Joordens made the basics of human and social psychology so appealing. He was a great instructor and I have learned a lot in the past few weeks. Thanks to him, now I understand or at least try to understand the why after identifying the what and it really changed my perception of the world.
It is a great door-way into the world of Psychology, and has piqued my interest to dive deeper into this subject. I have been a fan of psychology and its role in criminal investigations, and thus stumbled upon this course to quench my curiosity. The course has been a great addition into my life.
Absolutely fantastic course. I will miss it actually. Great, great lectures and fun too (this professor is just great, funny and makes it easy to learn and remember... it's probably because he knows about what works! :)) Also so intresting topics. Covers many areas. Don't hesitate on this MOOC!
The professor is the best! His ways of teaching encouraged me a lot because he used not only theory but also practice in his lectures. He is very excited about this subject himself, it's obvious, and this is a great advantage! Thank you so much for amazing knowledge!  You're a talented person!
Excellent course! Steve Joorden is a peach of a man! Look forward to more MOOCs from you, Steve! Very neatly and concisely explained topics. I had absolutely no knowledge before enrolling, so I can vouch for anyone who is interested in applying for this course, but has no prior understanding.
I am pretty interested in biology and psychology, but I did not study them in school. This course provided some fun since I got to learn about something that I have a curiosity for. As the course was simple and easy to follow without any prerequisites, it did not seem burdensome. Thank You.
An excellent overview and introduction to the world of Psychology. This course covers a huge amount, but Steve is an excellent presenter and he makes the subjects interesting and easy to follow. This has really taught me a lot and has given me a real drive to learn much more. Thanks Steve!
Professor Mr Steve Joordens creates a fun learning environment and his approach to an online modality is very natural and engaging. Ηis cognitive background is excellent! I found this course very informational and insightful and I recommend it to everyone with an interest in psychology.
Excellent opportunity to learn about basic concepts of psychology especially if you are from different academic backgrounds and nevertheless you have an interest to the topic. It is very comprehensive from the variety of the topic. Take it seriously you'll learn a lot which you can us
A fantastic course! Prof. Joorden's passion about the subject is contagious! The course is organized very well in terms of topics covered and presentation. Thank you, Prof. Joordens for a really interesting and educational course! I learned a ton and thoroughly enjoyed every lesson!
This course totally simplifies psychology and makes it intersting even more. Prof. Jordeens is just too friendly and a likable person. he's a good example of what psychology does to people :). i was honoured to be he's student and i would definitely jump at a chance like this again.
This is one of the most vivid,detailed and interesting courses I have come across Coursera. Dr Steve Joordens have done a fantastic job to present the course. If you have a gut for psychology and you don't know where to start from this is the course for you.I highly recommend it.
Steve Joordens is a master in making the course interesting and knowledgeable.  If there are other courses by him for the next level I would definitely join in. I have recommended  this course to a number of people interested in Psychology. Looking forward to more.RegardsDeeksha
This is a terrific overview of psychology with a top-notch professor who knows how to deliver content in an interesting and enjoyable way for online learning. Professor Joorden is wonderful. Clearly, he is passionate about psychology. I would love to take another class from him.
The course was really amazing. I am really changed after it. And i think for me it will be a start to the Physiologic live not the end, even it is not my career. I would like to thank every one did a work in this course. and also to Coursera platform which help us to integrate.
Amazing and fruitful course from coursera as it helped me developed quite a knowledge to psychology and the way I see the world has changed. Also a big hand of applause for Professor Steve Joordens! He's simply the best in what he does concerning psychology! Salute to you, Sir!
Steve Joordens was an excellent lecturer who delivered well researched material and although over internet managed to be compassionate, funny and quirky.  Would take another lecture from him again.  As a UofT graduate I feel he made me proud of the university's high standards.
This was a wonderful course! Prof. Steve Joordens made it very interesting and I loved every subject. I absolutely recommend this course to anybody interested in a first approach to psychology, it's very complete and inspiring, and Prof. Joordens is very engaging. THANK YOU!!
Steve is an amazing teacher and the progression throughout the weeks was really interesting and I will definitely recommend this course to anyone who is keen on psychology and wants to learn more about it and get a solid basis of the different kind of domain within psychology
Am so happy to have found and taken part of such wonderful,entertaining, educative platform. Coursera is really great and can change the world for better. Am indeed really grateful. Thank you Coursera. Thank you Steve Joordens -lecturer of my first course in the Coursera.
My first introduction to psychology and I found the material to be clearly and logically presented, covering both the history behind psychology as science and the way our ''psychology'' is driven by the inner biological processes. Great introduction, covering all basics.
Don't Be fooled be the title of the course (introduction...) It not just a simple introduction .But it is an interesting and informative journey in psychology. And of course Don't forget The prof interesting and professional teaching. Really Very Thanks for this Journey.
This is a fantastic course. I can't believe how  many topics did it cover! The lecturer is really good, he made the lessons fun, easy to understand and follow.  I will miss my daily lesson. Thank you so much for all the knowledge and links shared.  I highly recommend it.
A very interesting course, I highly recommend it if there is somebody out there thinking that they are interested in psychology, but have never really done anything like it before. A great professor who knows how to pick the interesting cases in the field of psychology.
Thank you Prof. Joordens for this extraordinarily well-structured and insightful course. It has more than equipped me with a strong foundation of psychology. Look forward to more courses on psychology and advanced courses by Prof. Joordens. Wish you the best, Professor!
Great course. Steve talks with us in a very friendly way so the lectures seems like good friends conversations, enriched with a lot of content. It´s a lesson on how to bring so many different and complex concepts turning it in a very simple and didatic way. Congrats!!!
It's a great course! i think every one should try this out because every person needs to know about their psychic how should they behave in a certain situation what makes you stand out in a group all these things and Professor Steve explained these concepts very well.
Absolutely brilliant. This was an amazing opportunity to learn more about psychology. Professor Steve Joordens did a phenomenal job with his lectures. Thank you to Coursera, thank you to Steve, and thank you to the University of Toronto for giving us this opportunity.
I found this course to be very informative and engaging.  Professor Joordens explains everything in a very interesting manner, quoting many examples.  I would highly recommend this to anyone who has a budding interest in psychology and wants to see what its all about.
The course was well constructed! Considering how much material was presented, I felt Steve did a wonderful job explaining relevant points. He was also quite entertaining and that is  the best  thing about him because this is how we were always engaging with  lecture.
Great! Very clear and illustrative! I work on behavioral science from economics theory. I feel that since this course I have an "over the average" general culture about psychological referents in my field. Steve is very charismatic and great teacher. Very enjoyable.
If You are even the slightest bit interested in Psychology, you should definitely join this course.I am a Psychology student, have been studying for 4 years now, still had a couple of doubts, this course cleared them all. Amazing professor , love the way he teaches!
This is one of the best courses I have ever taken on coursera. This course has changed the way I see psychology and have given me a completely different view to perceive others, their thoughts, and feelings. Thanks to the wonderful teaching of Prof. Steve Joordens.
Without doubt one of the best MOOC courses I have seen. Thorough yet fun lectures with lots of additional resources. Special thanks to Steve in making this course a delight to follow. I made up my mind, if one day I pursue academic studies it will be in Psychology.
Its an amazing course. Thank you so much. Looking forward to going deeper into this subject. Dear peers don't hesitate, just do it. you won't regret it. This course really changed my way of looking at situations and understanding people and their behaviour better.
Excellent course, I learned a lot and the most important part is that I enjoyed every bit of the sessions. Many thanks to the coursera team, and a big thank you to Professor Steve Joordens who provided wonderful explanations and made us interested in the material.
One of the best courses there is. The course completely met my expectation and had a variety of material. I really enjoyed the class and primarily because of his teaching methods. I not only learned about psychology but also about teaching methods and techniques.
My interest in psychology is growing day by day and this course, no doubt, has kept up with my expectations. Really, I learnt a lot about brain, it's working, mental illness and treatment. I would encourage someone willing to start with psychology to this course.
Good introductory course on psychology for a novice like me. The human behavior is fascinating and the breadth of the course covers this aspect in a few good way. The professor is also very knowledgeable and makes the class fun with additional reference material.
Prof Steve Joordens, I can not thank you enough. The course was interesting, educative and fun. I learned a lot and I regained the confidence that knowledge can be gained at any age. I didn’t realize how much I enjoyed the process of learning. Thank you so much.
I throughly enjoyed this course I thought Steve was amazing, he felt very personable. It was a brilliant course for me to do, during the pandemic and has helped me immensely dealing with it.  The course has helped me understand people a little more. Thank you !
Really enjoyed this course. Steve is a great presenter, very natural and relatable and made it easy to listen to all the information coming at us online. Using videos and readings also made it very useful (although a lot of these could be updated). Many thanks.
I highly recommend this course to everyone interested in psychology. Prof. Steve Joordens is a great lecturer. It was a very thought-provoking, entertaining and engaging journey for me. I am looking forward to having another courses by Joordens, hopefully soon!
I love this course very much and it was a great 10 weeks' study. All the lectures are very well prepared covering a lot of areas of psychology. Professor Steve's is quite humorous and explain those topics very clearly. I am looking forward to his next course.
Great course!  Best MOOC I've taken on Psychology so far.  Steve Joordens is a fantastic teacher.  Loved his style, easy to learn and he made each lesson funny as well as entertaining.  I would take any of his courses in the future.  Thanks for the memories.
Professor Joordens taught everything crystal clear with supporting the content with examples and experiments. I  believe I could not learn this much if I had this course at my college.  I am eager to learn more about psychology, thanks to Professor Joordens.
The classes were amazing and I am sure that they will help me as in my personal as in my professional life. I recomend it for those who are both interested in learnig about Psychology and would like to improve the understanding of psychological concepts. .
I really like the course contents and the delivery by Professor Steve Joordens. I was watching the entire thing at 2x and still had no difficulties understanding anything whatsoever. Looking forward to him possibly making more advanced psychology courses.
It is really a great course, and I recommend it to everyone, especially professor Steve Joordens, I can't express how much I like his personality, although I did not meet him but it is clear in his videos, and wish one day to be one of his class students.
Very detailed, intensive course. This courses is good for who familiar with biological/scientific words, but who is not from scientific area of study can also learn from the lessons. I learned a lot about psychology without studying similar class before.
Professor Steve Joordens is absolutely brilliant. He teaches every concept with interest and is a delight to listen to. The course content is already very interesting and the professor makes it even more so with well thought out explanations and examples
Very good overview with interesting contents. Challenging, but not too difficult. The good explanations help to understand the contents, even if you are a beginner. Still, you don't get the feeling that it's all just beginner's stuff. Thank you, Steeve.
Sir Steve has been the most insightful and friendly person and a teacher. Even if I was learning online, the feelings reached out, and the way he teaches maks me forget how time passes by. Thank you sir for your efforts.Would love to meet you someday.
Thanks to the lectures of Prof Joordens, I am exposed to a lot of concepts which I now understand vividly. My appreciation goes to you Sir and the whole Coursera team for making it possible for me to acquire this much knowledge in such a brief period.
Prof. Joordens provides a very clear explanation of a very wide range of topics in a very engaging and entertaining fashion.Certainly, one of the best MOOCs I have engaged with recently.All my appreciation to those who made it possible.Cheers,Enrique.
This course has been really helpful in understanding the basics of psychology. Steve is very knowledgeable and easy to understand, and the lectures are interesting and informative. Would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in psychology.
The course is very fascinating! I learnt a lot about psychology as a science and of course applied it to my everyday life! The external links provide additional material for those who are eager to learn more. The lecturer is knowledgable and friendly!
The course is really well organized, and it deals all the topics in a very systematic way. Moreover the professor is really involved in teaching and trasmits passion for the subject. I really recommend this course to anyone interested in the subject.
Amazing course... I loved it and the teacher is awesome and fascinatingit gives you great understanding and a real good general culture on psychology digging into various aspects of it.I highly advise taking this course even just out of curiosity...
Excellent course and definitely worth learning. It has interesting and enriched content, the professor is humorous and gives great lecture. What is best about this course is that it has many additional reading and video sources with proper guidance.
Professor Joordens rocks! Really! Amazing classes, very high level content and awesome books, articles and videos appointed. Thank you Coursera for the opportunity. Very high level of Authoritativeness, trustworthy and expertise. I recommend 100% !
This course is a must for every human being. It teaches us about ourselves . The instructor, Steve Joordens, is a awesome guy who knows how to implant difficult knowledge in our brain smoothly. Enroll this course and learn about yourself in depth !
It was an exceptional experience to listen to Steve Joordens. He made everything so simple and easy to understand. I'm so thankful for completing this course. It made me understand the importance of mental health and taught me how to deal with it.
Most Excellent.  Professor was engaging, knowledgeable, and motivating.  I looked forward to going home after work to learn from his videos.  I would like to see more of his work if there is anything offered.  Thank you for a wonderful experience!
Having graduated with Psychology as one of my subjects I was impressed that the course covered a lot of contentI thoroughly enjoyed hearing about some of the Masters againThank you Steve for making it something I looked forward to almost everyday
I deeply enjoyed learning about something completely unknown to me. Steeve makes the lectures fun and interesting. I like the fact that everything is made to be completed at your own time and preference. Thumbs up for coursera and Steeve! Thanks!
I was always looking for a course on psychology that provides a full overview through the evolution of psychology with its key concepts and how these shape our behaviours. The course provides all this with a great and fun way of content delivery!
This is my first course completed on Coursera!!! It's totally because of Steve here!!! I love him soooo much that I have decided to minor in Psychology now OMG Thank you so much Steve, please please please have more videos and new courses now!!!
The course of Dr. Joordens was really interesting to me. However I am not student of sciences human, it was informative and useful to me. The course is highly recommended to those who want to explore the world of the psychology, systematically.
It's been 3 years since I first laid my eyes on this course. Finally, I finished it because of Prof.'s cool instructions and the great layout of coursera. Thank you guys for doing sth amazing to this world. And I learned a lot about Psychology.
A wonderful overview of the history and key concepts of psychology together with the basic anatomy of the human brain. Really well executed in clear expositions, with lots of examples and suggestions for further study. Very interesting indeed.
Great intro course. Covers all the basics of Psychology while keeping it interesting through illustrations and examples. The professor was very clear in his explanations and provided very interesting extra readings/videos for those interested.
Its Very interesting and useful course. I want to study from university  of Toronto. I love  mathematics and have keen interest in psychology as well. In Future i will love to join this university as a regular student. Thanks to My Professor.
Absolutely loved this course! Especially loved the lessons about brain and brain damages. Also the lesson about Attention and how we absorb information without consciously attending to it. Hat off to the great professor Joordens. Thank you!
I used to watch shows while eating meals, but both the course and the professor are so engaging that I ended up listening to the lectures while eating all three meals. Strongly recommended, and thank you very much for this wonderful course!
This is probably the best course on Psychology on Coursera. Professor Joordens makes every lecture interesting with his intriguing examples and insights. Do take up this course & stick till the end because it will change you as a person.
I absolutely enjoyed this course. Prof. Steve did an excellent job with this MOOC. He is great! Will definitely join any more MOOCs he makes. The course helped me learn a lot of interesting theories and problems. Overall, a great course.
Everything I expected and more.  A Huge Thanks to Steve Joordens  who made this course extra Interesting and even fun. I learned so much more about Psychology than I thought it involved. Just straight out the best course I taken so far.
The course was  great,    I learned many things.  To know how  mind  and  every part in our head  work  is   incredible !THANKS  A  LOT  to the University,  Professor  Joordens   and  Coursera.        I REALLY  APPRECIATE ALL OF  THIS.
Taking this course was a great pleasure! I enjoyed every single video due to Professor's enthusiasm, passion and approach to teaching! I will highly recommend this course to everyone. Thank you, Steve and Coursera team. Kind of cool ;)
This was the best course I ever did in Psychology. Professor Steve is very clear in his settings and can always bring theory into practice. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to get to know the hot topics in Psychology.
The course was extremely informative. Professor is quite fun to watch, he makes the subject even more interesting. The course comes from the love of the subject! Would recommend anyone who wants to understand the basics of Psychology.
Great course for all those interested in pychology like me. The teacher is just fantastic, the lessons are estructured and organised in a way that is easy to follow and understand. This course is really a positive action in our lifes.
This course helped me understand  what is and what is not Psychology as a science. With a balanced blend between theory examples and videos I got my explanations for a number of phenomena related to human behavior. Thank you in deed.
The whole course is exceptional. Not only Steve Joordan is a great teacher who clearly and graciously explains in detail every concept but also the follow-up material he provides is really interesting. I highly recommend this course.
This course is awesome and you know what, prof Steve jordens is making the subject more interesting day in and day out.I now know psychology is a very pertinent course needed everywhere most especially when human being are involved
I really really enjoyed it. The entire course is amazing. I love the fact that he touched every topic and i would study all courses from the lecturer even if he taught a whole course on each week's topic. Amazing lecturer for sure.
This course was my first one on Coursera. Now my expectations are very high... I was thrilled and my interest level remained high through the full duration of this course -- which is a rare phenomenon... Thank you, Prof. Joordens!
The course is very good and I enjoyed it. It has helped me to learn many things. But I faced sound problems with some videos. I think you have to increase the volume of some videos because they are too low to understand properly.
Love the fact that you can finish the course at your own pace. The fact that the topic Psychology is a very vast one, still to compile and bring it together is a good job done. Looking for related courses soon. Thanks once again.
If you are interested in the brain, human behaviors... then this course is made for you. With complete and understandable information, Steve (the teacher) initiates you to psychology. He is dynamic and funny. One of my best MOOC!
Professor Steve Joordens has lead us through the fantastic world of Psychology and was a great experience for me.The classes are meaningful,engaging and informative .I suggest this course to all who are interested in psychology.
Excellent training, differences from other courses, this has its beginning from the base, from the funcoinamiento of the different parts of the brain and its different functions. Thank you very much to all. A coordial greeting.
A very intense course. Lots of information but overall very enlightening and educational. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in understanding Psychology. Professor  was excellent a explaining the topics .
This course is Very informative and easily designed for the new learners who don't have much idea about psychology. I'm enjoying the course and it unleashes my quest for further learning. Thanks Coursera for the awesome course.
Excellent! Amazing course! Steve Joordens has chosen very interesting topics and developed them in a very clear and entertaining way. I would highly recommend this course. I have learned a lot!! I've started missing it already
Steve Joordens is an extremely wonderful educator - this course was not only insightful but presented in a way that encouraged me to explore more concepts on my own. Would recommend it to anyone with an interest in Psychology!
Thank you so much. I took this course because my university proposes it, and I think that it was amazing to learn about how our minds work, the development of the classes, the videos, the topics, and the teacher was so great!
A thought provoking and very interesting course. I really enjoyed it and Steve Joordens is a great teacher. His easy and friendly nature makes it easy to take in the courses content without being bogged down and overwhelmed.
I must say, the lectures and videos were absolutely amazing. they were clear, to the point and had perfect delivery. Thank you for teaching us. I would recommend anyone interested in learning psychology to take this course.
Very informative course.  I wanted to take a course just the purpose of becoming more aware of psychology.  Not for my career or because I had to.  I simply enjoy learning.  The content and the Professor did not disappoint.
I simply loved the course. Prof. Steve Jordens beautifully explains all concepts and keeps the mood lively and funny along with informative. Extremely good to understand basic concepts. I would highly recommend this course.
This is such a complex subject, explained and guided so well by Prof. Steve. It definitely had profound impact on my learning !!  Thank You Coursera and Prof. Steve for such a wonderful Job :) Highly Recommend this Course.
Mind blowing course from beginner level to the higher level. This course will help anyone who is interested in psychology and want to implement it into day to day life and also who want to build their career in psychology.
Loved every bit of this course. This was so captivating that I got addicted to know more and ended the course pretty quickly! The professor was wonderful and fun as well. Enhanced my love for psychology even more. Thanks!
Professor Joorden is a young, motivated, fun, individual, I have enjoyed every second of this course. His lectures are full of detailes and never boring, all concepts are explained in depth. Well done! Highly recommended.
This was a great course. And professor Joordens, you did a fantastic job. I did not think you talked too much at all...lol.. I appreciated the detailed examples and explanations. It was easier to comprehend, thanks again.
excellent course, I was so delighted that I want to do another course on this same subject, professor joordens excellent with the explanations, without any recommendation, just another deeper course in psychology, thanks
Awesome concepts covered, and it's very easy to digest. And once again thanks to the entire team of Coursera and special thanks to Prof. Steve Joordens for making it so interesting and so rich in value. Totally satisfied
I love how the professor explained things in a simple and a humorous way. This is the first ever course I've taken on coursera and even after a year later, I keep coming back to listen to these lessons again and again.
I really enjoyed this course! I think it’s a perfect starting point for anyone with an interest in psychology. Steve is amazing too. He keeps you interested throughout. I’ll definitely continue on and do another course
Professor Steve Jordan is a great teacher. he has carefully and patiently explained the concepts and made it fun learning psychology. this was a gateway for me to get a better understanding of psychological concepts.
Very nice course touching on all possible aspects related to psychology. I have truly enjoyed every minute of it, and would like to thank Steve Joordens for the highly motivating,  inspiring and enthusiastic videos.
I think one of the best courses offered at Coursera. The way Steve Joordens presents all the information is not only interesting but in a very funny and light way. He gives dozens of examples and therefor it stays!
Great course, I'd definitely recommend it to anyone regardless of your background. The professor is very engaging, and you will learn not only a plethora of interesting parts of psychology, but also about yourself!
interesting, fun and easy to follow. Done as a complete amateur, for enrichment. I also found the links for future learning really wonderful, and introduced me to further sources of knowledge on the web. thank you!
Amazing course! Every single lecture was clear, interesting, and entertaining. Would 100% recommend this to anyone who's interested in starting Psychology as it offers a wide, general view of many different topics.
One of the most entertaining and insightful courses on Psychology I've taken. Professor Joordens is a delight! This course is definitely recommended for anyone interested in learning about psychology in a cool way!
Excellent course, the professor is simply amazing, making difficult things appear easy to understand and easy to remember. The course material is great, diversified, very informative and accessible. Thanks for this
The course perfectly fits it's name. Professor Steve almost explains every field of psychology in a very intriguing way. This course is must for anyone who wishes to have a glimpse of what psychology is all about.
This is a great course! Very useful if you are just beginning to study Psychology. I particularly enjoyed the week on social psychology. It was very insightful. Thanks to Prof. Joordens! He is a great instructor.
This course was very entertaining and beneficial for me. I really enjoyed to participate all of the lectures.Also, essay process also broadened my horizons. Thank you to Mr. Joordens and everyone who contributed.
This course was absolutely amazing. Professor Steve Joordens made it so much fun to learn about all of the different topics within Psychology and I would be more than happy to be a part of more course's from him.
Great great course. It gave me a brief overview of psychology, as well as very detailed, in-depth discussion of some psychological topics. If there if any consequential course, I would definitely register for it.
This is a great course to learn to understand the basics of psychology. I really helps you to understand how big and complicated the world is but also opens your eyes to the intresting parts of the human psychy.
This was a fantastic course that taught me so much and inspired me to take further studies in this subject. The lecturer Steve Joordens has an infectious passion and made the learning interesting and memorable.
professor steve has done an excellent job. I believe he is one of the best in the field of psychology.thank you so much professor steve for your hard work, effort, and for making this course fun and enjoyable.
I really liked this course because it was so interesting and allowed me to learn a lot of new things as well as refresh my knowledge.
Thank you very much Professor Joordens for your dedication.


Alexa Grabher
Thank you Steve for presenting such a wonderful course. fascinating material which has given me new insights and left me wanting to learn more. This was my first MOOC with Coursera and I will be back for more!
It's one of the best online courses I have taken. The instructor felt very engaging and the course proceeded my expectations since I knew nothing about psychology before I took it. I am glad to have taken it.
Thank you very much for providing these type of courses, I've learned many through this course. Professor Steve Joordens did great in his teaching .I enjoyed very much learning new things .Thank you cousera!!
An excellent course , well designed and well delivered. The Prof. Steve made it interesting and easy to understand. Some inputs on positive psychology like mindfulness, meditation, grit etc could be included.
The class was interesting and if anything really piqued your interest you could read and study more in depth from the supplemental readings and videos. I loved listening to the lectures. It is a great course!
Amazing course. Truly amazing. I love the prof, the syllabus and the assignments. Online courses actually help you seek education from some of the best thinkers and teachers in the world. Highly satisfied.
this course was amazing in everything with a fantastic topic. it really achieved his point at least with me that is to make you love psychology with the amazing way of teaching. it is really a master piece
Wow! This course is a really AWESOME introduction to all things psychology - I would love to take more courses with the same professor and recommend this to anyone interested to learn more about the topic.
I had an absolute blast with this course! Steve Joordens conveys the material with such energy that he could even sell you a brick wall. I reccomend this to anyone who wants to know more about psychology!
this course is amazing, I could learn so much about the human mind and brain, in a way that know I feel I can better understand a lot of concepts and human behaviours. I recommend this course to everyone.
super impressed by the instructor who is apparent passionate about teaching and knows the stuffs well. very satisfied with the materials he presented and shared through links. learned a lot on the topic.
An Amazing Course!! The lectures are very interesting, with many videos and reading ,material links included. Thank You, Dr.Steve Joordens and Team. Would definitely recommend this course for Beginners.
Prof Steve Joordens is an excellent teacher and drives our class with gracefulness, humor and intelligent comments. In short  Introduction to Psychology is a very interesting and usefull course. thanks,
outstanding overview. the professor is incredibly knowledgeable, entertaining and does a great job of explaining the concepts. I wish there were more courses by this same professor. highly recommended.
I love the way of Joordens' teaching and the recommended books and vedios. Although I'm not a native speaker, I found myself enjoy the class and understand most of the materials. Thank you Mr Joordens.
Absolutely amazing course. And so much fun to follow. Prof Joordens is extremely talented in efficient teaching. I enjoyed taking this course tremendousely and wih there was a part 2 (and 3, and 4,...)
Some of the best things i`ve learned in life was in this course. Really grateful to coursera for giving us the chance to meet with Prof. Joordens and for the chance to start to pursue an academic life.
Not only did the professor teach us the basics of psychology very clearly, but he also did it with humor and sympathy by explaining his passion. It made the course more appreciable to watch and hear.
Awesome course! Prof. Steve Joordens is cheerful, entertaining and explains complicated things in a simple way. It was a pleasure to complete this course and to learn about the bases of psychology.
I really like Psychology...so Coursera has given this platform to learn this!!! Thanks a lot!!!Have gained knowledge about this topic. Actually this really is helpful.Thanks Again Team COURSERA!!!
The course was very interesing. I especially liked the experiments that were included. My favorite topics were the Weeks Memory and Social Mind. I also liked the was Steve presented the lectures.
This course absolutely rocks! I have always loved psychology but not as much as I do now. Steve Joordens is an awesome professor who is definitely a dab hand. You really enjoy learning from him.
A very good introduction to psychology. Many areas of psychology  are covered and Steve (the teacher) is truly great and inspiring. This really is the course if you are interested in psychology.
this was the most usefull and interesting course I've ever take  .I enjoyed every single lesson and I strongly recommend it to my friends and  Colleagues.thank you very much for your efforts
Excellent insight into the field of Psychology. Prof Steve Joordens has  a cogent and interesting style. THe  programme made me see the world through the eyes of a psychologist. Many thanks!
I am honoured to be a student of Steeve Joordens. This has been an enlightening journey. I am grateful to the University of Toronto and Cousera for providing an amazing learning platform,
I have had the best experience ever, everything I have learnt I can actually see it right in front of my eyes happening with people and I am looking forward to see more courses like this.
An excellent course with a very good balance of theory and real-world application.  Steve's lecturing style is engaging and entertaining.  It has been a real pleasure learning, thank you.
Great course. Comprehensive, with plenty of additional resources to continue learning about the contents covered in the lectures.  Great professor. Knowledgable, friendly, inspìrational.
It was a dream for me to learn more about psychology. Dr Steve Jordan was an unbelievable instructor. It was fun and so informative. Thanks for all Toronto University and Coursera staff.
This was an amazing course. Has a lot of information packaged into it but it is delivered beautifully by the Professor Joordens. It has been such a great experience learning through him.
I loved this course! It was so informative and interesting and made me wanting to know more about psychology. Professor Joordens was a great teacher and he also made the course very fun!
The course is exceptional! I've learnt basics of Psychology. I'm sure I will be able to apply this knowledge in many life situations and, to be exact, in a new psychological profession.
Stunningly interesting and informative course. Acquired a lot of useful knowledge, allowing answers to a wide range of questions. Very charismatic and inspiring lecturer. I am thankful.
Useful course who is interested in psychology. If ypu want have any fundamental background, it is a right choice. Thanks to the Professor, the lessons were interesting and informative.
I love this course! I have absolutely enjoyed every bit of it so far. The Professor has done a great job of opening my eyes to this whole new world I didn't have much of an idea about.
This course is faaascinating !  :DIt's a bit different from what i expected, but totally enjoyed it and I think I have learnt a lot from it.I did not like the first assignement though.
Excellent way to enhance your learning about the human body and the mind. Interesting facts and experiments! I would definitely recommend this course to others to grow their knowledge!
Excellent introductory course to Psychology. Lectures tend to be longer than the suggested time frame but I think 15 min is not really optimal so to me, the 20 min lecture is alright.
The course was fantastic!!! It includes everything about psychology and it makes you understand better what is going on inside our brains and the reactions of other people around you.
The best course I have ever had from coursera till now. Lots of content, great way of teaching. If you really want to learn everything from the course, do not forget to make notes. :)
The most desirable and enjoyable way to learn and complete a course. Many thanks to Professor Joordens for sharing his extensive knowledge and experiences in the field of Psychology.
Excellent course. Learnt a lot from Mr Steve Joordens. Its a real pleasure going through every single lesson, listening to his soothing voice. Feel real good. My self esteem goes up!
Wonderful course to get acquainted with a bunch of aspects of human psychology. The professor is a passionate specialist, so he is really good at exciting students with new material.
Thank you very much to Steve Joordens for making the lectures so interesting and entertaining!I learned a lot about the brain and different human behaviours.I am happy and grateful.
The professor gave us a very clear and interesting introduction to paychology,I learned a lot from it,and it is very useful for a psychological student to form systematic knowledge.
This was well prepared and very informative course. I wish he could open another course in advanced Psychology. It gave me more interest and understanding on psychology. Thank you.
It's an excellent course. The teacher is very charismatic and his explanations are clear. Also, he provides a lot of examples and give you a bunch of links for further references.
This course have increased  my interest towards psychology . This course have enough elements and well elaboration of related topic. Very grateful towards this course. THANK YOU!
It was fun because the professor knows how to create a friendly learning environment. The video and reading materials at the end of each lecture were hugely helpful. Thank you!
One of the best course I have ever followed. It was a great please to learn so many interesting topics and all taught wisely. Thanks very much, I deeply loved  to be part of it
I never got bored of this course, it was engaging and interesting. I wish I get to learn from professor joordan in person. Course is informative and covered most of the topics.
Absolutely love the way Professor Joordens teaches. His knowledge about the subject is very vast and he takes great effort to actually make his students understand the concept.
I adored this course. What a great way to ease back into structured learning. Steve is enthusiastic and clear in his approach and the material is inspiring. Highly recommended.
Excellent course with an amazing professor. Professor Steve really took great efforts to make the course as interesting as an online course could be. Kudos to Professor Steve.
The course is highly informative and relevant. The Instructor is knowledgeable and explains every concept with lot of examples. It was a wonderful experience!!!!! Thank you :)
Highly interesting subject, the teacher is very entertaining and covers a lot of material in a fun way. A lot of the optional material is quite interesting and worth a look.
Excellent information, very organized and interesting presentation. End of video quizzes were too easy to be very helpful, but exams were tough. Final paper was interesting.
Well I really loved the content of the course and how it has been taught by professor Steve, It is very useful and I recommend this course to everyone. Thank you so much <3
The course is easy to follow which is ideal for beginners. Topics are relevant and transferable to different contexts.  The lecturer  is engaging and does an excellent job,
Loved this course. I found it to be so interesting and I learned so much, It made me want to study psychology further. The professor did a great job keeping my attention.
This is my first psychology course. Learnt a lot of interesting theories and stories. Very much enjoyed Steve's teaching style and the video materials he shared. Love it!
It was amazing and I decided to continue my education in psychology after this useful course. I really appreciate it and thanks to professor Steve Joordens and Coursera.
The course discussed the major foundation of psychology. Professor Steve Joordens way of explaining topics was so interactive and full of enthusiasm. Thank You Coursera.
This course is really great one to start studying psychology. Prof Joordens is a very charismatic person with a great sense of humor! I enjoyed every lecture. Thank you.
A very well structured course, filled with interesting and up-to-date contents, explained in a simple, entertaining and precise way by an amazing teacher. 100% approved.
Mind blowing. If you are looking for a psychology course, where you can study all of it. Go for it. You will become a psychologist. Sir Steve Joordens will make you. :D
Thanks, I was interested in psychology and this course was my first contact with it and yes psychology really is an amazing science. I'm glad for attending this course.
Excellent course. It was logically organised with clear progression through the topics. The tutor explained everything clearly and gave excellent examples throughout.
Amazing course! Prof. Joordan did a great job. His way of interaction and teaching really made me want to leave everything else behind to learn, which i saying a lot.
Doctor Steve is an inspiring man and his amazing teaching skills makes it easy for people  like me to understand and love psychology! thank you doc! have a nice life!
This was an amazing course with a fantastic professor, I learned so much and it persuaded me to commit to learning psychology at uni. I would definitely recommend :)
I really enjoyed the course, Steve did a really good job of describing complex concepts in bitesize chunks that led the learner to search out more in depth learning.
gives incredible insight on psychology and would highly recommend if you are looking for a course to give a general idea on what part of psychology you want to study
This is my first course on Coursera & I can consider this is one of the most useful ones I ever had in my life till now.Thanks a lot for all great efforts behind it.
Great course! Learned a lot of things. And professor Steve Joordens is really great teacher. His way of teaching is fascinating! Thank you for providing this course!
I loved, enjoyed and learned the whole time, Professor Steve is an amazing teacher. I am highly influenced by him. I will recommend everybody to take this course :)
The teaching (Communication) style so that anybody without any prior Psychology knowledge can learn it. Touching all the important aspects of Psychology. Loving it.
Very good course! I learned a lot from the lecturer, and the online course complements the textbook that I am reading on introductory psychology. Very informative!
Steve Joordens is a rockstar of Psychology MOOC's - one of the best courses I have ever attended! It's a must do course for anyone who's interested in Psychology!!
This is the perfect course I was looking for and I feel great after accomplishing this. Exams and Assignment designed were so apt in regard of this course. Thanks!
I have really enjoyed this course. It provides a good introduction to the history of psychology, and offers insight into the basic functions of the brain and body.
I really enjoyed this course. The presentations and the structure of the course were all very clear and easy to understand and also very entertaining. Thank you!
This is the best course I have done on Coursera! I love the way Prof. explained the complex topics and his energy the flows into me. I never felt this is online.
This course was quite informative and has enabled me to expand my knowledge about the individual and social interaction of people and groups within a community.
Amazing course for anyone interested to learn how our brain works, bust a few myths, really helpful in understanding real life issues that we often come across.
The content of this course was very rich and diverse. I have learned many useful concepts about different areas of psychology. The course is highly recommended.
Fascinating course, with a passionate presenter. Would highly recommend to anyone looking to get a better understanding of themselves and the world around them!
I love this course and had signed up for a second time. Unfortunately, I am pressed for time and have to leave it. But it is worth the time and effort involved.
Steve is an awesome teacher who explains psychology in a very understandable way, it makes it very fun and interesting to follow the course all the way through
The instructor clearly was passionate about psychology which made the course so much more delightful. Manageable work load and really good variation in topics.
The course is very informative and get us through lots of psychology concepts in a short time. I do enjoy prof. Steve Joordens's lecturers and his structures.
This was an amazing course. Listening to the Prof. Joordens is a treat to the years. Gained a lot of knowledge from this course. It's worth every bit of time.
Amazing course! I’d recommend Coursera and the introduction of psychology to everyone! Professor was just great! I’d love to take a class from him in Toronto!
This course is amazing! The professor is simply awesome and the material is very diverse. If you are interested in psychology this course is highly advisable.
This course is amazing! I recommend this course to everyone who has interest on Psychology. The professor is the BEST lecturer I've ever seen :-) Thank you so
Very easy to understand. Suitable for psychological newbies like me. The only thing I regret is that some video links offered by the course are not available.
I loved the course, prof Steve is excellent at explaining the topics, his students must be delighted to see his classes. Thank you for this wonderful course.
Excellent and engaging course, exactly as advertised. Some minor scheduling issues with the tests being out of phase with the lecture materials. Many thanks.
From this course, you not only know what, but also know why and how. Which is very good for my profound understanding of this subject. The teacher is great!
This is one of the most interesting courses I've ever taken. Very informative with many experiments that relates to our everyday life. Thank you Dr Steve.!
very educative course made interesting by prof. steve joordans who explains the psychological concepts in a very fun way which is easy to learn and absorb.
Great overall knowledge for an introduction course. I'm not very impressed with some of the social psychology contents but otherwise the course is perfect!
Great course !! Understandable for beginning students of Psychology. The Professor makes it fun and a pleasure to learn Psychology to your heart's content.
I absolutely enjoyed this journey with Professor Steve Joordens. Lessons were very well given, easy to understand and very interesting. Thank you so much!!
I have thoroughly enjoy this experience. It has proven to me that after 30+ years of failing miserably in scholastic endeavours that i can in fact succeed.
I just love it! Professor Joordens is the best person to explain everything! I never got bored! It was so easy for me to take the course. I learned a lot!
This course was so interesting, thanks to the teacher who has a real talent to make everything interesting, detailed and easy to understand for everybody.
Steve Joordens is an amazing teacher. Thank for this course, it is clear, includes a lot of things, so really. It is a perfect introduction to Psychology.
The best online course I have taken so far. Thanks Prof Steve Joordens for making the content so interesting. I would love to do another course with him.
This course has given me the opportunity of start my dream plans of introduce to Psychology field. Thank you Professor and coursera. You guys are wonder
Excellent course for those who want to learn psychological concepts and phenomenas, amazing instructor and great sources. Worth every minute of my time!
One of the best introductory course in Psychology. Great and very interesting lectures, Enjoyed every lecture, learning was fun, exams were not so easy.
I like this professor !!! He is really enthusiastic on everything that I teach . He is really nice on every video , sometimes he is quite humorous too .
thank you for this amazing course. the professor has an amazing teaching methods. i learned a lot and opened my eyes to things i did not notice before.
Great class to learn about humans mind! The professor is amazing!! thank you for a fun class! this make me want to continue my study about Psychology!!
Great course! I just felt that the modules of each week were not connected with each other. The continuity between the modules could have been better.
Prof Steve goes out of his way to deliver beyond expectation with passion and zeal unmatched. he siplifies concepts  in a way that mekes learning fun!
I really love this course; I could totally understand everything perfectly and follow the lectures even tho am a young student in high shcool year 1 !
A very interesting course filled with information. the teacher gives the material in a very interesting form, which is well perceived and remembered.
I  enjoyed this Course The Professor was extremely knowledgeable of the content presented.  Although some of the the videos were unable to be viewed.
Wonderful to get to know about my self and others. Everyone should enroll In this. And thanks to HEC Pakistan and NOON consulting for offering this.
Excellent teacher, best mood course I have done yet! Very complete with complement materials given! Simply excellent, knowledge-full and enjoyable!
Excellent course, I learned a lot! Despite not having any degree in the field, I didn't feel overstrained at any point by the terminology used etc.
Throughout the whole course, I've never thought of it as a form of "study," but instead a form of entertainment. Yes, Prof. Steve is that awesome.
Prof. Steve Joordens is an amazing teacher, with good sense of humor that makes all his classes interesting and fun. Had an amazing time learning!
One of the great instructor. I personally like his teaching methods. And course is full of concepts and information along with some funny stories.
Great content for kick start in psycology. Being student of engineering domain i found this course very insightful and thought provoking. Thankyou
I am very thankful to steve sir.I gained extra knowledge on some topics like dreams.Also i learnt some skills like perception,social behavior etc
The course has been structured in a very interesting way. Engaging delivery , valuable concepts and good presentation skills from the instructor.
Information is really interesting and I love how the way he exposes it, just make me want to keep watching and learning! Love the course so far!!
I loved the way Professor Steve Jorden explained the concepts . He did a very great job throughout the course . Whole course was well organised .
I was always fascinated about psychology, sir you taught us the huge subject in such a easy way. Thank you Coursera, thank you Steve Joorden sir
Very detailed and informative. Advanced level. But Prof. Steve Joordens made it so interesting. What an awesome instructor. Thank you very much.
Amazing course. Professor Steve Jordeens explains everything very clear and with so much detail.Also he makes you very excited to keep learning.
psychology means the process of human thinking and doing activities on the daily basis.psychology means human behaviour and intuition and sense.
Audio-visual learning is more effective in long term memory hence, thanks coursera for such great lessons and wonderful teachings. Thanks again.
Loved the course. It was thoroughly engaging and Dr. Joordens did a phenomenal job designing this course. Will recommend to my friends as well.
the material was excellent!, the curse and all the complementary videos and readings really helped me to spark my curiosity and learn more.  !!
Prof.Joordens had given his 100% effort to make the course easy to understand and i liked this online course for giving flexibility in learning
I loved this course. It taught me so much of the basic knowledges of Psychology and gave me a preview of what a lesson in Psychology is like ❤️
It's a very good course for the beginners to get the prospective on Psyhology, and decide which part of it you want to focus on going forward.
Excellant learning tools precise lectures on various subjects explained in simplistic terms even i can comprehend will reccomend to the others
I really cannot thank coursera enough to have such a nice course by such a great prof. This took my interest in the subject to another level.
This was an incredible course! I learned a lot and prof Joordens was amazing in making the whole experience interesting and engaging.Thanks!
Prof.Steve is amazing and no dull moments in his class. You'll learn a great deal from him and realize things you have never thought before.
I was interested in learning how can we improve students behaviour problem and their working memory. Now, I'm fully satisfied by the course.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course.  The content was fascinating, and Prof Joordens was engaging throughout.  You should definitely do it too!
Great course. The host, profesor Steve Joordens, brings the topics with such a enthusiasm that makes 10 weeks of course a pleasure to watch.
Great, very informative course. Apprachable by the non expert in the field and with applications in everyday life that are downright useful.
It was so interesting and cognitively. Many thanks to Prof. Jordens! You're such a genius. Very cool and simple explaination. Best regards.
Prof. Steve is such an amazing teacher, puts together all the concepts in such a simple and interesting format for all of us to understand.
I really enjoyed this course, it was informative, fun and great!Also the professor was great, he introduced the course in such a great way.
An absolutely absorbing course.  I was hooked from the start.  Excellent lectures delivered in an engaging style.A very enjoyable 3 months.
The professor is really excited about the subject, I was really excited about the class. It's the first online course that I have finished.
This was a very informative course and I am very happy I decided to take it. It was flexible, interesting, and overall a great experience.
I love the passion that Steve Joordens has to psychology and to its roots, back to past and deep in brain. Hope he'll make another course.
I am in Love with teaching style of Steve. Thank you for explaining in such a engaging manner as well being funny :DLove  from India Steve
Absolutely loved it! It was my first course and it definitely made me want to continue learning about psychology. The teacher was amazing.
Really interesting course.  I can't believe how much I learned.  Funny and smart professor. It was a joy to learn from him at my own pace.
Well, a great course about Psychology. This course told me a lot about human's behavior.Professor Steve is amazing!! Thank you, Coursera!!
Steve is awesome; so informative, friendly and fun to listen to. Great topics were covered with interesting examples and extra resources.
It was very informative and gave practical uses of the information given. Thanks to the professor and coursera for offering this material
Course content was very interesting and engaging. I would like to thank Steve Joordens for investing time to prepare such great material.
Excellent Introductory course to Psychology by Prof. Steve Joordens!I recommend it for knowledge, excitement and fun! Psychology is cool!
I'm so glad I joined this course! Professor Steve explains topics with so much of efforts and interest . It's worth every minute of it!
This course is amazing !!!! I like how Joordans simply and clearly explains everything! This course is highly recommended for everyone!
Its very interesting course especially the professor just rocked i like this course very much.Really learned about psychological facts
This class was very informative and the teacher was very friendly and very helpful. I would definitely recommend this class to people!
Dr. Steve Joordens is informative and interesting.  He has an engaging personality that makes you want to learn more about psychology.
Extremely well delivered content. Excellent faculty. Very interesting subject. My Coursera experience could not have been any better!!
Loved the teacher! Such nice class, with lots of examples, images, and nice videos and reading at the end! I really really loved it!
This was my very first course in psychology, and I m so happy I chose this one. It was fun and amazing learning. Thank you professor
Excellent course to learn Psychology. Prof. Steve Joordens explained very well. 5 star rating. Highly recommend to take this course.
Great course. Steve is passionate, fun and knowledgeable teacher. I really enjoyed these few weeks learning about psychology. Thanks
I truly am grateful to have learn more about Psychology, but more about ourselves and how we must be aware of other people behavior.
clear, comprehensive, fascinating and challenging. A journey across contemporary psychology issues, guided by a first-class teacher.
This got me interested in Psychology and I want to learn more and more. I want to go to school and I had so much fun in this course.
A great learning exercise. Glad to have such an engaging mentor and overall all complex topics were very well taught and explained!
This course is one of the best in Coursera. Mr. Steve is such a cool person with a great teaching ability. Absolutely recommended.
A very interesting course which deals with the basic aspects of psychology giving a perfect boost to beginners and hobby learners.
One of the best courses I have ever enrolled for. Steve Joordens is indeed the best and coolest professor so far. Thank you guys.
I realy enjoyed this course, it's really facinating to learn about all these things and how our brain work. 100 percent recommend
Very extensive and detailed course to clear concepts. Best for beginners and even for people who are already studying psychology.
I did it!! The overall course is excellent. And thank you for Steve's hard work too. Hope to learn other courses with you again!
An amazing course. The professor is very engaging too, and I believe that that is the secret to all the fun I had in the course!
Great intro course! It is super organized and the logic flow is so smooth. I really enjoyed the slides and everything about it.
Steve's lessons are very interesting, and he shares not only a broad basic knowledge of psychology, but also enthusiasm for it.
Thank you coursera  I really appreciate you teaching for the  people around the world thank you for been there to us best luck
What an amazing course! Here I learned a lot of new stuff about psychology, and the Professor was just the best. I'll miss it!
"When the student is truly ready the teacher will disappear". No lecturer equips a student readiness like Prof Steve Joordens.
Professor Steeve J. is an excellent teacher. I learned and enjoyed this subject and course both in equal measures. THANK YOU!!
Professor Steve Jodrdens is awesome teacher. He has organized this course very well and his teaching techniques are wonderful.
I love this course and especially the professor! It was a pleasure taking it and being part of this little online classroom :)
Would totally recommend if you are interested in Psychology. Great overview to the most important topics! Easy to understand!
Thank you professor very much for making such wonderful well detailed course.  Now I myself have became a psychology geek. <3
The professor is amazing. Literally the best! He teaches every concept so perfectly that you'll fall in love with the course.
Great professor (Steve Joordens) and engaging course work. Definitely motivated to continue study in the field of Psychology.
I loved everything about this course! Thoroughly interesting and a great introduction to the fascinating field of psychology.
This is my first time to finish a online-course on the platform. I have to say big thank you to Steve and psychology is cool!
Thanks for everything mr joorden! Your friendly way for explaining things and the optional videos makes this course enjoyable
Short and concise but straight to the point. I enjoyed learning all the different concepts and now looking to expand on them.
It has been a wonderful journey through mind. We all have it but we know so little. Thank you for allowing me to come closer.
I would like to thank the University of Toronto and Professor Steve Joordens for this course which I found very interesting.
It's been an awesome opportunity to learn about psychology and its method. Looking forward to  look into further for myself.
I really enjoyed the course. I want to go into the field of psychology and this gave me a good idea what the field is about.
Steve Jordan is such a good comunicator an also a fine person.  He kept the course at all time increadibly interesting. Top!
I loved this Course.. it helped me understand many aspects of human behavior.. Thank you Steve for those time and lectures.
Excellent, thought-provoking course taught by a charismatic professor with great sense of humor. Do not hesitate to enroll.
Wonderful course. Professor Steve and his videos show a lot more than I expected for an online course. Highly recommended!
Probably the best course I could have found related to what I was expecting from a MOOC. Just the most interesting of all!
I really like the course, the topics covered,  it's flow, and the teaching style of Prof. Joordens! I loved it! Thank you!
I love this course so much!  learn new knowledge and notice something very important like sleep well affects remembering.
Such an excellent course! Thanks Professor Joordens for your knowledge and interesting/charming stories about psychology!
I have really enjoyed this course. Professor Steve made it fun and engaging and easy to learn. Thank you for this course.
Great Course! Valuable information and accessible for pretty much anyone who's in interested in the basics of psychology.
The course provides basic concepts of psychology which make us re-consider what is human and what makes human, fantastic.
thank you for the wonderful heartfelt explanation. learnt lot of things. thanks to the mentor  Professor Steve Joordens.
I consider this online course as a  really good knowledge level course, it is well organized and Steve is a professional
Outstanding course. Prof. Joordens is an engaging lecturer who makes learning psychological concepts engaging and fluid.
Very interesting course and amazing teacher! I really learned a lot and I am even more passionate about psychology now!
You can't imagine how much I learnt from this course.Thanks a ton Profesor Joordens for giving psych a sense of humour!
I really enjoyed those interesting experiments that introduced in this course to help me understand abstract concept.
Great course! Course unfolds with detailed and comprehensive content. Professor Steve is so charming and patient ^ ^
Very interesting and educative course. The lector delivers information in a very easy-understandable, not boring way
Brilliant introduction to psychology. thoroughly enjoyed the course. Quality video lessons and rigorous assignments.
Great fun to learn psychology and really helpful. I always want to study psychology and so glad to join this course.
The contagious enthusiasm of Steve what makes this course a joy to follow. Would love to attend more of his classes.
I can hardly express, how grateful I am to the University of Toronto Scarborough and professor Steve Joordens in pa
Amazing course, very detailed in each topic, excellent professor, very interesting side topics. Highly recommended.
Excellent for people who seek to get an introduction in the area of Psychology, even as a hobby (which is my case).
It is really very good course, the trainer is quite knowledgeable and lectures are very helpful with easy language
Thank you very much for this course! I've learnt a lot of interesting things and now my view on world is changing!
wonderful class to understand my brain and how it works.some parts about brain diseases are a little boring to me.
Nice review of basic psychology.  I enjoyed it.  Thanks to all the folks who put this course together.   Dr Quincy
Could listen to Steve talk about his precious casserole all day. This course changed my view on casseroles. 11/10!
Prof Steve Joordens is just incredible and amazing. I would love to have another course that  has lectures by him
Everyone should do a basic psychology course. This course gives a good understanding of human behavior and psych.
A fascinating course fully comprehensible to someone with no prior knowledge. Good responses from course mentors.
The course was wonderful and really helpful! I've gained a lot of knowledge from this course! Thank you so much!
Great teacher! I enjoyed this course a lot, even though my background has nothing to do with psychology. Thanks!
Very fascinating lectures on psychology that helps you understand how your mind (and other people's mind) works.
Loved this course! Professor Jordans was great and easy to listen to. I learned a lot and look forward to more!
Fantastic course, It was really helpful, I've learned very interesting stuffs. Steve is great. Thanks a lot !!!
A must for anyone interested in learning about the Human mind or wanting to broaden their knowledge in general.
Good balance of coverage on different topics and content put together with great passion and commitment to help
Easy to understand when people don't have any previous knowledge about psychologyAnd the teacher is very funny
Professor was excellently engaging even though it's offline way of teaching. Would like to Thank him for every
Real nice course, neatly organized, easy to digest. Would highly recommend if you're interested in Psychology.
Covers many topics yet teaches us main psychology principles, one of the best courses I have done on Coursera.
Thank you for a great course! It inspires to go deeper and deeper to understand the human brain and psychology
Steve is a very humorous and knowledgable teacher, you'll be fascinated by the interesting facts given by him.
it was one heck of a course all the concepts were explained with so much ease and fun . It was just the best!
Thank You Mr. Steve Joordens. I got a basic knowledge about the brain and it will helpful for my career path.
Course is very good. Steve sir is best teacher for psychology. The learning experience with sir is very good.
Great course, great lecturer. I wish the lessons were allowed to be longer, I couldn't realise how time flew.
It was  a very interesting and informative voyage for me. Generally majority of the lectures were very good .
Nice course, helped me to understand myself, my situations and also how others think. He is such a cool prof.
Really interesting! I'm enjoying very much and the professor is great, he really knows how to be a professor.
thanks Prof  Steve Joordens to deliver the course very clearly and make me feel more interest in psychology.
This class was incredible. It felt like a classroom because the instructor was so relatable and interesting.
I want to thank coursera for this course and to you must know that this course helping me so much in my life
I found this course very informative and applicable to daily life. Appreciated all the additional resources.
Solid basics and amazing scientific knowledge to which religions show in mythology symbolism. Amazing stuff
I absolutely loved this course. Prof. Joordens is super funny and makes the learning so easy and palatable!
Loved it. and want to take more courses in the same subject. The teacher is amazing. He makes it fun learn.
This is an exceptional course!... Especially for someone who wants to learn Psychology in a scientific way.
Great course. Steve's lectures were fantastic, interesting with a hint of humor.  Really enjoyed all of it.
Excellent faculty. Very clear and articulate. Very good examples too. The subject is also very interesting.
This was fantastic. Lots of learning and fun. Steve is amazing - hope to meet him someday and say "hello"!!
Excellent course. The content was very well structured and the ideas were easily conveyed by the professor.
Course was well structured and the content was beautifully laid out for the absorption of even the layman.
Love the course! Great way to easily get amazing courses from the great University of Toronto! Thank you!
Awesome. Wish there were more lecture series by Professor Steve Joordens going beyond introductory level.
A very extensive introduction but made in a user friendly way with an excellent professor. Lovely indeed.
Very interesting and well organized course with a lot of eager students. Hope there will be a "sequel" :)
Highly recommend! The course speaks for itself, all you have to do is sign up and let the journey begin.
Knowledge in psychology helps deepen my understanding, learning strengthens my connection in this field.
This course help me to understand more about Psychology and be inspired me to study more in Psychology .
This is by far the best psychology course I have ever taken: Funny, witty, and truly deeply informative.
Very interesting and entertaining. Steve is an awesome teacher, passionate about his field and teaching.
Excellent course. Wish lectures were a little longer to explain some concepts clearly and more in depth.
Very good overview of psychology. Prof Joordeens is ery entairtaining and makes this topic fun to learn
Thanks for this amazing course! Everything is clear, everything is Intersen, a very inspiring teacher!
Excellent way the road map is developed and culminates. Clearly articulated and well defined concepts.
Fascinating course and the professor keeps you interested and excited at all times. Highly recommented
AMAZING, very professional, fruitful, it gives you an overall view about a lot of topics in psychology
This course besides being highly informative and constructive it is fascinating from beginning to end.
Very helpful and interesting, I gained and enjoyed. Thanks Steve for wonderful course. Regards. Anand
I can't express enough my admiration for professor Jordan. I blindly recommend this course to anyone.
I really enjoyed this look at psychology! I will definitely continue with my journey into this field!
I had ultimate fun during this course. Steve is excellent when it comes to explaining about anything!
This is a fantastic course for enthusiastic learner's who wish to learn about the field- psychology.
I loved the entire course. it was informative and interesting. I am really gald I chose to study it.
Great course of lectures, informative, well structured.  Thank you very much! I recommend to others.
Thank you so much for an interesting course. I learned a lot and I am very impressed. Thanks again.
This really opened my views and really formed a perspective I did not until I finished this course.
Very well explained classes with a varied and interesting range of topics. Steve is just excellent.
Excellent Course..!!! Will definitely help those who are interested in knowing how the brain works.
I found the course very good,the material was good,the presentation excellent,Slides were available
It's an amazing course covering many interesting topics, also the professor explains it perfectly!
A fun ride through out the course, explanation and examples provided with each case were the best.
Great course! Really interesting material presentation and handling! Wish it could last longer. :)
Very interesting and very educational, covering different parts of psychology. I really recommend!
A must course for those who are beginners, and want an insight to some basic topics of psychology.
Lots of information that is relevant and the professor was able to explain the concept very well.
Well, this course built the base of my Psychology and help me understand some real like problems.
Excellent course for whoever wants to be introduced to psychology! Great course, great lecturers!
An amazing course! Learnt so much! Many thanks to Pr. Steve Joordens from one of the human beans!
I would be so thankul to be enroleld in a psycology master degree especially with this professor
Very clear concise teaching by Steve who made it easy to understand and also fun to learn about.
Steve Joordens is excellent! I highly recommend this course! I enjoyed every minute of studying.
Steve Joordens is an excellent teacher. His introduction to psychology is interesting and lively
I enjoyed every lecture. Steve's engaging style made the content very accessible and insightful.
Very informative and entertaining introductory course to psychology that covers a lot of topics
Steve does an excelent job explaining each concept, giving lots of examples. Loved this course.
Excellent course! Great teacher! I really enjoyed my first course here and sure will do others.
Perfect introduction to psychology. You will learnt quickly all the aspects of this wide topic.
Excellent teacher, excellent course. Extraordinary. Completing this course felt like an honor.
It was a great course to be part of. Thanks to coursera and Mr, Steve for being a great guide.
Super interesting content and a passionate teacher.  Wish there was a follow on to learn more!
Such an amazing professor teaching a very comprehensive course. Highly recommended. Thank you!
This was a wonderful experience! It wasn't very complex to comprehend and I truly enjoyed it.
Really engaging content and taught in a way that didn't make you feel as if you knew nothing.
Very fun and interesting, Steve really makes it easy to follow without making things too easy
Prof. Steve Joordens, the instructor for the course, has explained the concepts really well!
Thank you for the really nice course! Learned multiple things and the material is very nice!
Great course, thank you! unfortunately some links to extra videos/articles aren't working..
It was very good, it gave me a great knowledge about Psychology as a beginner at this field
Excellent course! The Professor is clear, funny, humble and incredibly engaging. Loved it!
Excellent course. Well structured and delivered with clarity, and supported with examples.
super useful course, I will be more than happy if professor can teach another course here.
I like the way the professor puts in effort to make things clear and simple. Great course!
Terrific course, really well taught. Thank you Prof. Joordens! Lots of love from Ireland!
I thought this course was really cool. I also liked how the professor interacted with us.
the course is well taught and the teacher is really trying to get us to get a better look
A terrific course. Dr. Joordens is an entertaining and informative teacher. Worth taking!
Super interesting course, that talks about a lot of different topics. Highly recommended.
I learn allot and content provided in course help me to making better decision every day.
The course in itself was complete and provided me with vast knowledge.I really like it!!
Such an incredible course and Steve's lectures are so informative and fun to learn from!
Thank you Mr.Steve Joordens for making this course informative and fun at the same time.
The course was exhaustive and complete of many aspects of psycology. Great for beginners
Such an privilege to have taken the course. Wonderfully delivered and highly recommended
Very informative and one of the best Physcology lectures to go with in Online platform.
Excellent profound course on psychology, it really sparked my inerest to study further!
A great base to study further in psychology with great lectures from a great professor.
A highly recommended course by an exceptional inspirational teacher--Prof Steve Joorden
Excellent for  reviewing the basics and a nice journey throughout the evolution of PSY.
A very beneficial course for both freshmans and people who're interested in the field.
Excellent explanations and interesting contents with a very kind professor Steve J:)!!
the lecture is very easy to catch up and understand even for beginners, learned a lot!
Excelent for someon who want to know the basics of pshychology, I totally recomend it.
Very interesting course, Steve explains really well what the basics of Psychology are!
I like this couse very much! It's so interesting and helpful to learn about ourselves.
This course is really works if you want to see whether you are into psychology or not.
It was the first course I passed completely. Thank you. It was joyful and informative.
This course is amazing ! it is really a good "introduction" to the field of psychology
Great course, great teacher, o lot of  useful knowledge. Thanks for Toronto University
Great engaging professor who explains the concepts brilliantly. A course worth doing!
Prof. Steve Joordens made the course much more fun and interesting. Enjoyed the MOOC.
This course is amazing for anybody who is interested in the subject. 10/10 recommend!
I wish I had a professor like Steve Joorden during my high school/college. Fantastic!
Information is very complete, and explained in a very understandable way. I loved it.
so nice! the structure is connected and Steve is such a great and humorous professor!
Very informative course. Prof. Steve Joordens' lecturing is very interesting and fun.
Informative and interesting. It's a course all Psychology enthusiasts should take on.
Great "Introduction to Psychology", it really shows the basics of how our brains work
Exceptional course, featuring many interesting lectures and readings...thank you! :)
I am glad I made time to get involved with this course. I found it very therapeutic.
Thank you very much for the content that I learned and enjoyed reading and watching.
Thank you so much for the instruction, such a good job, very informative.Ana Pelayo.
a really good basic for stepping into psychology as it covers a variety of subjects
This course was excellent. The Professor was engaging and covered topics very well.
Thank you University of Toronto and professor for this great course. Learned a lot!
I found this course very interesting and helpful in order to get a better understan
I fell in love with this course and definitely enjoyed the presence of the teacher!
I like the way the professor explains. He's so communicative. thank you very much.
Great Course! Thank you Prof Joorden for taking time to make this available to us.
Steeve Joordens keeps explanations of psychological concepts fun and interesting.
Amazing course - I learned so much. Proj Joordens explains i a great and fun way.
I really enjoyed the lectures .Mr. Steve Joordens describes everything very well
It was absolutely fascinating. Instructor Mr. Steve Joordens was simply amazing.
It has everything a learner could wish: content, challenge and humour! Awesome!!
The lecturer is amazing! I love the way he teaches and the information provides.
Amazing teacher, his energy and character pull me to get interested in everyday.
Excellent material and excellent teacher!!! I love the extra materials as well!!
Such a great course.I loved being Prof. Joorden's student :)He's simply amazing
The very exciting course as an introduction to psychology. Finished in 10 days.
Prof Joordens is the best! And I really hope Psychology classes go on with him!
Beautiful course. I like this instructor Steve Joordens. He is a nice teacher.
Absolutely loved this course, very easy to follow. The instructor was amazing!
Very well organized. Covered a lot of interesting stuff. Loved Prof. Joordens!
Fascinating. Well taught, and really liked the additional links and resources.
Great course! Perfectly explained and really understandable all the concepts!
Great! I like Prof. Steve Joordens, he is humorous and care of the beginners.
Great course! Great content, great teacher, great didactics! Simply loved it!
The professor was really good. He made sure that it was engaging throughout.
Great prof and great intro course!  It had really wet my beak to learn more.
Basics of psychology, very friendly and nice professor. A good introduction.
A very informative and relatable course for anyone interested in psychology
The best course for people who want to take up psychology for their degree.
I loved this course, The professor made it easy to understand. Thank you :)
It was a wonderful course and professor Steve is so good to explain things.
Very interesting teacher. Learn a lot. Very good introduction to the field.
Very interesting and engaging course. Prof. Steve's delivery is impeccable!
It is really very informative course. Thank you for the superb sharing!!!!
I loved this course. It really sparked an interest in psychology for me :)
After taking this course, I have a better understanding of the human mind.
Luv luv luv the way Prof Joordens teaches.  This course was amazingly fun!
Great course!, the lectures are really clear and the professor is awesome!
ITS AWESOMEEE IT TEACHES US ABOUT A  WHOLE NEW LIFE WE NEVER KNEW EXISTED
Like this course very much! I hope  I can further my study in this scope!
Really useful..learning made fun.I look forward daily to get to d session
very interesting course. well compiled and presented. thank you coursera
Amazing course, with an even more amazing professor. Highly recommended.
Wonderful course, now I a know I want to continue my path in psychology.
Fantastic course. The Instructor's enthusiasm was contagious. Thank you.
the professor is so cool and will take you through a wonderful journey .
Love this course so much! It's very interesting and useful for my study.
Covers topics from all over psychology and neuroscience, very intriguing
It was awesome and very enlightening .Looking forward to similar courses
An amazing journey through the human mind. Strongly suggest to everyone!
Great teacher and very well thought classes with a lot of reach subjects
you will get good insight about psychology.... first step to understand
I really enjoyed learning about new things and topics in this course .
It was amazing to learn so many things from such an honorable teacher.
That's truly a beneficial and amazing course!!! Keep it up Coursera ;)
The most fun I've had is while studying and learning from this course.
I love this course it is so entertaining. I am glad it is on this cite
Steve Joordens is a great professor. It was so fun learning with him.
An awesome course if one is looking for "introduction" to Psychology!
A very good course that taught me a lot!A good decision to take this.
A lot of amazing information, an overview of the field of psychology!
Amazing course. so well planned and interesting. Thank you Professor!
I enjoyed this course very much. Great Professor! Highly recommended.
Informative, interesting, entertaining. Great prof, engaging content.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Professor Steeve Jordens is great!
I am very thankful to coursera for providing such a valuable course.
Excellent course, I love every part of it. Great information. Thank
The coure was very good and I am very pleased I took it. Thank you.
Extremely interesting and informative course. Thank you so much! :)
really cool and insightful, helps put psychology to the real world
Very interesting course and the assignment was equally intriguing.
Great and funny teacher, the best way to learn psychology basis :)
Coolest course with lots of Information and a lot to take away !!
a really interesting course with a variety of topics - thank you!
every thing was fine but most of the things were general not new.
Excellent introduction to psychology basics. Must for all people.
I love your personality. It makes it very easy to learn from you!
Just wonderful course - simple and very interesting introduction!
really enjoyed it waiting for the next one thank you steve jordan
I would say Steve Joordens is one of the best tutors on coursera.
This was a great course! It was fun and interactive. Thank you!!
Excelent! Practical course provided by great teacher. Thank you!
Steve Joorden is a rock star! Just register, do not think twice.
Great course, I would love to see more courses about this topic.
A very well structured course. Highly recommended for beginners.
Wonderful understanding of Psychology and passionate instructor!
I really had fun learning this course with Prof. Steve Joordens
Great course, clearly explained each topic, easy to understand.
It is painful but I do appreciate the course, I really love it!
Absolutely enjoyed the course. Very informative and interesting
Very interesting course, easy to follow and engaging professor!
Wonderful lecturer and fascinating content. I highly recommend!
very good review time,it helps me to the remaining assignments
Really enjoyed this course, was a great learning experience !!
an excellent and comprehensive introduction, great perspective
Amazing course. Absolutely knowledge packed and great faculty.
The Proffesor keeps the course interesting and is very clear.
I am glad that I took this course. It was a great experience.
Well organised course, and the presenter/mentors are awesome!
Loved the professor! Amazing course! Loved every bit of it :)
Highly recommended. I enjoyed every minute of it. Thank you!
An extremely informative course taught by a great professor!
just really thank you...you gave me what i need..all i need.
Very interesting course and the Professor Steeve is amazing.
This is one of the most interesting courses I've ever taken!
Thank you Steve Joordens. I am glad that I took this course.
Awesome course with a very personal approach! Thanks a lot!!
Best lecturer so far. Interesting topics and well presented.
An interesting lesson leads us to the journey of psychology.
Very insightful and good course, I had a fun time learning!
Excellent course. Flexible time to study. Highly recommend.
For those interested in psychology, this is a great course!
Highly enjoyable, Steve Joordens has real gift for this job
Great course. I loved the way Steve Sir taught psychology.
Amazing, super interesting and highly challenging as well.
Fascinating subjects presented by an impressive professor.
A big course with an awesome Professor, i love it at all!
It was amazing sessions and i have learnt a lot from this
This course was bombarded by very comprehensive teaching.
the lecturer was awesssssssooooommmmeeeee .hugs n kisses
THE WAY IT HAS BEEN EXPLAINED MAKE IT easy to understand
Excellent course. I highly recommended this for everyone
FANTASTIC! Love the modules that  included neuroscience.
Great course for those interested in pursuing Psychology
A very interesting course, would recommend for beginners
Its informative and explained in detail with connecting/
Awesome course!! got so many insights into psychology!!
Felt this course was a quick guided tour to psychology.
Great course, great professor. I recommend this course.
Simply awesome! Interesting course and great teacher :)
very effectivegreat course . if possible i will buy it.
Loved the course! Prof. Joordens has done a great job.
A lot of information with very good style of teaching!
Not only a good explained course but also a fun one!!!
I learned a lot in this course :) Thank you very much!
great course and great instructor!! Loved this course!
Excellent, it was so good i was actually sad it ended.
Amazing cours and especially amazing tutor!!!!!!!!!!!!
An amazing course taught by a very awesome instructor
One of the most engaging professors I've come across.
Very very useful and helpful.Kudos to the professor!!
I loved the course and I am now considering my major.
I learned a lot with this course !! thank you so much
It made me to get many answers that I had always felt
This class was awesome! Prof. Joordens was excellent.
Anything beyond better is non-existing. Great course!
This is proving to be a very well thought out course.
One of the courses I followed with great enthusiasm.
very good and informative, i really like this course
I wish it was longer and I simply loved the teacher!
Clear and complete. Good for an introductory course.
Awesome course. Great for beginners to get started.
Excelente course who those are from health service.
This was very helpful and extremely well organised.
Extensively informative and interestingly imparted.
I love Psychology so this is a great course for me.
awesome course thanks prof. Steve Joorden and team.
By far the best course I have taken on Coursera!!!!
Excellent course. Loved the way things are phrased.
great course, really made me use my mind and think
Loved this course so much, especially the teacher!
It's a very good course and a very good professor!
i am glad that i took this journey with Mr joorden
Great course! Explanations and practical examples.
The course was Great and I learned a lot from it.
One of the best courses on coursera at this time!
Amazing course, very didactical and interesting.
It was very informative and I loved the course.
EXCELLENT  COURSE ,  TONS  OF THANKS TO STEVE .
Thank you very much coursera your help me a lot
Really interesting course and very well taught.
Super Awesome intro to human mind and behaviour
Absolutely fantastic, engaging and interesting!
Very informative, interesting, and well-taught.
So the best course for psychology on coursera.
The professor is perfect. i enjoyed the course
we got the right lecturer, thanks coursera ;-)
I true enjoy this class. thanks to the teacher
A must for all those interested in psychology!
I really enjoyed the course and the instructor
PERFECT COURSE>tHANKS SO MUCH MRS, JOORDENS!!!
Very well explained course, thank you Steve!!!
Excellent content and extremely good teaching.
trying to buy certificate and it'snot working
Easily the best MOOCing I've done in years :)
Have not started but I can feel the bliss....
Very interesting and well explained ! Thanks
Steve is an amazing and engaging teacher. :)
SUPER GREAT Course !!!!Thank you Pr. Steve!!
Lots of information and interesting articles
Course is very informative and interesting.
Fully recommend. Great content and insight!
This one is awesome but too much questions!
It was an effective way to learn Psychology
A very well explained course on psychology.
Very good teacher, very interesting program
Most amazing course, highly insightful.....
Fantastic course from a fantastic teacher!
I am loving this course! It's really good!
Great course to get started on Psychology
Amazing course, and excellent professor!!
Detailed introduction, easily understood.
I really learn something useful, thanks !
VERY GOOD MATERIALthank  FOR YOUR EFFORTS
Excellent classes and wonderful teacher!
Learned a lot from the course. Loved it!
Nice Learning for Psychology Students :)
I enjoyed learning. Prof Steve is good.
it's and amazing course for  beginners.
A better understanding of human nature.
Best course on Psychology for Beginners
Amazing how much we can learn for free!
Excellent course and amazing professor!
very solid content and very well taught
Very nice professor, good methodology.
Amazing, I woke up after studying this
REALLY BIG THANK YOU TO THE WHOLE TEAM
Best short-term course for psychology.
very good professor, very good course.
Very well done, clear and interesting!
amazing course with amazing instructor
very nice and tuff cource sir is best
I love this course and the professor!
This was a very well designed course.
Brilliant, professional, caprivating.
Excellent, engaging and informative.
Great introductory psychology course
It is very interesting and engaging.
Very much insightful and productive
Perfect Course for learn psychology
Wonderful lecture, well explained.
Superb instructor and methodology!
Great course, I really enjoyed it!
It's a great course for beginner !
Excellent, very amusing professor!
Highly educative and informative.
GREAT INSIGHT INTO THE HUMAN MIND
Varied topics covered, good pace.
Very Interesting and Informative.
Great course with great teacher!
very great and full of knowledge
Amazing course! Learned so much!
Best Professor ever! Thank You!
Thanks It was a valuable course
I learned a lot from the class.
The course is really insightful
Wonderful!! Thank you so much!!
Amazing and compelling course!
Detailed, Inspiring, Humorous.
Great teacher. Amazing course.
Perfect! The teacher is really
Extremely informative and fun.
Give me a sequel, im flying...
Great course, highly recommend
Great preparation for college!
Great course, superb teacher!
Enjoy this course and author!
Totally awesome! great course
Very beneficial and efficient
Educational and entertaining.
I need to cancel this course
Mr. Steve, you are a genius.
It was an amazing experience
Good and interesting course.
The great course. Thank you.
very good informative course
I really enjoy this course.
Great professor and course!
excellent! Steve was great!
thank you it was excellent
Best Introductory course .
Cool course, cool teacher!
I was a wonderful journey
The course was excellent!
Very Helpful Thank you!!!
Great course professor !!
It was meaningful time to
A really worth it course.
Great insightful course!
one of a kind professor!
Mind blowing! Excellent!
it's a great course!!!!!
Truly rewarding class!!!
The professor is perfect
I LOVE THE EXPLANATIONS
Incredibly interesting!
It is very nice course
Great to get a move on
Absolutely fascinating
want to learn it again
THIS COURSE WAS EPIC!
very very interesting
Fun and great course!
Thank you very much.
It was just amazing
Outstanding course.
like this very much
Interesting, clear.
Great Instructor :)
Mesmerizing course
Brilliantly taught
It's great course
A sImple and effe
Amazingly simple!
THANK YOU SO MUCH
It's fascinating!
An awesome course
Wonderfully done.
Me gusto mucho!!
awesome as hell
Fantastic! A+++
Just Brilliant
Just Awesome !
Great Teacher
the very best
Great program
it was fun
Super cool
so awesome
Great:)
