Videos and instructors are good but Not enough practice exercises and the interface is frustrating.   The left navigation pane shrinks becoming unusable so I have to restart the browser.    The quiz interface changes your answers during the quiz if you use the arrow keys.The first programming assignment for week 2 is needlessly complex.  the instructions arent clear.   its a shame to start with good lectures and ruin the course with nonsense.  lots of time required to understand what they are looking for instead of spending it on programming.
Not for beginners unless you are willing to invest a significant amount of time with outside sources, beyond what is stated as needed to complete the course.  disappointing.
I took 2 Python courses before this course. With effort I passed those with 100%.This course is supposed to be for beginners with no prior experience but the difficulty level seems unnecessary. This is not a "learn the basics of programming" class, it's a "learn the meat, bones, guts, anatomy, and how to make an elbow out of a tailbone" class. If you're like me you will learn a lot but you have to invest so much time and effort if you're not savvy at math/algebra/computer science.
I am a beginner and this course should be designed for the likes of me, but having completed the course I have found many of the concepts have not sunk in yet. I don't know if it's the quality of the teaching or my circumstance - or both. So much of this course requires me to follow along and do as instructed, but if called upon to duplicate the work myself I would be lost. The instructors rush through difficult concepts and the difficulty level does not progress for a beginner like me but jumps. The time commitment is not as indicated (at least for me) with quizzes that are supposed to take minutes taking hours and assignments that are supposed to take hours taking weeks. The only saving grace of this course was the mentor Patrick Dennis. If it was not for Patrick's assistance, I would never have gotten through this course.
The instructors may be knowledgeable, but they had no knack for teaching.
Extremely Outdated
It is a course advertised as for beginners in programming, but there is a lot of information that is not explained in the written theory or in the videos, so it is necessary to learn these concepts outside the course (Youtube, programming forums, etc.)

The tests are excessively long, it can take between one and two hours to do a test. The questions never indicate the correct solution or why the answers marked as incorrect are so. The questions are very long, ambiguous and difficult to understand what is being asked. Passing a test is often more a matter of trying answers or luck, and you leave the lessons without having learned practically anything and without being able to correct your doubts or mistakes. You are expected to write your questions in the forum, instead of improving the contents of the explanations, the theory and the practice.

The practice consists of 3 projects throughout the course, in which you are given half the code (without explaining how it works) and you are asked to complete a series of functions without knowing very well what you are doing or what the purpose is.

After finishing the course, you are not even able to program basic programming by yourself, and you are left more confused than at the beginning. Not recommended for beginners at all.
The video tutorial test questions focus in on details irrelevant to programming which can cause a beginner programmer to totally lose focus on coding, and instead become discouraged by their strength in mathematics. Spend more time on exploring the basics of Python, and less time giving users trouble over petty mathematical discrepancies during the interactive potion of the video tutorials.. or at least offer greater detail in righting an incorrect response. This shakes the confidence of beginner users and makes them feel like programming is beyond their ability and understanding, just because they cannot rearrange a math question in the desired order, when at the end of the day, Python can solve the expression regardless as to whether the user enter multiplication or division first!
outdated , video lectures are from 8 years ago , which is like a century in terms of programming. although the material maybe useful , most of the programming exercises deal with an IDLE that is in 2012 so features are different than IDLE in 2020 . I don't want to spend most of my time trying to figure how they did something in 2012.
Horrible course. Too difficult for begginers. Not enough practice before programming assignments. Teacher do not prepare you for this. They just throwing you in to the water and watch whether you could swim or  you will drown.
10/10 would program again
Jennifer was a good instructor for beginners.  Paul was not and, unfortunately, he teaches more than half of the class.  He speaks very quickly and skips a huge amount of explanation about what he's typing and then just shows you the outcome.  It makes it difficult to know how to apply what he's doing to a different problem - to learn.  His rushed style may be appropriate for people who already have experience with Python and just want a refresher, but I was an absolute beginner (and this course is pitched for beginners).  I got through the class because of the enormous help of the forum mentor, Patrick, who writes line by line explanations that are extraordinarily helpful.  But I had to spend many, many extra hours to make sense of Paul's lessons and the assignments.  I received an A in the course, but I don't feel like I have a solid introduction to Python that prepares me for the next level.  I'm actually going to retake a version of this course for 1/5 of the cost at Udemy or for no cost at Udacity.  I've never taken a course with them so I can't say if they are better but I can say that, in my experience, Coursera is expensive for what you get.  Bottom line, if you're looking for a refresher, you may enjoy this course.  Patrick and Jennifer are very good.  But if you're an absolute beginner, perhaps save your money and look for another option with more thorough explanations.   Last, Coursera, please offer video samples of your classes and please list the prerequisites -- those missing elements are big flaws, particularly at your higher price point.
instructors use simple examples and put difficult ones in the quiz which most of them does not describe how it can be answered in the right way, also it focuses on tricky questions not practical trials for real life situations....overall i found alot better tracks on different sites which made me feel that i wasted alot of time here on coursera.
You're quiz question are too long and too ambiguously worded. I spend more time trying to understand paragraphs than actual code
There are issues with this course. My biggest gripe is that if you do not pass the tests on your first try, the questions and answers will change on your second time around. Obviously this is fine for the questions that you got wrong however it also changes the ones you got right. This makes the tests take MUCH longer than necessary and there isn't necessarily any extra learning gained from this. However, even with the problems with this course, you WILL learn how to use Python. I feel that the course succeeded in that regard - but I'm not sure that this course provides any benefits over following some YouTube tutorials. In conclusion, if you would like to learn how to use Python and don't mind something that is challenging and time consuming, take this course.
I just finished Lesson 1 and I have already found some issues:They said that if you divide 2 int you will always get a float number... That is incorrect because it depends on your Python's version. Ex: Python 2.7.13 (default, Jan 19 2017, 14:48:08)[GCC 6.3.0 20170118] on linux2>>> 8 / 71EXAM QuestionsWhat is the value of x after this statement x = 12 / 3. I answered 4 and the system considered my answer wrong. I presume the correct answer was x=4What is the value after executing this round(45.342). I answered 45.0 and again, the system considered it wrong. (This is really unacceptable that the system is unaware that 45 == 45.0)  I will give this course the benefit of the doubt and keep going on with my next lesson.
Largely uses less efficient, outdated, and counter-intuitive code to teach Python. If I had someone who learned Python from this course added to my team it would take months to correct the bad behavior they learned here.
Very rushed, incomplete examples and gaps in content. I'm not sure what audience Coursera is aiming for, but it doesn't seem to be anyone who doesn't already know a programming language.
The course should include more examples and tasks for students. Also all the question areas in quiz'es and tests should be covered by the open lectures. Felt like incomplete course.
It complicates things that are supposed to be simple and explainable.
Material presented is good for beginners but the courses are boring.
To many quizes per video and too much Teory
This course is not for absolute beginners.  Even though I passed every exam and assignment, I found this course extremely difficult.  I found myself having to rely on other lectures on python and book and internet blogs.  This course is not a stand alone course as it if stated.I wish that there were more exercises where you could practice the lesson that was learned.  I think each lesson should be accompanied by an optional exercise.
I studied it for about 5-10 hours a week (more than needed) and read the (optional) book too. I gave it three starts because of the free demanding exams and assignments at the end of each week. Teaching is fluent at first, but during the last weeks it becomes not difficult but ragged and unnatural. Superficiality grew to be felt more.For the Instructors: File reading, opening, and processing were taught too fast. There was no depth, and I struggled to grasp the methods. Since an important part of a programmers' know-how, this section should be better prepared. Thanks
The course material (lecture videos and readings) and the assignments are clear, concise, and informative. I found these to be engaging, bite-sized means of absorbing critical concepts. All of my problems with the course are rooted in the quizzes. I found the interface clunky, as I could not quickly switch between the quiz and IDLE or copy/paste code portions to easily try them out. Additionally, Having to repeat a quiz again (and again), without any ability to view the nature of the mistakes was very frustrating. When I make a mistake, I expect to be able to review it and assess how I can improve—I do not merely want to be informed that my answer was incorrect, and instructed to repeat the entire quiz. There is not a learning moment there and I found that to be an impediment to my experience. I also feel that, while there are multiple correct answers to many coding problems, expecting multiples of correct answers to be marked was unnecessarily complicated for an introductory course. Ultimately, I think the quizzes could be eliminated and, instead, replaced with more smaller assignments. Still, I will consider taking the next course.
it's well explained, but it's lacking some incentives/ideas for the student to get started with some programming himself/herself. Like the crossword assignment, but as something optional, e.g., with some helper files and ideas how to get started. ("program a labyrinth game - we give you code for detecting keyboard strokes and creating temporary printouts to the screen, etc." / "we prepared a parser that creates wikipedia-like websites. you have to write functions that define formatting etc." / ...)dunno. maybe I am the wrong candidate for the course because even though python is new to me, i know the concept of programming quite well. But even if not
Good introductory course for Python. I personally do not have a programming background  so  i had to invest a lot of time in reading and learning the course. Overall good experience. The lectures are a mix bag , some of them are in very detail and some topics are covered very fast. The assignments gets harder as you progress through the course. Quizzes are bit frustrating , as every time you re-take the quiz, the questions keeps changing. The instructor do response to your questions and queries with in 24 hours.
It serves as a good introduction to the basics of python such as syntax and basic operations.  The course does not cover some of the more advanced operations such as object oriented programming.  The course also does not offer any meaningful assignment opportunities, the majority of the course assignments are small 16 question quizzes that are more of a nuisance than real learning opportunities.
Good course, but, with some problems. The course is not really structured enough. For beginners, like me it can be very problematic to understand the structure. There are lot of technical problem such as video quality and most of the times the scripts can not be seen when the subtitles are open. To sum up, not really excellent course and personally I do not recommend it for beginners.
The course was ok. I found it could use more actual hands on as you go. The exams, especially the final, were tricky. I had to take it several times because they asked for a bit of code and then said don't include the return or other keywords. If the syntax is to have it, why mark you wrong if you include it. It's part of the actual syntax.
The assignments and quizzes often contain material not covered so you have to extrapolate significantly to understand. The software doesn't allow for information on incorrect answers. The classes move slowly and the readings are not wholly indicative of the lesson.
This is a great course to learn the basics of Python. Video and audio quality is low in most classes but if you keep up, you end up acquiring the essentials. It's a great place to start.
I really liked the course as an introduction to python programming. It would have even more great if we could have had more programming assignments for practice.
Good introduction to Python but very basic, not for anyone with programming experience as you could learn all this in about an hour.Audio Quality was quite poor.
Should provide more examples and exercises for every topic. Research the web for additional exercises if you want to learn something here.
It's been a nice course, but maybe a little bit short. Anyway, sinhce it's free, beggers can´t be choosers :). Thanks.
I liked the Assignments but the course was very high-level. Can be a good review.
Assignments and assessments took at least 2 to 3 times as long as described.
It was hard for me and in my opinion this course old for our time, thanks
Couldn't follow because they were using Mac OS Python Shell
Helpful to learn python programming language. Thank you
Few chances to practice before the assignments!
Tthi course is too advance for me.
Very few programming assignments..
This course is very basic
IF YOU'RE NEW TO PROGRAMMING, READ THIS. The course was helpful in getting started understanding the fundamentals of programming. However, what was waaaaay more helpful was the textbook written by the teachers of this course. If you rely on this course alone to teach you anything, unless you already have an in-depth understanding of programming in another language, you will be completely lost. Honestly, I don't even understand how someone could pretend that this is a viable approach to learning programming. It's probably why I've failed at learning so many times before.A much more helpful approach is to get the textbook, PRACTICAL PROGRAMMING - AN INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE USING PYTHON 3, and read the chapters before watching the videos. Almost all of the weeks of the course line up perfectly with the chapters of the textbook, so you don't have to read too far ahead. The course covers chapters 1-11, although not everything is covered. One other helpful trick is to look at the course documents for the week - they often show what chapter and section they are covering, so you can read that specific part before watching the videos.I just finished the course and I am excited to finally have figured out how to get started on coding. Hoping and crossing fingers and toes that the second course in this series is as good as the first.
For someone who has absolutely no background on math, or anything programming. I DID IT AND SO CAN YOU. -The course is taught in small chunks....I agree that Paul explains things a bit too fast, compared to Jen who really talks through each line of code. But use this as a time to really pause, and deconstruct the code for yourself.-The quizzes were a little tough at times, but I learned so much from them. ...Make sure you read up on the textbook (free pdf) for guidance. I appreciate the freedom to redo quizzes and assignments, which helped me learn a lot while not feeling pressured or intimidated. -The assignments were really fun to do....I learned so much from them, and it gave me freedom to code how I wanted to. The third assignment was tough, but in a satisfying way, when it all clicks. -How I got the most out of my experience: I asked questions on the discussion forum, I used the rubber ducky technique to untangle my code, and I tinkered with python while learning the topics.
I learned a lot completing this course. However, the course went from 0-100 in week 5 and the video lectures reduce in time and the intermittent quizzes expect you to to look up things occasionally that weren't even mentioned in the lectures. The end-of-week assessments from week 5 onwards are MUCH harder than the previous weeks and treat you like a uni student, I.e they expect you to not rely on the videos. It will feel overwhelming and you may become frustrated at the course because of how much time you spend  Googling things in order to piece together what you need to know. However, THAT IS WHAT PROGRAMMERS DO. It is an incredibly valuable skill to learn in it's own right, so do not underestimate that. If you are brand new to Python persists through this entire course YOU WILL DEFINITELY FEEL ACCOMPLISHED AT THE END! I do recommend this course, but be prepared to feel frustrated and uncomfortable. That said if you are comfortable, are you learning much?
Fair. I liked the lectures, though being non-native english speaking i had to look some termanology, as some of it was not explained futher than a brief staint of the right side of the page. Previous knowledge with MATLAB helped a lot, as I figured out a lot of the workings, but people starting from scratch might have more difficulties, as I struggled quite a bit with the read and write. I figure maybe it wouldn't be bad to have more throwbacks to previous stuff in the tests, as to really make it connect. Some of it sits pretty loosely in the memory.But overall, I was quite happy with the course! I really liked the assignments - If anything, consider putting in a assignments at the end, that might be a bit bigger and incoorperates more different things from the various courses, and let the course-goer try out what they learned, and maybe have some tools for help, such that everyone walks away with the feeling of having "written a program" :)
This is the first full course I've taken on programming.  As such, I cannot rate the course material as it relates to "real world" use of python for things like data analysis or web design or machine learning (obviously).  My rating is reflective of the content and the material related to that content.  I quizzes and assignments are challenging enough to get you branching out of the provided materials (i.e., using Stack Oveflow or GitHub or Python forums) to understand things.  The mentor for the course was helpful without spoonfeeding information.  I found the course to be challenging and rewarding to complete.  I would have loved more supplemental materials and more thorough explanations of how things like loops are executed or explicit discussions about different ways to approach a task.  In all, I feel like I learned a lot and am ready to take the follow up course.
This is a great place to start with python coding without any experience. I have a small comment for the organizers. It is very difficult to improve learning by way of the review of quizzes as they stand. It only says if it was right or wrong; you can't even see the available answers, or what input was provided. Understanding that it is undesirable to simply give the answer as the question may be recycled in subsequent attempts, if feedback were to be provided explaining why an answer was wrong, it would be far more meaningful. This would be particularly helpful with the written answers where one is left to wonder if it is a simple syntax error, or something grosser. For the multi-answer questions that are wrong, giving partial credit would also be better guidance so you know that you answer is incomplete, rather than wrong.
I am a beginner to programming. I took longer than the stated time to complete all the assignments and quizzes. On the second and third attempts i came closer to the stated time.  Some of the questions in the assignment, quizzes and exam are not clear. This led to more or unnecessary time to complete these sections.Overall I learned a lot and my speed started to increase as I grasped the fundamentals of programming and data structures. It would be great if their are additional or optional assignments that are available to do. I find that learning is greatly enhance and reinforced when I am able to apply the knowledge and skills.Also, I purchased the book. It would be great if there were suggestions for the next steps to continue in reading the book.Thank you
The instructors are great and I liked having the option to slow down/speed up videos and work at my own pace. While it is possible to take this course as a beginner, it might be challenging.Expect studying time to be much longer than suggested (I multiplied suggested studying time by 4 and still sometimes didn't make it). A handful of the videos have terrible audio quality, so those will require extra effort to understand the concepts. Quizzes and assignments take MUCH longer than it says, leading to feelings of inadequacy.Despite all of my complaints though, I would highly recommend this course. Aside from feeling lost a lot of the time, I did end up learning so much and I feel ready and excited to take on more Python courses in the future.
I feel that this course was a great benefit to me in my understanding of the new language I am learning in Python. I would say that the first 4-5 weeks I was able to follow everything to a good degree, and weeks after that I seemed to not be applying some of the ideas and it was taking me a few attempts to pass the assessments. Is this course suited for beginners? I would say yes, this is because the early weeks are achievable and I picked the ideas up having no previous experience with the language. The later weeks you need to apply and combine various things you see in the readings and videos for that week, but they are all there, keep IDLE open and test what you can, it is the only way that you will find out.
I like how this course provides examples and online textbook for each concept of fundamental coding or python. Also, love the female instructor's explanation, the speed is relative slow and easy to comprehend. However, I do not think is course is an easy or very approachable course for people who have zero coding experience to begin with. Comparing this course with U of Michigan's PY4E, this course this more difficult, especially for the design of homework. The week 2's homework is already hard enough for people who never use code to start with. Therefore, I think if anyone is looking for start for programming or python, PY4E is a better course to consider with.
I started learning programming two years ago and are constantly looking for ways to improve my skills. In my search to good resources, this is one of them. I found this course good because it focused on the building blocks for learning to code. It thoroughly explains the different datatypes, loops, functions/definitions, how the interpreter works and how to build a functional program. This said, I believe that there exists better courses / books / tutorials if you have absolutely no experience in programming. If you have some experience in python or from another language, than this is a good course.Cheers and enjoy learningl
Course was really great, I highly recommend it.  I would give it five stars, but I had two technical issues. 1: On mobile devices, the short quizzes that pop up during lectures don't function correctly - instead of just asking the questions that relate to the topic that was just discussed and then moving on with the lecture, the quiz asks ALL the questions (including those on topics not yet discussed). 2: there is a formatting problem in the quizzes that shows the unicode hex for the apostrophe (&#x27;) instead of ' - which is very distracting when working with strings. These seem like easy fixes.
Thank you for your efforts in creating and maintaining this course and its material; I have no comments per se but if I must then I will mention that I have been following other courses as well (I am a beginner) and they cover subjects that are not covered in here (eg. Classes). I understand that this course if for the learning the fundamentals of Python only, but it would have been great to learn about Classes, among other subjects, within this course, I believe it would have made a bigger impact on me as a beginner student. Thank you again.
Overall it's a great course for anyone who's new to programming and wants to start with Python. I wish they would include more complex examples in the lecture videos vs. spending a lot of time on repetitive commands. The assignments were the best way to learn, much better than the quizzes, hence I'd recommend adding another assignment, perhaps a final assignment. Finally it's really great the lecture summaries are provided after every video. Using the python colors instead of simple black and white would make them even greater.
Pro : 1. Instructors explained the fundamentals in details.2. The lessons are concise and with just enough information.Con :  1. This course is not updated to the latest Python 3.5 (even in 2016).2. Many solutions of the quizzes should be explained afterward.3. The lack of interactions between students due to the "design limit" of Coursera.org Overall : A decent fundamental course to help step into Python 3 programming and computer science.
I like this course very much because of practical approach. As I had some programming experiences in the past this course was an opportunity for me to recall some knowledge. I think this course could be difficult task for real beginners. There were some questions or excursuses which I think require better and precise explanation. Time I spend was worth it and now I am planning to go into next courses - Data Science with Python i.e.
I think that this course is fantastic for newcomers and that the moderators and lecturers are very patient and kind to go through all the queries raised by the student. Lessons are short and sweet so it is easy to pick up. However, quizzes should be designed with a lesser steep curve and give students more chances to practice rather than throwing us into the fray. An overall enjoyable experience to cap off after a long working day.
Excellent introductory course to Python Programming. If I could suggest one upgrade, it would be to set more challenging tests and assignments. Also to include explained solutions to tests and quizzes, because sometimes one is left wondering about it and, although is great to figure it out by yourself, sometimes it takes too long while you need to go on with videos (and worst of all, sometimes it was just a typing error!).
I wish the course offered more scripting assignments. The videos were very informative, but I would have like to have more hands on scripting practice. I thought the course was a very well structured introduction. I learned so much about the basics of python, and I think that my understanding of how to write scripts in python execute has grown tremendously. Also, the python visualizer is a great tool! Thanks so much!
I have received my certificate before I was able to improve my marks in the last quiz and final exam! I thought this part would be treated like the parts before with the possibility to improve...The certificate does not say in which language I have learned the fundamentals to program. For 40 Euros I think I can expect that.Apart from that I was very satisfied with the course itself and the help I got.Michael Peters
Design of the assignments could use some improvements. If you fail assignments the first time, I suggest only the parts that you made errors in be re-evaluated not the whole assignment from the beginning.Also instructors should put more time in getting ready so that they don't make so many errors while teaching the course.Also, sometimes, the audio has problems and it's hard to understand.But overall a good course.
This course was great for me as a beginner. It started fairly easy and then became more challenging, which was nice as I was not too familiar with Python. When needed, feedback in forums was there and the instructors were great at responding within a day. I did find that I got lost on some problems since the path of least resistance was trial and error but instructors always guided me back to the fundamentals!
Great teaching! Lectures were very well delivered. Loved the short quizzes in the middle of lectures plus the ones at the end.Assignments were challenging but doable. Following the discussions on the Forum was extremely rewarding, thanks to good contributions by students and prompt replies from Patric (mentor). Came to the program with no background in programming and completed the course well in time.
Great course!  This course deep dives into the Python and provided me immediate hands on coding.  I enjoyed experiments with this language.   The quizzes and final exam were tough but fair.   The only complaint I have is that the python visualization tool quiz questions were confusing.   I like the visualization tool; it allows one to view code execution which was a must for this course.
It was a really helpful course! I had previous experience in programming (I have written scripts in Fortran), but having the opportunity to learn a much modern language such as Python was really entertaining.The assignments were made so that I could utilize each lesson and so did each quiz.I would firmly recommend this course to people with little to none programming knowledge!
Useful course but in my opinion very basic. I expected basic but thought it would take me at least double the time. Still I'd recommend it if you know nothing about programming and want something to start with. It kind of let me thinking I know very little about programming with Python and thinking I want to expand upon what I learned if I really want to make something useful.
Very good for grasping the basics, and a nice structure and succinct lectures. Also includes challenging projects which are the best way of learning, more of these would be good. Exceptional mentors on the forums, particularly Patrick Dennis, who gave very detailed responses and was supportive, and posed further questions and thinking points to all. Very good overall.
I think this class did a good job of teaching programming concepts, but it was not easy. The final assignment was very challenging and it took me weeks to solve it. However, if you have the time and patience to think things out for yourself (with helpful hints from mentors in the forums), you will come away with a good grasp of programming fundamentals.
It's a fantastic course, I just feel like it seriously lacks more practice exercises to reinforce what you are learning while you are learning it rather than having to go back to weeks because you need to look up a topic you didnt really get much practice on back when they were teaching it! Fantastic teachers and material though!
The classes are clear and well explained, the exercises are challenging but not excessively hard and all the content was amazingly well planned and executed. My only problem with the course was the terrible audio quality in the videos. Too many times I had to go back a few seconds to make sure I understood what was being said.
This course was fun and challenging. I couldn't believe how frustrated I was with some of these problems, but was able to find a way thru. I like the method of teaching and exercises. It has helped me continue on the python path. Thanks to the instructors for a job well done. I signed up for their continuation python course.
Overall a really good course. The teachers speak clearly, the quiz and assignments are fair which keep you engaged. The sounds quality could be better and some topics could be explained a little bit further but since this is the part 1, I assume that the finer details will be taught in part 2. Looking forward to it !
As a beginner, I found this course helpful. The approach of teaching is quite good, I also like the assignment which is often the part of a complete and meaningful program. But, I think plotting in python is missed in this course, which is equally important to other sub-course
This course is quite suitable for people who have no prior knowledge of python at all, overall experience was quite good. But I feel like the programming tutorials could have been taught in steps rather (like the one in week 6 - developing a program) than just in one video.
Well thought and very clear. The only reason I don't give the 5th star is because if you make a mistake in an assignment it does not tell you what the mistake was.It would be nice to discover, once the exam is passed, which were the things people got wrong.
Very good and clear introduction with limited practice included.  Could use more challenging practice problems, but honestly, if you want to learn to program you'll have to play around with your code; don't expect to learn just by listening to lectures.
Thank you Jennifer, Paul and Patrick for share your knowledge with us. This is a very good course to start with Python programming. This gives you an overview of Python syntax, loops and basic concepts needed to build up our programming skills.
Great study material, I was really happy with what I learned. However, I do not think it was the very basics of Python programming; I had to learn the basics elsewhere before completing this course, but I still found Coursera extremely helpful!
Decent class where I was able to learn the fundamentals of programming. While I'm certainly not ready to build anything complex and I at least know a whole bunch more than I did when I started. Pretty easy to follow throughout all weeks.
i liked the course, i think more practice would of been good and i felt sometimes some things were shown in the end tutorials and questions that we never went over in the course. I would say it has been a good intro to python though.
This is my first time to try python and It is a good course on computer language python for beginners. Mentors are very helpful and lectures and assignments of this course are made in way to make the basics clear (as done with me).
Course content is excellent and topics covered clearly and concisely. The quiz pages, however, are ridiculously flakey. All it takes is a loose mouse click to turn what would otherwise be a correct answer into an incorrect one!
Its a really nice way to start to get familiar with python. The dynamic of the course is nice since you can work in IDLE together with the videos. Although i think it would be nice to have more practical examples and tutorials
A well structured and informative course overall. Sometimes the instructors tend to assume knowledge or understanding that hasn't been explicitly mentioned yet, so at times it's easy to lose track or backtracking is necessary.
A good introduction to Python, specially to those with no programming experience as is the goal of the course. For more experienced programmers, it might be too easy since it's not intended to go deep in advanced aspects.
Good course for developing muscle memory in Python3 but as someone who has worked in software development previously I found the course to not be a true introductory course to programming but more of a refresher tool.
I've had a hard time completing some of the assignments because some questions were a little unclear or inconclusive, but in general I think its a very good course and takes you a little deep into Python programming.
(+) Instructors were great, material and assignments were thoughtful and appropriate. (-) Open ended quiz questions were vague and the format was too particular. Did not do a good job assessing student's knowledge.
Covered the basics pretty well, but it would have been better if the notes were a bit more extensive, so that the videos did not need to be watched (as I'm not an auditory learner, and get very little out of them)
I think that it is the sensible introductory course for programming.  It looks that the structure and contents of the course are well organised for building knowledge and basic skills of programming via Python.
Lectures are good, and the tasks are challenging in a satisfying way.Unfortunately things get a bit obscure when one makes a mistake in a task - it isn't always obvious what has been marked wrong, and why.
I enjoyed this course very much. The concepts were well explained. I gave only 4 stars because I wish there were more assignments to do instead of the quizzes. All in all great intro into programming.
Informative, structural and challenging course. Teachers are professionals. Thank you.Reading material could be much more detailed and with more examples instead of being a summary of a video.
A bit repetitive at times, but if this is your very first intro to Python it is a great speed. Topics covered represent a decent baseline, and the projects are interesting to accomplish.
The instruction given during the assessment is sometimes unclear. The description is as well sometimes too lengthy that can cause to confusion, especially for non-native English speaker.
i thoroughly enjoyed this course though i am new to programming ,This course has not only helped me learn python fundamentals but laid a good foundation to develop programmatic thinking.
Great course. I would have liked to also learn what other areas of fundamental programming are out there. As in, where to go from here in terms of developing further programming skills.
I liked  the course, but it was more difficult than I expected, and you need more information than in videos to finish assignments. Never the less it was a good course, thanks a lot.
The class was great, and comprehensive up until about the 5th week. Then, everything seemed to get really confusing. I would expand more upon while loops and writing/reading files.
If you already knew something about programming it may be a bit slow, but it helps getting a deep understanding of what you are doing. For absolute begginers it should be perfect.
A little advanced with the concepts, but if you re-watch the videos and take your time with the assignments, it will help give you a greater understanding of the work in class.
Course was good. In my personal opinion this was difficult and not for person with no background in programming. Instructors were good but at many places they just rushed.
Excellent course. Great for total beginners to programming. There are a few mistakes that prevent me from giving it five stars but if I could, I would give it 4.5 stars.
More explanation of reading and writing files would be appreciated.  I could never get these to work so i felt I missed out on a chunk of useful material. Good otherwise
The content is very biginner friendly and easy to understand. However the audio recording quality sometimes not very good. A very good option for your 1st python class!
It's  great course. I enjoyed every lecture. 4 stars just because sometimes videos and book weren't enough for me to understand so I looked for additional online help.
Very good course for me as a beginner in Python and coding in general. I feel I'm in a good place now to dive deeper into Python and learn other languages as well.
Good start to learning programming language.However, it teaches programming through Scratch only. Few additional lectures with C++/Python would have been an ideal.
Exceptional course and teachers.This is an excellent beginner course that offers a certificate as well.Great for the resume and for personal learning.Recommended.
This was a great introducing course. I have no knowledge about programming before doing this course and I was able to understand all and I learnt a lot. Thanks!!
Its a great course bat some videos don´t have traduction to spanish and that its complicated for people like me that don´t understand all the words in english
Great introductory course. Covers a broad range of topics. Would have enjoyed more assignments... However, the assignments provided were a good learning tool.
I highly recommend this course. It opens the door to programming fields. It helps the people to get into programming and being more involved in this field.
Good intro to basics of Python programming that doesn't waste too much time and instils some good habits. Interesting look at memory management by Python.
The course is really focused in the fundamentals and tricks to program code in a smart and efficient way avoiding duplicating lines when is not necessary.
Sometimes a little fast to follow, but very good in general. With this introductory course, I can already start using python for some academic projects.
Good introductory course, some of the concepts were not explained very well, and I needed to seek external help. The quizzes and assignments were good.
There are some things that are questionable and very confusing on the quizzes. Wish this course was a little more updated and using more modern Python.
This code is great to learn the fundamentals of Python. The videos are interactive and the quizzes and assignments will help you practice it in detail.
A very good course for anyone who wants to start learning Python. Enjoyed the quizzes and assignments. Makes us understand the concepts really well.
This course was great, my only complaint is that some of the assignment feedback was not entirely clear, but a little extra time went a long way.
Everything was good except the quizzes and assignments. In quizzes there was no feedback and in assignments you couldn't see the tests.Thank you
I really enjoyed the course and it has been satisfing. I'm going keep studying python also thanks to Dr. Jennifer Campbell and Dr. Paul Gries.
GOOD INTRO FOR SOMEONE WITH NO PROGRAMING EXPERIENCE, THE MATERIAL WAS OK TO FOLLOW AND THE RESOURCES PROVIDED FILLED THE BLANKS, GOOD COURSE!
Good started for learning python fundamental, very recommended for a new programmer who start want to learn Python. Thanks you for the course
Such a wonderful course, it helps the students to understand the concepts of programming and with many quizzes to help them apply the ideas.
Good introduction to computer programming.  If you already know a language, skip this course, if you don't then this is a great start point.
Thanks for this course, Well presented material for study and understandably explained in the video.  Bit I'd like more exercises and tests.
the content was good. I found it helpful. The audio quality was a little distracting and made it difficult to follow some of the lectures.
The video quality can still be improved, and more feedback can be given on homework and quizzes.Otherwise, a great course for beginners.
I like the way the instructors deliver the content, step by step poo-a-poco which made it easy to understand even for beginners like me
This course is good enough to start learning python! I've enjoyed learning language during the course. Thanks a lot for the developers!
it was a very good source for me as a beginner. the sequence also motivated me to keep going week after week. thanks for your efforts
up to week six was good, but then I got lost. I think the instructors should explain the week six material better and go to details.
The course was very informative and interesting. It taught me a lot about the fundamentals of Python and I really enjoyed the class.
This is a fantastic course specially for beginners. Tutors are  highly skilled and clears (nearly) all doubts about Python basics.
A good start, it shows where you can go deeper without overwhelming you. Some parts could be explained a bit more clearly though
I feel like the way the questions in tests are explained could be better. I'd say the same thing for some parts of the projects.
This is a great course for beginners . If you can spend more time after the second week, you will get best out of the course .
Very good balance between giving clues and leaving the student figure out the solution. A good introduction to programming.
i actually enjoyed the course, especially the final exam when my gf came and prayed that i solve it, and guess what? i did!
If you want to start the python from basic, then this is the right platform.There are lots of fun in the course assignment
It's very useful for this lockdown period it will be helpful so thank you for Coursera for this opportunity ..thankyou .
Excellent introduction to Python . Instructors have a very good technique for explaining complex topics in a simple way
Good course in general, some of the descriptions of the functions to complete in assignments and exams were confusing.
This course is very good for the beginners but the last two weeks lack some content which is required for the quizzes.
will be great to introduce other useful operators such as += etc. also, will be great if can teach the basic of OOP.
Quick introduction to the basics of Python.  It was easy to follow, and assignments were straightforward.  Thanks!
Well taught course which does as it says and introduces the fundamentals of programming using the python language.
Great course. Loved that the quizzes were graded without having to pay. Assignments were challenging, but doable.
Some wording in quizzes were a bit ambiguous. Lectures and note summaries were very clear and easy to follow.
Great course. I learnt the importance and use of a good docstring! Some of the quizzes are a bit heavy going.
The approach is very helpful. I already had previous experience with c++ but this course renewed my view.
It was very good. I have found this course very interesting. Both the teachers are very good at teaching
This course covers the basics of Python. I would be nice an introduction to classes and OPP methodology.
Great content that is recommended with companion book, video and sound quality could be better though.
Nice intro, went at a good pace. The assignments were set at a good level: not too easy not too hard.
Easy to follow and very clear. I enjoyed this course much as it was suitable for beginners to coding.
Would be nicer if it had more assignments or topics to be covered with bit more practical approach .
A challenging introduction, goes fast but gives you what you need to get through.  I learned a lot.
could be updated, and the content could be faster., other than that its a great learning material.
the course is pretty good; however, it gets really fast after 3rd week, which is not well-adjusted
Lots of troubleshooting and debugging practice! Very hands-on for an online course! Learnt a lot!
Good introduction to Python. Manageable assignments. Sometimes the quizzes require an awake mind.
Course is very good. Some topics lacking detail explanations. Overall, very good beginner course.
Great course for begginers! good and clear examples. The videos cover thoroughly all the basics
The course is very helpful. It would be better if the lectures can be longer and more detailed.
This course really helped a beginner like me. This course cover from scratch to apply python.
This Course was really helpful for me.Sessions were very interesting as well as assignments
Pretty good course I think. But learning curve is steep, particularly the third assignment.
Very nicely paced introductory course on python. Even newbies can catch the jargon easily.
Very good to start programming in Python. I missed one big assignment to put all together
Very interesting, a good course for beginner. Looking forward for course on python + GIS.
I really enjoyed this course, it was tough but i think that was good as it challenged me.
Great beginner course. Would love more in depth info on importing files to Python though.
nice course .....need some work!!!Mentors are very good.......i really loved this course!
excellent, if you can provide a more advanced one for bioinformatics, we will be grateful
Well constructed, but would love some more examples of applications in the reading part!
This course covered the Python programming essentials in a very efficient and clear way.
Tough for an idiot like me, but taught me way more than I did during my college course
Great course to start with if you want to understand the principles of programming!
A very good and non-overwhelming approach to getting one's feet wet with Python.
A very good course for fundamentals learning and giving an idea of programming
I thought the lessons were all great, but the assignments were a bit too easy.
I wished if I can review my mistakes in assignments and improve my knowledge.
It is a good course. It includes relatively easily comprehensible material
Very well done.  Might progress a little slower than I would have liked.
Very good... Beginners can learn a lot of stuff by taking this course...
Jennifer and Paul are great teachers!Thank you both for the knowledge!
This course could have been better if the TA's were a bit more active.
Good for beginners to learn the basic fundamentals of programming
Useful, but the text is sometimes broken, at least on Chrome.
Great course for learning python, still use it as a reference
Good course to learn the fundamentals of python programming.
It's a lightweight course and easy to understand and follow.
The course gave a great overview of how to code in Python
I would like to have more examples for every week items.
The homework is good but the course is a little simple.
Very practical and good introduction to problem solving
This course really heped me lot in learning python well
It's an excellent program to start learning python.
Very very good course for understanding the basics.
very nice explanation and thoroughly covered topic.
Good for novices, but need more practical problems.
Nice course with very helpful quiz and assignment.
perfect course....and coursera is the best one...
Provides a good overview of the Python Language.
Great couse ! very interactive and resoursefull
I really liked the 2nd assignment with the DNA.
Excellent course for beginners learnt a lot!!
very very precise and interestingly taught.
Very informative and helpful. Thank You!!
Nice course to learn Python Fundamentals
Well designed. Not too easy to be boring
Clear instruction and good exercises
good course for beginners in python
the final exam was a bit too easy.
Good coverage of basics of Python
Good introduction. Quite rigorous
very good introduction to python
Practical tasks should be added
best to learn the python basics
Great introduction to python.
good start to learning python
explained wel, woud recomend!
Good for beginners in python
Materials clearly presented
Need a Chinese traslation.
Intuitive and challenging!
It's good for beginners.
Thanks to all your help
Really a great course!
the course was great!!
really cool course
Hey guys.I've seen the new session started and enrolled just to write the review and a little story about myself.I've taken the course few years ago ( in August 2013) before all the recent changes on Coursera (Specializations etc.).At the moment I was finishing my university and realized - I had no clue what I was willing to do in my life (my primer occupation was "Manager" - like that's not depressing enough :) . *Joking* ). I saw the course and remember I had fun programming on Pascal in high school so I've decided: there is no harm to try programming once in a while.I was so amazed about my first steps, I started few other courses here and at MIT platform. I googled and read everything I could found. That was my "idee fixe" at the time.Long story short, few months later I got my first job as a software developer. Today, 3,5 years later, I'm Team Lead at my current project and one of the most payed employee at my company.I just want to thank Jennifer and Paul, as well as all the course team involved.Also to those who just studying right now - take your time and work hard. It totally worth it.Best regards, Viktor.
This is a introductory course i would recommend.  I especially liked that the instructors took the time to go through the python visualizer and try to unveil some of the background workings in python.
Brilliant Course, I am a total beginner with no knowledge of programming what so ever. The only thing that I know that can help my programming is my typing speed and that's it. And I was able to understand python without any difficulties. There's a little effort in learning new syntax but it gets way much more fun  when you think about working on some problems with that syntax. And many such examples are given in this course which are practical and makes programming fun! Definitely recommend it if you are a beginner like me and do not know anything about programming. Also, python is an object oriented language that falls on the easier side when it comes to learning. So, that's another advantage.
Teachers not only teach python, but they teach how to think like programmer, and precedure to create quality code which is very very rare and value content. Include with his craft on teaching people fundamental of Python for so many year. From professional working ethic (western) or councious working ethic (eastern), they do their very best in the field. I subcribe to a few computer science, computational thinking, how to program, introduction to computer science, etc. But the content here is the best that I un-enroll all other course. I also highly recommend to any other people who would like to learn to program. Thank Teachers!
Great for a fundamental course. I have to admit that I had learnt python a few years back and was using this as a practice and revision course. But I learnt a lot more which I can add to my knowledge.
Don't hesitate even a bit before joining this course. It would prove to be one of the best decisions of your life. I had learned C and Python to some extent before joining this course but, I learned so many new concepts in this course which I didn't know before.Both of the instructors have designed the videos, notes, quizzes and assignments so beautifully that you would never stop progressing through the course and the mentors especially Sir Patrick Dennis is always there to guide you.Things which I think were unique about this course:Use of python visualizerUse of Python IDLE and the inbuilt debuggerVery informative and summarized reading material
I didn't know a thing about programming. Now after two weeks I feel I've learned a lot already! The instructors are awesome! I believe this course is very compacted and it needs a good deal of work!
This was a fantastic class. The course covered a lot more than I expected and the material was quite challenging, but the professors taught in a clear and concise way with interesting examples that made the concepts easy to understand. It's a strange thing to say for an online course where the communication is one-direction, but I actually felt like they were warm and friendly. The discussion forum is very active with quick and helpful responses from the moderators. The exams and assignments weren't just there as a formality as is the case with many online courses, but they actually prompted me to think hard and put in a lot of time and effort to put the things I learned to use. I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning Python for the first time, and I would like to thank the professors again for a wonderful learning experience. Thank you Paul & Jennifer!+ I finished the entire course in 2 weekends because it was so fun and I couldn't wait until the next week. I think that says a lot.
An excellent course, showing what is possible for basic instruction in computer programming in the MOOC format. The lectures are clear and interesting, the quiz material tests the presented material (sometimes in challenging and subtle ways) and the three programming assignments provide a gentle introduction to developing one's own code without the headaches of having to decide in advance exactly what functions to write. Employing an autograder for student-submitted code may have necessitated this approach, but the observant student can benefit by paying attention to the insights obtained about how to conduct top-down design. The skills to be learned in this course beyond the introduction to basic Python syntax are fundamental, indeed, and will stand any beginning coder in very good stead.
If you're completely new to programming AND do not come from a math-physics-chemistry-engineering intensive background, you'll find this course to be a wonderful introduction to programming. The lectures and readings are very well-thought-out and organized. The choice of assignments and questions for the quizzes will enable one to reinforce and apply the concepts being taught in each lecture in the course. I wholeheartedly recommend!If you do come from a technical background, like the one I mentioned above, have facility in abstraction, and are particularly meticulous in the reading of instructions, this course will be very easy for you. That being said, it can be a very fast-paced introduction to Python since one can easily complete the entire course in less than a week. This was the case for me. I highly recommend it for a quick introduction to Python.
100% recommended! This
course exceeded my expectations.It is a great starting
point for someone who does not have any experience coding. It covers all the
topic step by step so you will never get lost.The professors have particularly
good methods to teach the content and all the topics are very clear and
organised.The videos and readings
are in an appropriate length so you can get the required information and nothing
else, so you do not waste your time.Its also possible to progress
with the course in multiple platforms (PC, mobile device, cast to a screen, etc.)
and get the most of it in every platform.I would only recommend
adding a closing video to summarize what the students have learned and to suggest
where to go from here if they want to continue learning more.Great work from the
University of Toronto and Cursera!
I thought this was a very good course, and quizzes were very interesting and forced you to really stretch your Python muscles and question what you really learned so far. The only things I would have liked to see more on this course would be a few more exercises, and ideally a few more videos that help you get a better idea on how Python will compile the code even before you test the concept learned in the Python shell. I still feel like I haven't made enough progress, and would very much like a sequence to this course. With a few more videos easing in on the more difficult problems in the quizzes, and possibly a third programming assignment would make this course even better. I would rate 4.5 stars, but I'll round it up to 5. Thank you!
I took this course a while ago, and it was the first online course I had done so I had nothing to compare it too. I have since done some other programming classes online and it's made me realize how good this course actually was.  The profs are good and communicate clearly, there are lots of questions, posed at the appropriate times, the content is perfect for a beginner: lots of programming, but also a strong focus on the concepts behind the code and *how* it works. I am really grateful this was the first course I took. I think I would feel really frustrated with the holes in some of these other intro courses.
Awesome course, very well structured. Good pace. Not too easy, but when you are seriously trying to complete the course it was also not too difficult. Highly recommend!
This course is really fun, easy and you get a lot to learn. The mentors of this course use simple language to make us understand. The most important part is that the programming language is taught from scratch with a lot (a lot) of fun examples, so you really get to know to how to use the methods and function with different algorithms and approach. The Assignments are great way to boost the learning as you have to work on the logic yourself and also the assignments are easy and have very interesting topics, this makes you willing to take the assignments. I really appreciate the efforts the course instructors have put in, in making all those videos. Thanks  to both the mentors.Personally I would like to say that, I felt like the programming language is spoon-feed to me because from The school I passed, we have to do a lot of effort ourselves to learn even from the teachers there. Thanks again to both the instructors.
My primary goal was to get to know what really happens inside the program when we type any kind of code. In that regard, this course has fulfilled and to be honest, surpassed my expectations . Let me highlight that the assignments are especially something that I loved doing, and I have a learnt a lot about the thought process that goes behind writing any program as well.Therefore, I am immensely grateful to instructors Jennifer and Paul who undoubtedly  have left left no stone unturned in  designing a course which explains the fundamentals of programmimg in python lucidly and efficiently.I feel very confident now in coding with python which is strongly aligned my career goal of becoming a data scientist. I'll be sure to recommend this wonderful course to my fellow aspirants as well. :)
This was a wonderful course. The explanations were clear, with lots of examples.I appreciated the summary sheets that were provided at the end of each lecture, which were very helpful when reviewing material later. The quizzes, both within the lectures and at the end of each week, helped continually test that I was actually absorbing the information I was learning.I also found the transcription of the lecture helpful at times to understand concepts when I was finding that re-watching that section of the audio wasn't helping.The assignments were very useful for putting what I had learned into practice, and the automarking was very helpful for helping me identify mistakes I had made. And importantly, it helped keep me motivated and engaged to improve my skills in Python. 10/10!
I am not an absolute begginer at programming, but this course helped me strenghten my skills and taught me the basics of Python in a challenging and engaging manner. I recommend it specially if you have programmed in other languages and want to enroll in Python, but if you don't, don't worry because the explanations are well done and the forum has a remarkable support for your questions.
The explanation of each module was perfect, every bit was understood. The mentor was also very helpful in the forum. I wish there was a part 2 of the course to keep learning with the same professors.
I successfully completed my programming course today!! Yay me!!
During this course, I often got interested in a part of a lecture and would experiment with things on my own. A three minute video might take me an hour to watch because I wanted to try each thing on my own, not just see it done. They would describe a problem and I would try to figure out the solution on my own before watching them do it. Sometimes I wouldn't be able to figure it out but I'd be in a better position to understand the solution when it was presented.One other aspect I enjoyed was that if I wasn't sure about a test question, I could just use the tools and try it out. Sometimes things would work in a way that was surprising to me but I found that I learned a great deal in the process of testing. It is one of the big reasons that I like formative assessment - its effectiveness as a tool to improve learning, not just to test it after the fact.As much as I enjoyed the course, it also made me think a lot about how I'll do my courses in the future. While I very much enjoy in-person teaching, I've looked at the course as a model for how I might change the way I do retests, allow use of notes, and opportunities for design projects. I know that this first year back in is going to be a busy one but my brain is working and planning.I think part of this is just that as teachers, it is important for us to try things outside of our comfort zones. If we're going to try to help kids, we have to remember what it is like to have those, "what are they talking about" moments? Online lectures aren't as much fun but the ability to pause and take a sidequest was super-beneficial to me. How do I make that possible for my students?I guess part of all this is that after spending half my life teaching in Blue Valley, I am far from having all the answers. I think having the vulnerability to model that you are still learning and still messing up gives students some room to do the same.The ability to learn might well be our greatest gift. Let's keep using it.
What an amazing introductory course for beginners! After watching all the videos and completing the quizzes and assignments, I really feel that I have got a  good foundation in the basics of Python and I'm eager to further develop my skills. Both the instructors were very good, and went through each concept step-by-step in an efficient manner. The regular quizzes were a great test of my understanding of the subject content in the particular week. Personally, the best part of the course were the three assignments, which were wonderful opportunities for the learner to put their knowledge into practice. I had tons of fun completing the assignments, especially the last one involving a word game for which we were to write a major piece of the code. Finishing the assignments and quizzes was very rewarding. Finally I would like to mention how incredibly helpful the discussion forum is. The mentors reply to your questions within hours with comprehensive answers. For absolute beginners looking for a introductory Python course, look no further!
I liked this course. Even though I am experienced programmer in different languages, I chose this course to learn Python. Although I found the Visualizer sessions boring, I completely agree it is very important to teach young or beginning programmers how the memory and data structures behave. I also liked the programming assignments as they were either funny or giving an example of real life problems that can a beginning programmer face in the future and shows him how they can solve them by programming (ant that they can!). The only recommendation I have is to include more programming assignments as people learn programming the best when really programming - answering quizzes is not the same, may work for schools and for grades, but here we are to learn to program ;-)
I retired as an engineering manager 6 months ago after 41 years in the computer hardware business.   I never really did much programming and wanted to take it up when I retired.   I tried some on line reference books but didnt really stay with it.    I really needed more structure.   This course was the answer for me.   I got enough programming from the exercises, lectures, and quizzes that I can now move ahead with more self teaching as I have a grasp of the basics and have learned to use on-line references to fill in the gaps.    This was my first Coursera course and I will be taking others.  Big kudos to Jennifer and Paul, University of Toronto,  and their team for this great class.   I would sincerely recommend this course to others.
In this fine introduction to computer programming, I covered a lot of ground. The course lays out an elegantly constructed approach to the fundamentals of coding with Python 3.4. The videos and materials were filled with elucidating code examples and sensible development practices, all meticulously explained. I've never found a more approachable guide to building well-documented functions or a more useful explanation of how relationships between variables and values are managed during program execution. The quizzes challenged my preparedness to apply a solid understanding of the subject matter. I applaud presenters Paul Gries and Jennifer Campbell for the top-notch way they crafted this excellent introductory course.
I enrolled in this MOOC because I saw from one website that this was the best introductory course in Python programming. It lives up to its reputation of being the best because the topics were presented in good chronological order. The in video quizzes were challenging and the lecture quizzes forced you to think and therefore apply what you have learned. The only thing I could ask for was more programming exercises. There were only three and I felt like I could do one more. Kudos to the instructors and the team for preparing a very comprehensive introductory course in Python programming. For someone like me who wants to start a career in Data Science, I definitely recommend this MOOC.
Years ago I sat an intro to C++ course at university and really struggled, it was just too deep down the rabbit hole at the time.  Now completing this course has renewed my interest in the subject.  Easy to understand videos with excellent explanations of concepts and thought processes.  Relevant questions and tests to ensure the subject matter sticks.  While it's still only a starting point to continue learning, I'm now a lot further down the road than I was when I started.
I would spend 30min during my lunch breaks each day at work to do the course and managed to complete around 85% of the course (excl. quiz/tests) like this so time commitment isn't excessive.

Highly recommended!
Excellent introduction to program, focused on essential data structures and concepts at programming, including how to debug. it prepares you to further go on your own in your programming journey. After not programming for +10 years, It was exactly what I was looking for: To start again from zero. I wish I had this course when freshman at university :-) In addition, excellent programming language choice: Python's syntax is simply very easy, and very friendly for newcomers. I already recommended this course to a friend of mine which wishes to introduce his kid (11yo) into programming. Last but not least, big Thanks and Kudos to Jennifer and Paul for this, you guys rock...!
I just completed the course and could not offer a stronger endorsement. I have tried several avenues to learn Python 3 and this course was perfect for me. The videos are brief, while completely explaining their topics. The textbook is a great reference against the course content (I strongly advise purchasing a copy via the instructors website)  The many tests for comprehension were really appreciated, and the Weekly Quizes, Final Exams and Class Projects solidified what I had learned and where my understanding was incomplete. I venture that over half of my understanding was gained by solving the test/project questions. I am looking forward to the follow-on course.
I really enjoyed learning Python with this course. The pace was perfect - I never felt lost and rarely felt bored. There were several instances where the instructors seemed to anticipate a question that I was wondering about. No sooner did a thought occur to me than they had already explained how a certain concept is applied in a specific situation.This might go without saying, but you must follow along in Python and experiment with each concept as it comes up. I found applying the concepts to be invaluable experience. You might try to burn through the course (it's possible to do more than one week in a single day), but try not to get ahead of yourself.
This is a great course to gain a fundamental sense of programming; it is perfect for a fresh beginner. However it is very fundamental, the load of knowledge and questions in exercises etc. are very minimal given that the focus of this course is to warm-up for a more progressive studying later on. So if one finds the study material not so challenging I would encourage such to play with python out of the course or find thoughts-provoking problems online just to make sure you have a solid foundation of understanding. After all there is no limit on learning and great problems can be solved with such easy-to-use yet powerful tool like python.
Lots to like about this course as an introductory course to programming. I have been a student of programming for 7 years, but still this course helped me relearn the familiar topics as well as introduce me to new concepts that are indigenous to python. Python makes life a lot easier when it comes to programming. About the tutors of this course, their videos were really engaging and they never presumed that the viewer knows the programming vocabulary and traversed every concept step by step leading to the unveiling of the overall lesson. Looking forward learning the second part of this course. PS: Paul, you look a lot like Mark Hamill
I enjoyed the course and did learn a lot. Thank you to the teachers.The material in the first few weeks was presented at a slow pace, perfect for beginners. Additionally, there was enough difficulty in the quizzes to make some questions a challenge which kept things interesting.The only small negative to the course is that it is quite theoretical. Additional simple practice exercises would be beneficial to actually provide coding practice on each concept. However, I was able to find these kind of exercises on other websites to supplement my learning.I will be continuing on with other Python courses on Coursera.
This is a great course for someone just getting started with programming in python. It covers the essential fundamentals for learning the language and does so in a captivating manner. There is material for reading and later review. The videos are also great because the topics of the videos are explained in a simple and easy to understand way. You feel like you a being guided by a teacher. Also the quizzes during the videos really help with reinforcing the learning by forcing you to do active learning instead of just passively watching the video and going: "I remember all that and understood everything."10 / 10
Have started and stopped various online courses in the past, and after reading up online for recommended courses to take; chose this program and was able to get through this course within 5 weeks - thoroughly enjoyed the course, it was well paced and the assignments and quizzes were suitably challenging and felt accomplished after completing them; and appreciate the active responses on the forums to my questions.  There were times where the videos could have gone slightly faster in pace, but all in all; I highly recommend the course and will be looking to continue to the Crafting Quality Code program next.
It really helps me to have a preliminary understanding of Python,and now I know how to write a simple program by myself, in the future I will continue to learn Python and hope to make a great progress in this field,even though I major in Civil Engineering, I like computer programing,so I do really appreciate the University of Toronto for their selfish share and the teachers for  the hard work they have done. And I know Jordan Peterson is a psychological professor in the U of T, I have seen his public debate with a host, I really admire his  rationality.Hah~~ That's all!
I loved this course! It wasn't too easy, the assignments made me cry, break my head, workout, pray a little bit. But the joy of finally getting it right is worth it all. I learnt a lot from this course and would recommend it to people just getting started. I had no experience with Python at all (just basic HTML and CSS) but just stick with it and get the textbook. Also, the discussion forums are amazing and everyone should use them. The mentors always get back in time and are helpful in the way they explain without giving away the answer. On to the next course for me!
Great class on fundamental programming.  This course teaches the student programming even if one does not have a background at all in programming, let alone Python.  The instructors try to drive home the process of a programmer and how important it is to understand, not only what an expression or operation does, but also why and how Python computes lines of code the way it does.  The quizzes are fair and balanced and the assessments apply the week's materials effectively.  Highly recommended for a beginner in Python even with some programming experience.
Very good course!Very usefull from fundamental point of knowledge. You'll build basics of 'how to create BEAUTIFUL code'.I've took it after having some practice in python. So I've completed it really fast. 100% wort it!Thank you a lot! Will join the second part tomorrow.P.S. Before entering this course I've already passed another one (Russian course on Stepik by Bioinformatics Institute) + completed additional practice excersises (pythontutor.ru).Highly recommed to take these for further or advance practice for Russian students.
This course was amazing.  The instructors did a great job of introducing new facts in a clear and very understandable way.  The in-video questions were a great addition and ensured you were following the concepts they had just presented.  As well, the quizzes and assignments consolidated what you had just learned - it was great to get immediate feedback on how you were doing.  I knew nothing about Python before and took this course as an intro to going deeper into machine learning.  This was definitely a great step.
This is the best intro python class I have ever seen. I've tried to learn python on and off for a few years and each class I took ended up moving too fast at certain points and I eventually quit. This class has the perfect balance of being challenging enough to require some thought but also being doable and achievable. I especially loved the function design recipe that is taught early on. I have not seen any course that teaches this structured approach to designing functions. That is a skill I will never forget.
This course is excellent for beginner.  The concepts in the video is clearly delivered and the quiz and assignments are very well created to make you think and fill in the gaps which the videos intentionally left out.  I particularly like this arrangement, because it actually make us think more and reinforce what we have learnt in the lecture. Everytime I think I have learnt it all through the lecture, I found myself still learn ing a lot more after the assignment. Thanks for making this amazing course.
Everything clearly explained, the assignments are strong advantage of this course. After watching a video it's possible to read everything once again, as almost every lecture (besides only 2 of them) is also prepared in the written form. I recommend to attend this course along with their book, marked as "optional reading" - then it'll take a bit longer to complete this course, but this book covers also another aspects (17 sections with excercises for each). Wish they'd do something for Java and SQL!
I really enjoyed the forum help with Dr. Patrick, and the video lessons and the professors are great. I like how they explained everything, and how you could follow along. I also like the way it's laid out, as it made it easy to learn. I am glad you can do the quizzes and assignments multiple times, as it allows you to learn from your own mistakes, which makes the lessons better understood. Thank you, I am glad I was able to take this course, especially from my computer located in Michigan.
This course taught me a lot because since I finished my bachelor studies I didn't use any pragramming language and it helped me to remind features and concepts, among others.As a lot of people said in other opinions, this course isn't intended for beginners because in advanced lectures I had to look for info/help in the inner course forums or in the internet.I missed some optional exercices for each lectures to give an extra knowledge but in a general view I recommend this course!
Many thanks to Paul and Jennifer!It was a pleasure to me every time I started a new week. The course materials and lectures are well-organised and simply explained. And also I liked little features I learned about Python. The Assignments were really practice-oriented. I believe it was the best way for me to learn how to write a program (design steps & many advices & everything step-by-step). It was the first course I made till the end. Definitely one of the best courses on Python.
A very good course
I think it accomplishes with its purpose and covers the most important elements about Python and programming. 
All the information and modules have clear and neat organization and it's really easy to follow the lessons and complete the assigments and tests. 
The assigments themselves are very challenging and push the students to use the knowledge aquired in the lessons and lectures. 
Overall, I am very happy with this course and I would defintely recommend it.
Amazing course. I had no experience in coding and haven't used real maths in 10 years. The first 2-3 weeks were a bit more frustrating than the rest of the course with the expected steeper learning curve, but the satisfaction for completing feels amazing.  They way they teach, along with the platform itself is incredible, I'm genuinely shocked how much I was able to pick up in the time that I did - feels like a perfect intro to programming concepts and practical experience.
Really like the short lecture, quiz, and assignment structure. well organized, presented, and illustrated. The quizzes and assignments are also good components to enhance the learning. You have multiple or unlimited chances to get the quiz and assignment right. This is good for serious learners. The only unsure thing is in the quiz feedback, you don't see your original answer, though you could copy / paste it by yourself. This is not necessarily negative.
Perfect for those who had some programming background but not used for 10+ years like me. The course has a reasonable increase in difficulty and the quiz during the lectures were very helpful in understanding the contents. The HW enhances your learning of the lectures and has lots of similar options so please be very careful. I would recommend the lecture of read and write to add more examples in distinguishing similar functions.
Amazing helpful course that took me step by step to learn Python. The videos, explanations, pop-up quizzes, weekly quizzes and assignments were helpful and encourage learning.If you already know Python, you might find this course too basic but it was fine for me.The discussions are informative and the mentors and other students are helpful creating a good learning experience.I truly enjoyed it and learned a lot ! Thank You ^_^
I LOVED this course! Not only did I learn so much, but the walkthrough of the code was so helpful. I also really liked the mini quizzes during the video lectures.  I will continue to use the visualize tool as I continue my journey into this new skill. I would like to extend a very big thanks to the fantastic instructors and moderators. I will be on the lookout for more programming courses from the University of Toronto!
Thank you Jennifer and Paul for making such a wonderful course and making all the material available for all. I have manage not only to code but also to build my own first game in Python. The learning journey with you are both fun and challenging. I am truly grateful for all the hard work you have dedicated into this course and looking forward to explore more coding courses with you. Thank you very much! Xie Xie!
Awesome! I already had a very good idea about programming, so it was kind of fast to go through this course. As always, I learned a lot by listening to all the basic principles of programming again. Different people have different approaches when teaching, which makes sometimes easier to understand things that haven't been much clear yet. Special thanks to UoT and Coursera, you've made learning easy and fast!
As someone who needed a refresher in Python (having first taken this in university, many years ago), this was a great course with many useful tutorials and examples. It taught me how to think through problems a lot better than Code Academy, and I felt that the material was at a good level. I will be taking the follow on course and hopefully this provides a good foundation for my learning into data science.
Jen and Paul are one of the best professors that I have seen so far. They have explained concepts in a very organized and interesting manner. They have designed this course with great excellence and have developed a best way of testing our learning by grading quizzes and assignments online within a matter of seconds. I will feel lucky to get a chance to learn personally under the guidance of Jen and Paul.
This was a great introductory programming course. I've tried other courses on different sites before and have given up due to lack of solid examples and explanation. This course kept me interested due to its format and pace. The use of video lectures with questions throughout, quizzes at the end of units, and challenging assignments led to an engaging course and a solid understanding of the material.
I never knew I will be able to do this because I was a Cpp student and the syntax of python was completely different too, at first I felt like it was difficult but later I came to understand that it was much easier than Cpp to code on Python. I am also very much happy with the course the video lectures were so clear and the practical way of learning made me easier to practice the lessons every day.
The course is an excellent intro to Python and programming languages in general. The teachers were precise and clear in their language, and taught at a pace that made it very easy to follow along. I appreciated their efforts to encourage best practices early on, particularly teaching the debugger tool and python visualization tool so that we really understood what was happening in computer memory.
This is the first MOOC that I've done and it couldn't have gone much better. The presentation is good, the examples are useful and the pacing was just right for me. You could probably get through the material in a lot less than seven weeks if you wanted to, but I found that the pacing allowed me time to experiment with the various concepts discussed in the videos and to improve my understanding.
Very good introductional course. I strongly recommend to pause videos and try implement code before instructors (especially during later weeks, when you have enough knowledge to figure solutions out on your own). The course was delivered in a very understandable and consistent way. After this course I have an impression that I managed to think in a programmer way (of course on a basic level)
Excellent course from basic to mid level. Anyone wants to start with data analysis. This course is a must.I found it to be a bit tough, since my programming back ground is minimal. But hey if I exist, so can you. Get along keep revising, every time you revise, concepts gets clearer. Dont lose heart if you cant get it right first time, do it 10 times, then things would get much clearer.
Perfect course for everyone who wish to learn how to program even you are not new into it but you are new in Python as me. I am very thankfull to Jenn and Paul for their videos and knowledge they shared with us. The workflow is easy with them and you don´t need to google almost anything else than what they show. I am looking forward to any other course they will come up with. Thanks!
The instructors are awesome. The quizzes and assignments are written in a way that requires you to really understand the information. The problems to solve are non-trivial, which means if you pass this course you actually learned how to program. I love the Python language for it's syntax simplicity. Finishing this course was my first step on my path to becoming a data scientist!
Amazing teachers!Very clear speaking, i'm not even native but didn't have any trouble understanding their EnglishStep by step explanations, perfect for beginnersVery good coding practices!The course focuses on programming for general situations (from 0 to n and not a fixed value, always)Tests results offers good feedback most of time, the "assignments tester" works flawlessly!
Super clear course. Pace is good. Every week the content is manageable, so you don't feel overwhelmed yet still learn a lot. Only thing missing: at times the courses teaches syntaxt that is not very Pythonic, instead opting to teach a "C style" kind of programming with for loops. Could definitely improve if they also teach you how to do things the Python way, short and simple.
Well designed introduction course on programmation, clear instructors, easy to pass and assignments automatically graded.Unfortunately some quizzes don't work on the mobile app (you can't read the whole code), but you need a computer for python anywayIt only covers the basics so if you already learned a bit of coding in any language, you should aim for a more advanced course.
Great class, the progression of lessons is very well balanced. The quizes are very relevant to the learnt material. Some of the assignments can be challenging, but a good challenge. I struggled a bit with the file reading and writing as I didn't feel the lecture covered it in enough detail, but I manged to figure it out with enough trial and error. Overall a great course.
I have really enjoyed this course, it has taught me a whole lot about the python language and how to use it extensively, so much as to even be able to visualize and understand a lot of functions without having to use a visualizer. I strongly recommend it for anyone who wants to venture into the python programming language or already knows it and just needs a refresher
Challenging and super helpful course!  Made all the difference in understanding the basics of programming, and what you can do with it, in terms of development scope. Nice training approach and tasteful, yet though provoking format. Decent Forum for researching questions.  I did find the question / answers a little daunting and didn't submit any questions myself.
This is the first time I've ever done any programming or coding of any kind. I haven't been known to be computer or math savvy, and with the help and instruction provided by the course - I was able not only to pass, but to receive 100% on quizzes and assignments. I was able to do it at my own pace which gave me the opportunity to really learn the material. Great!
My name is Jose Antonio. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career ( https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11) I did this course to get new knowledge about Data Science and better understand the technology and your practical applications. The course was excellent and the classes well taught by the Teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Teachers.Regards
Hands down the best course on Python3 I have seen in any MOOC. I have done other courses from Coursera on Python as well, the professors of this course are absolutely great. The style of teaching, the practical approach, accurate prediction of what could cause confusion among students, and assessments that truly test the depth of understanding, all stand out.
Excellent Course for complete beginners to Programming. It really dives deep into the fundamentals and makes you very proficient through constant mini-quizes during the videos as well as larger quiz's at the end of each week. The larger programming assignments are also excellent as deepening your understanding and leaving you confident of the concepts taught.
As an introduction to programming, this is a perfect course. The pace is good for someone who is keen and interested in learning, and if the content is too fast then you're always free to pause and review videos/materials. I would had likes more programming challenges, rather than just quizzes every week. The assignments were a good way to test your skills.
Great course. Professors and tutors are always willing to come foward with a solution or answear asap when asked. And not in an easy-given-response way: they make you do your on way through, not just throwing correct answers. Initially I didn't thought i was going to buy it but definitively I will because of what I learnt and how I was treated. Thank y'all
Overall an excellent course. Even if you're already acquainted with Python, this course has a lot to offer, in particular a lot of very useful insights into the inner workings of the language(how it stores and manipulates data) and best practices for creating functions. The bases of python are treated through a detailed and comprehensive approach.Thanks!
I highly recommend this introductory course. It is easy to get into it, even with zero pre-knowledge and the lectures and quizzes make it easy to advance at a surprisingly fast pace. Online support in the discussion forum is perfect. The responses are super fast and guide to a positive outcome without just giving the answer to a programming problem.
This course explained all content at a very good pace, with enough examples, clear definitions and nice summary-notes. The questions in the videolectures, the exams and the programming tasks kept me motivated by asking questions where I didn't just have to repeat what was taught, but activly had to search for a sollution. I loved it. Thank you!
very good course for beginners to python or to coding in general to understand the fundamentals. If you are already experienced in another language this may be too easy for you as it goes over basics like for loops and while loops, however if you are completely new or have done some coding in another language but are rusty this is perfect.
This is my first Python course so I have nothing to compare it with. From a learning perspective I found the course to be a good start. Each week concepts moved forward from the concepts of previous lectures. Also I liked how questions and programming assignments had thorough test cases which challenge your understanding of the concepts.
This is an excellent course for anyone who is learning to program for the first time. Also, for people with some background in other programming language (as in my case)  this course helps to get quickly started with python. Lectures and quizzes were engaging. I thank Coursera & University of Toronto for offering such a beautiful course.
Really enjoyable course. I had no programming experience in any language, and I felt comfortable with the pace and rigor of the assignments. Instruction was clear and the mentor in the forum was very responsive. If you're looking for a primer in Python that will prepare you to develop your skills via practice, you're in the right place.
The course does a good job of covering a lot of the fundamentals of computer science without getting stuck spending too much time on a particular language's quirks. I also liked that it focused on *actual* fundamentals like variables, control flow and data structures, and not on secondary things like formatted printing and input/output.
Oh I just llllove it! So difficult during the last three weeks (opening files and Assignment 3), but if you keep going, you'll finally make it. Unbelievable!Thanks a lot! The course is organised really well: one has an opportunity to practise while learning theory and solve interesting challenges in weekly quizzes and the 3 assignments.
Excellent course to start with Python, would certainly recommend this course to fellow coders. This is my first mooc and coursera made it very simple for a starter like me. Can't really decide on the ambiguity of the importance given to certification of this course in real-time, I'll consider buying in the yet to come courses to learn.
A great course for beginners. Compared to other python courses this is a compact course with just the right amount of topics. Would have been better if more assignments were present compared to quizzes. You may keep an introductory python book in handy to bring out the best of this course. All in all, it was fun doing this course.
Fantastic introduction to basic programming materials. Some of the test material was a little difficult as it wasn't covered in the course, but the ability to test and solve problems utilizing the Python Visualizer and the Python shell prompted good problem solving practice. I would definitely recommend this course to my friends!!
Great course for someone coming from unrelated languages. Some of the pacing seems off (some sections expect you to learn fast, while some seem easy) but it's a really great course for learning some Python basics. You can easily do work on desktop text files by the end of this, which actually helps me at home and on the job.
The course is great for absolute beginners as it considerately explains the basics and provides lots of examples. The tutors are experienced and very competent, do not skip even sometimes obvious elements in order to create a logical sequence of actions. The resources are provided and the projects are quite entertaining.
A Fantastically Designed online course that keeps you actively engaged with quizzes and assignments. I found myself finish the course much faster than expected just because I was excited to move forward to the next step and felt like I was grasping the information much faster than through other mediums. Highly suggested!
Very good course. Knowledge is packed into nice lessons, lecturers know how to explain everything very easily - step by step. Tests and assignments are challenging (as for me) but gives a lot of sattisfaction when completed. I would definitely recommend this course for people who want to understand basics of programming.
This course really teaches to the student what is included in course. It is hard as it should be, not overwhelming and not easy so it is at the perfect balance especially. Though do not have any programming background, only have maths, statistics and economics background. I would advice the course for beginners like me.
One of the few course that kept me interested all along the 7 weeks. It is indeed introductory but its structure is excellent for this purpose. The quizzes, tests and assignments help you learn and understand what you can not apprehend form the lectures. I would recommend it to everyone who wants to start with Python.
Great beginners introduction to programming in Python. The professors have great lectures and notes and really do a great job of teaching students good practice. The quizzes can be challenging and the programming assignments are practical. I would recommend this course to anyone that is trying to learn how to program!
Easy to understand introduction to Python. I've tried a few different books and platforms as an introduction to Python and this is the best by far. They explain how Python steps through the code as it's executed, which is often not explained by others, and help you understand it from the CS side as well. Well done!
I feel like I have learned a lot. Now I am ready to begin writing programs. I would recommend, however, that programming exercises in which one writes entire programs should be added to the courses. Maybe not as requirements, but as optional assignments. Overall, however, the course is very useful and informative.
I find this course exciting and challenging. I expected just another python introductory course but the material and teachers are above the expectations. Actually this course is more about the basics of programming than python itself, one can apply the same principles presented here to any programming language.
I learned quite a few new things from this course, such as calling functions inside functions during a control flow statement, especially in the last assignment.  This will seriously help me in the future as I continue to learn programming. As an IT professional in networking, I was very happy with this course.
The instructors are very good at explaining these fundamental concepts of programming. There are a lot of examples, and exercises so you can practice. I also love the fact that they emphasize good practices like function docstrings and commenting your code from the get-go. Whole heartedly recommend this course!
Not too hard but not too easy.  Just enough challenge.  For a fundamental course touching on memory address I think that's impressive.  I would suggest course title with the word Python in it.  Learn to Program in Python:  The Fundamentals.  There is no shame in letting people know you are teaching Python.
Very intuitive course! The course material answers even the slightest issues I had during the course. It felt a bit challenging for non-skilled programmer although the assignments were very well explained and that helped a lot. Moreover, I learned to assess the problem and organize it into smaller pieces.
Awesome course! As someone with little experience with programming, I feel a lot more confident after completing the course. The instructors have a clear and approachable teaching style, and the discussion forum mentors are also great and give feedback quickly. The in-video quizzes are especially helpful.
This is a great, step-by-step introduction to Python. You may feel like you're moving slowly, but you move slow to move fast. The professors are thorough and pleasant. There's a lot to take in if you're new to programming, so be patient with them and yourself! You're literally learning a new way to speak!
The whole course was very exciting , it was my first time programming with python , and i have to say that at sometimes i found myself in very challenging situations where i had to do research and find solutions to the given problems, also i have to thank  the mentors for their support . Gracias totales!
The Instructors are passionate and down to earth, they explain concepts in an easy to grasp format for Python beginners. The quizzes and assignments really help you synthesize and internalize the main concepts of the course. I highly recommend this course to anyone with an interest in Python programming.
This course was very thorough and detailed enough that I felt comfortable with each topic by the end of the week. The assignments were challenging enough to be engaging, while still being appropriate to the level of knowledge. The forums were incredibly useful as well. Overall a very enjoyable course.
Coming from a non-CS, non-Engineering background, this course took me much longer than I'd hoped. Nevertheless I'm glad I stuck with it. My Pythonic skills are so much better for it. It's satisfying to be able to go back and easily solve previously difficult problems. Highly recommended for beginners.
It's a great course. As a learner, we need to be patient. Some parts of the course seem tedious, but that's great for further familiarizing Python. Especially some trivial things teachers emphasized repeatedly would help you avoid a lot of problems when you start writing programs for practical usage.
It's an excellent programming course for a beginner. Questions and homework can check your understanding. For reference, this course covers the half of the book "Practical Programming 3rd ed.". Though you don't have to buy the book for this course, it will help you to understand the Python language.
I think this course is perfect for beginners in python / programming in general. In my opinion, it focused on the right things (understanding the basics like how python stores variables, executes loops, etc.) and the content was a great way to get up to speed on the basics of python pretty quickly.
This is a tough beginner's course, it forces you to dig deep. It offers much more than what is to expected from a comparable Udemy/edx/etc course. If you are reading this while searching for 'THE PERFECT PYTHON BEGINNERS COURSE' drop everything else, start this one right now and don't look back.
A great introduction to Python. Having previously learned VB in school this was a great way to get back into programming and learning all the new syntax. The course does not hold your hand too much but the lecturers are great and explain things in great detail - looking forward to starting LTP2
An efficient course for beginners. Got to learn python very easily and I'm happy that I could program to prepare a game of my own. And that stack frame part was awesome; One who had no information about programming would otherwise never understand what goes on inside after we type the program.
This course was very informative for me. I had not had any previous experience in coding, and decided to try it out. This course was well-taught and I now have basic knowledge of how to write code in Python. I now have an interest for programming, and will likely continue coding in the future.
In my opinion, I've tried other courses that teach python but this is the by far 100/100. not only teach you about the language but also teaches you about things like memory and how a programming language works under the hood. My best recommendation if you are a beginner or an intermediate.
Comprehensive beginner friendly python course. Main plus to this course is how involved the mentor is on the discussion forum. You won't get stuck because someone has already asked your question and if they haven't, the mentor will answer quickly with just the right amount of feedback. :)
It is a great course. Although it was my fist approach to Python I already had experience as a programmer, that I think it is necessary to be successful in the course. It would be glad to know from the teacher the next milestone they recommend. Thanks Coursera for these excellent courses.
It was a wonderful course. When I started the course I know nothing of python but now I am pretty goodat python. I learned from great instructors and I am proud of it.Thank you all, instructors, mentor(@Patrick) and other classmates to help me during the course.I am grateful to you guys.
Good explanation and a lot of well structure knowledge for absolute beginners. I tried learning programming for some time and this course finally made a difference for me.    Some tests are frustrating - You don't really know why you are failing and which parts of course you should redo.
The training material and trainers did an excellent job and they navigated through the course with ease. The sessions were good and some practices and quizzes made the course very interesting and challenging. For a person who does not know to code, this is a great program to start with.
Extremely well balanced and insightful course that teaches the basics of python in a simple and effective way.The inclusion of assignments and in-lecture questions make the course interactive and appealing and the teachers have done a great job explaining the course content effectively.
A very good starter course for someone that has never learnt any code, very progressive and well explained. I recommend strongly to code everything during the videos, to understand what you are seeing and get used to it. This will make the quizzs and assignments much easier afterwards.
Easy to follow lectures and comprehensive materials makes this course a good stepping stone to learning about the fundamentals of programming. The quizzes further reinforces the learning and assessments are interesting and provides insights on how programming is used in everyday life.
I really enjoy the course. It helped me to solidify the fundamentals and helped to understand what I don't know before. Really thank you two teachers have explained everything so carefully and patiently. I will join the following courses if your college to learn the PYTHON.Sincerely
I had started a number of other online Python courses before finding this one. The instructors, Jennifer and Paul, are fantastic. Their calm, clear explanation of fundamental python concepts kept me motivated and allowed me to finally finish an online course in Python. Thank you!
I loved how the courses assumes no previous knowledge, and allows for a slow build of coding know how. I especially enjoyed the examples that I could code along with in IDLE. I don't pretend to understand coding after this course, however think that it is a could foundation for f
The use of demonstration and written instructions in the videos make the lessons very easy to follow. The quizzes in the lessons are very relevant. The tests and assignments make the learning more meaningful! This is by far the best instructional course for learning programming.
I love this course for it addressed a lot of the basics which I am not fully able to handle all this while. Thanks to all the instructors, you all have done a great job in this course! The Final Exam is so challenging and it took me 3 times to pass the Final! Thank you so much!
Excellent Course!! it's great for beginners, it contains very good explanations and the teachers are always answering the forums very quickly which is nice. A special thanks to them. The only thing I would add to this course is more practical exercises such as the assignments.
An amazing course which focuses on the basics of Python in a very clear manner. The practice assignments were of great help. All the quiz and assignments ensure that we understand the concepts better.  I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to start learning python
great course! instructors explain content well.  though this is a beginners course, the time it takes to complete tasks is not as listed. which is okay, just a reminder that some people may need more time to complete each task and understand them well for videos and quizzes.
A truly awesome course that I highly recommend to anyone new to programming. If you're serious though, you should get a book to supplement what you learn here, whether it is the recommended book from the course or one of the many free e-books that concentrate on Python 3.x,
A great course for beginners! Both the instructors were evidently skilled and knew how to explain the course content in a simple yet understandable manner. Thoroughly enjoyed the course and would definitely recommend it for beginners hoping to learn the basics to python.
Thank you Professors Paul Gries and Jennifer Campbell! I recommend this course to anyone interested in programming, because it very well covers the fundamentals, and that's the most important aspect when you start learning something new. You're learning all that matters.
Thanks to you both!  I found your presentation concise and pleasant.  You gave enough examples that I could reference them later on if I needed them, but not so many that it bogged down the pace of the class.  I look forward to the next course you produce.  Thanks again.
I really loved this course! What I liked the most (besides the video classes) were the fact that when I was uncertain about something I could ask in the forum and the teacher would reply as soon as possible. I'm definitely going to keep studying, thanks for this course!
As a beginner, I could easily understand 90% of the lessons. Other 10% I had to google to understand the lessons better. The three assignments are great. They require utilization of the lessons covered. Problems on the quizzes makes you think. Great fundamental course!
Thank you for having giving me my first experience in computer programming. The settings of the assignments timeline was great; it gave me the opportunity to finish the course after the deadline on October 6. I hope to have another course with beautiful souls like you.
The course follows a good structure and pace. The lecture videos are easy to follow and are complemented with lecture summaries that I found extremely helpful in order to remember the content. Overall, a well taught course to get familiar with Python. I recommend it.
Great course! with no programming experience at all, and in a bit more than two weeks, I feel like I really understand the basics of Python programming. I have even already applied the knowledge in my work! Thanks to articulate lectures and a right set of practices .
Great beginner course, but will stress that this is very much a beginner course. For anyone with good understanding of other languages, you will find this very easy and somewhat redundant as it spends a good deal of material teaching the fundamentals of programming.
Really enjoyed this course, especially the assignments.  Some of the lectures seemed brief and you do have to research some information outside of the course.  Most importantly when doing the exams, IDLE and using the console are the best way to learn, test and pass
This course was put into small bite size pieces with a good mix of theory and practice. It's short and sweet.  I would recommend this for anyone who has a reasonable sense of logic and arithmetic and looking to begin programming.The mentoring was incredibly useful.
I liked the course. I liked it how how it was paced and organized. I am fairly new to the idea of computing but i believe that i can now jump into next level having learned the fundamentals of the programming based on python. Thank you to the Teachers and mentors.
As a complete beginner, I've found this course very good introduction to programming. It is not so hard, but also there are some challenging problems to solve, so you can expect to learn more than you hope in those 7 weeks or less (for me, it took about 20 days).
I had no background in Python starting this course. The concepts were presented so they are clear and easy to pick up, and the reflective exercises were simple yet challenging. I think the course was very well designed and highly recommended it for any beginners!
Really a great course for beginners. You will learn the basics in the best possible demonstration. The tutors have covered all the minute details of all concepts. Really happy to enroll for this course and learned so much so quickly. Thank you very much, tutors.
Excellent course, the videos and course materials are clear and concise. The assessments are difficult encouraging you to think and properly assimilate what you've been told in order to be able to pass them but nothing in them is not within the course structure.
it was an awesome course. all the contents were nicely taught.i liked the assignments the most,which were not designed to be impossible for a beginner like me,but wasnt too easy either.i had to put some hard efforts to get through.thank you all the professors :)
This course was great and provided a great intro into programming basics via Python. One qualm I had was that some of the quizzes contained answer choices related to topics from upcoming lectures, which could throw you off. All in all it's a great course though.
Course is good, with a good balance of exercises and video content. There was a small glitch with the content formatting in the quizes (html special characters) that made it a bit hard to read the text at times, but other than that, I'd give say it's ('*' * 5)!
Systematic and progressive course to get a hang of basic python programming. Assignments are adequately challenging and fun, showing how the skills learnt can be applied to some fun ideas. Very active forum which provides lots of help for anyone having trouble.
This course is an absolute best for beginners. Being new to programming, I had all the help I needed to understand the course from the mentors on the discussion forums. My only advice is this : keep seeking help whenever stuck and you'll gain a lot at the end.
This course was amazing! I learned quite a bit and the quizzes and assignments were perfect to test my knowledge. It was paced perfectly and the material was presented in a way that was interesting and fun.  If you want to learn Python, I highly recommend this
Very clear instructions, useful examples, practical exercises.  The code assignments were challenging enough, and I really liked that they are auto-graded.  Well done on building this course, I learned a ton about Python syntax and basic concepts.  Thank you!
Pace was great and lessons were easy to follow. I recommend following along during lectures and programming the lecture examples. This course offers a lot to programmers that already know another language and want to implement Python into their current work.
I'll admit that, at first, I thought the course was going to be boring and clunky. HOWEVER, the lectures were clear, concise and even clever. The quizzes and assignments were tough, but that helped me learn the content. Overall, 5 stars and highly recommend.
This was a great course. The real learning happens when you do all the examples along with the instructor and all the examples on the quizzes and exams in your head, then in the shell to test what you know.  I love the systematic approach to function design.
Strong introduction to programming. I enjoyed how the instructors went through every little detail of what was happening on the screen and behind the scenes. Assignments and quizzes were appropriately challenging. Highly recommend as an introductory course.
Before starting this course, I don't know what or how python programming is. Started from the scratch, i understood the basic terminologies used in python. even a simple one was explained in detail.This course  helped me to elevate my programming knowledge.
I LIKED THE COURSE BUT DUE TO FINANCIAL PROBLEM CURRENTLY I AM NOT ABLE TO PURCHASE THE CERTIFICATE FOR THIS COURSE AS I AM UNEMPLOYED. HOWEVER, I WILL SURELY SUGGEST THIS COURSE TO MY FRIENDS AND IF I ABLE TO GET THE MONEY I WILL GET THE CERTIFICATE ALSO.
This was a fantastic course and very well taught. The pace was perfect for me, and I really enjoyed stopping in the lectures briefly to answer questions and check my understanding. The assignments were fun and so rewarding when you got everything to work!
This was a really good introduction to python. Although it felt a little slow at times, I'm sure that nobody would have been left behind. Would recommend it for new programmers, or people transitioning to python who want a good grounding in the language.
It was very useful to learn Python from scratch to an intermediate level along with basic knowledge to software developing environment. A knowledge obtained from this course can be applied not only to Python but also to all generic programming languages.
The provided materials, along with the many exercises and assignments were extremely helpful in understanding and mastering the material. The videos were very clear and easy to follow, while the tutors' explanations and displayed examples helped greatly.
Awesome course, well structured and 3 great/fun/interesting assignments. Chance to get stuck on exercises is rather low (can only happen if you are a truely complete newbie to programming), but then you still have to forums to back you up in that case!
Excellent course! I have some background in other programming languages and went through the course to reinforce the basic concepts and to learn python. Overall, the quiz and assignments are challenging to a certain extent and is perfect for beginners!
It was interesting to learn basic conceps about Phyton, the friendly platform used by teachers to explain every topic helped me a lot to understand and advance throught the course. I am motivated to get another course. Many thanks Jennifer and Paul.
Great course, doesn't cover a huge amount of ground - I guess that's why it's called "The Fundamentals"!  The lessons are great and explain the concepts covered in them very well. I would definitely recommend this for anybody starting out in python.
A very helpful course indeed ! It started with very basic concept of programming and then the instructors and the mentor taught  as a fun activity. I completed the course while enjoying the environment and now I have a good friendship with python !
It's a little difficult for people who use English as a second language. I need to spend more time to repeatedly understand the meaning of the knowledge in the course. But finally I finished the course, and the course is very friendly to beginners.
I think the textbook used is an excellent primer in computer science and python.  The course has a good pace, lots of examples, and a good breath.  I would have liked if the course covered the whole book, and I wish the instructors were less rigid.
I have very limited skills before this and part of my job was to be able to closely communicate with the software engineers. This course gave me new insights to programming, it's not the easiest course, but I'm really happy that I accomplished it!
Excellent course! Teaches you the basics of Python including good coding practices like adding docstrings, commenting code etc. I would like to thank all mentors, instructors and coursera for giving this wonderful opportunity to learn Programming.
Assignments and quizzes are tough but really get you to apply whatever they teach you throughout the lessons. Very easy to follow and understand what is being taught. Would recommend to anyone who wants to take their first steps into programming.
Very well designed course, from the very beginner to intermediate. the teacher are very good too.very well-balanced between concepts and coding. Excellent for someone who looks for a course that gives an idea and how to actually makes it happen.
I got exactly what i expected from this course - great starting point on my journey to master Python.  Thank you professor Campbell and professor Gries and thank you all others who were involved in creating this course whose names we don't know.
This course taught me a lot and I am now on my way to learn advance Python. I am really happy I saw this course and took it. I am looking forward to more courses in this category from the University of Toronto. Thanks for this excellent course!
Great course for beginners!  I had a minimum of experience prior to this, and I was cruising through the final exam by the end.  Great balance of increasing difficulty vs accessibility. Highly recommend as a place to start your Python journey.
The best thing about this course is it starts with the basics and goes to just the right depth that a beginner who is serious about getting into programming needs. The content is one of the best introductions to Python that I have come across.
This is a great course for beginners. It gives you a glimpse into Python's syntaxis and its functions. It is enought to understand if you want to continue to learn Python in the future. The tasks are challenging enough if you are a beginner.
I had many "Intro to Programming in Python" options, and this one really helped me "break the ice". I am already recommending it to friends and I'll keep doing it to everyone I meet that is interested in initiating programming. Great course!
It's very fundamental and easy to understand. If you have no knowledge of programming, I strongly recommend you this course. However, if you have some basic knowledge of whatever programming language, the course may be a little bit simple.
I think this is a very good course. detailed enough and with good examples. I also think that it is very good to have some assignments to do additionally, I'm currently on the first one but this is very helpful to practice the learning.
Great content, great classes. I am glad that, in just a couple of weeks, I can consider myself enable to create my own math/finance programmes, based only on the vast content that these 7w-classes presented. Congratulations to UoT team.
I found the course very useful, the programming exercises and the multiple choice quizzes were challenging but not too much so, and forced me to open up python and try to work out code and refer back to lectures/notes to figure it out.
Really loved this course.  It was very systematic.  The explanations were very clear.  It was challenging at moments, but never frustrating.  Many thanks to the instructors for putting this together and making it available for free.
An excellent starting point for anyone looking to learn Python. The videos are clear and concise. I wish there were more exercises and the grading system for assignments was better. Overall, worth the time and would recommend 10/10!
Coming from trade with very little programming, this course brought me up to speed on the fundamentals. Thank you to the amazing teachers, I was able to understand and apply the topics that I have learned in my occupation. Thanks!
Excellent presentation of material and comprehensive / prompt assistance through the discussion forum.  I was pleasantly surprised that much of what I learned applies to other programming languages and general problem solving.
I really enjoyed the course. I was able to do it in my own pace. There was an appropriate amount of time given to complete assignments and lessons. Profs were clear. Course provided lots of resources that were very helpful!
This course is easy and fun way to learn coding. The assignments given in the course touch base each component which you learn week by week. It also helped me build my confidence that coding isn't that difficult.Thank you.
The best curse about programming that I've ever done. This course helped me to really understand for the very first time the essentials of programming. It's worth every second of your time and energy that you invest in it.
Excellent course that goes through the basics of Python, as advertised. I personally used the course to refresh my knowledge of Python, but the course is also well-suited for beginners with no prior programming experience.
It was hard as hell. I think that working a full-time job and doing this simultaneously provided a big challenge over 7 weeks. I REALLY appreciate that extra week to submit everything. Would not have made it without that!
It's a great course. Thank you professors! A small warning for learners: Prior coding experience is very helpful. Otherwise, this course may take lots of your time. I think it's a great course for some language to python.
Incredible for someone like myself with next to nothing programming skills. I highly recommend this for anyone looking to understand python. I especially thank the mentors for their tireless help on the discussion forums!
I am really thankful for this very well designed course. It is a great course as the first step into python and data science and I really appreciate the Coursera platform for providing the opportunity of self-education.
Very clear, and non-intimidating introduction for somebody who had never been exposed to programming before.I feel I am now equipped with some fundamental concepts, and a concrete understanding of how programming works.
This is a wonderfully engaging and thorough course. I loved the assignments and the fact that they were autograded, unlike other courses where peer reviewing is done and there is a lot of delay and possible inaccuracy.
Perfect course for someone who has no idea about coding to start with the basics of Python, the lecturers talk through every stage of the process and the assessments are interesting and aimed at the appropriate level.
This course is absolutely brilliant for beginners like me. The teachers are great, I had never acquainted with any programming language before and I could understand all the issues of the course. I recommend it 100 %.
Thank you so much for this free course, it has been great 7 weeks of learning basic Python programing. Hope to encounter some more Python application in Macine learning free courses from your University. Thanks again.
Being a beginner in computer programming I really learned a lot from the course and will keep learning more with further courses. Thanks a lot to the Coursera community and the faculties of the University of Toronto.
You can tell me the answer all day long, until I get to try it myself chances are I will not understand. I reviewed many so called "beginners" course and this one fit the bill. It forced me to understand.Thank you.
Excellent Course! Very well guided, awesome material and the explanations are kept simple yet one can understand the logic behind everything and how it might get furthermore developed with deeper understanding. 5/5
Very good experience. It was my first online course, and my first experience with computer programming, and I was a litlle afraid, but everything went well. Thank you very much Univ. Toronto and thank you Coursera.
I think this is a fantastic course for anyone who is new to programming. Basic concepts of python programming were taught in a very engaging manner. Exercises and programming assignments are thoughtfully designed.
When you are taking a couple of introductory courses from different platforms at the same time, you can't help but compare. I must say that this introductory course to programming is the place to start. Great job!
This course is well designed. So every one with little experience in programming and no knowledge in python can learn how to write python code.Instructors teach the materials with object oriented thinking in mind.
Very, very good introduction to programming for beginners.Best part s are short tests and assignments. Aim for 100 and You'll have solid basis - and solid basis st the very essence of knowledge/skill development.
This course is amazing!It is very friendly to students who have no coding background. Besides, it starts from easy and goes into deeper. Each quiz matters for final assessment. Above all, the asessments are free!
Everything was good, but the tittle of the certificate... "Learn to Program: The Fundamentals". Where ist Python? How can I proof  my knowledge from my CV?I would appreciate if we could change it.Thank youLemuel
This course is the greatest course in programming I've ever attended, both online and offline. The professors made great efforts to make their students really understand what they are doing. Thank you very much!
I never had so much fun learning to program in Python. I had taken a programming course a few years ago and I don't remember it being so much interesting, fun and challenging. I am glad that I chose this course!
This course is excellent ... I am so glad because I had take it. I learned a lot of things that I'd have never imagined. Learning to use the visualizer is the best. Thank you so much, you are excellent teachers.
As a full-time worker and a complete new beginner in the programming field, this course has helped me understand the basics of programming in a constructive method that incorporates an efficient learning style.
I already had experience in programming with another languages but i learned a lot more by this course, for example documenting our code and writing clear code and basics of every languages ! thank you so much
Loved every moment of it - instructors were amazing, and it was definitely a great introduction to the fundamentals of programming. Highly recommended for everyone who wants to learn the basics of programming!
As someone who has very little programming knowledge, I thought this course was excellent. Great pacing and well put together. Would recommend it to anyone looking to get into Python or programming in general!
This course gave me a basic understanding of python language construct and usage. The video materials are go excellent quality which gradually build on the complexity by introducing concept of similar nature.
This course has been really helpful for me to build my basic concepts in python..I totally can recommend this course for absolute beginners in python to build all the fundamental and construct a strong base.
It is one of the best courses that I did. It allows me to know details about program science that I no had chance to learn before. This course was an excellent idea. Thank you for all team! You are the best!
Fabulous and fun introduction to coding. I've always had trouble sticking with MOOCs, but the difficulty here felt as though it was pitched just right for an educated novice. Thanks UoT and to the lecturers!
A great approach to the Programming Fundamentals, very good estimated working hours and nicely structured. Congratulations to the professors and all the associates who made the particular e-learning program.
As the title implies, this is a wonderful course for those who do not have any background in progamming (in python) and want to start from scratch. The pace is appropriate  and the assignments worth trying.
This course is great. At the beginning I didn't know anything about Python but now, step by step, I know the basic concepts and this give me the opportunity to study in deep this language in future. Thanks!
This is a wonderful course.  I thought the progression was steady.  Although, it took a lot of trial and error to fully understand some of the later concepts, I believe I have a good basic understanding of
In this course you will learn how to program basic functions in python, understand the basics of how they work, and start working with coding best practices. Clear, straightforward and relatively hands-on.
Totally Amazing!! This awesome course takes you through all basics of python in a very easy and understandable manner. I highly recommend this to all those who want to get started with python programming.
As a person has no previous experiences about Programming, I am so happy because I took this course! The way these instructors explained in the course is very clear and easy to understand. Thanks a lot!
Clear and to the point. I had only very basic introductory programming experience before and was able to get through this course in about 2-3 weeks, spending 5-7 hours each week (roughly 15 hours total)
A classy course with great explanations and tasks to do. I appreciate the tutors who did a fantastic job in developing a pretty good idea about python even though I was a novice in this field of study.
it is very good course. well structure, good examples to help understood the concept better. most important is the profession responds to my questions very very quick. I strongly recommend this course.
Very well designed course with complete coverage of the essentials of learning to program, from thinking about the problem you're trying to solve in an algorithmic way to crafting a solution in Python.
The quizzes and assignments were well written. Easy enough to succeed at with the materials they presented; hard enough that I learn things while completing them. Great course for an absolute beginner!
This course shows, with examples, how the basics works in programming. As a suggestion, there should be a part of excercises (30 per week, beside the weekly exam) to practice and master this course.
The best introduction to Python I've seen. It provides a really clear understanding of how it all fits together, whereas other tutorials seemed to dive in without clarifying the 'how' or the 'why'.
I enjoyed this course. The video lectures were short and explained bite sized chunks that were easy to understand. The reading material after each lecture helped in revisiting what we just learned.
The course is interesting. I love that students can access all contents without any paywall and you can submit your code for grading (unlike some certain courses which require you to pay for that)
Great course!It really shows the fundamentals of programming in python. great for begginers!It's a great start for learning how to make programs the right way!I really appreciate the opportunity !
As a complete beginner in the world of programming, this is one of the best courses I have found. The instructors are excellent. I thank them for taking the time to develop such a useful course.
I really liked this course, was an excellent way to learn the fundamentals of python. The teachers explain really well and let you challenge yourself with the assingments to be a better student.
Very good and challenging course. Makes you think a looot. I really appreciate the University of Toronto and the teachers. I already bought their book and will start the second part. Thank you!!
A wonderful and knowledgeable course. It was quite intuitive in terms of understanding the concept. The examples used for the explanation were quite relatable. Overall it was an amazing course.
This course was truly amazing, it covered the basics of python extremely well.The course instructors explain everything very nicely and you will come out of this course with a love for python.
This has been tremendously helpful. The assignments are challenging but doable. I appreciated that I couldn't pass each quiz on my first try, and had to revisit material to actually master it.
This is very useful course. I learned a lot and i benefited from this tutorial.  Also i really like Mrs Jennifer Campbell and ms Paul Gries. And i want to thank you for your amazing lectures.
I enjoyed learning this course. Apparently this is my first Coursera course. Huge Shout out to both the instructors. They explained the topics very clearly. I'm happy that I took this course.
Good explanations, logical, covers the common mistakes newbies make, assessments are not too difficult but challenges your knowledge and how sure you are on a topic, makes coding fun to do!!
Great course, the lessons are very well explained and the homeworks are very useful to put in practice everything you learn during the week, this is really an amazing introduction to python.
I would strongly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning Python for the first time or to anyone looking at honing their logical, analytical and problem-solving skills.
Course is easy to understand and mostly easy to follow. The practise parts helped a lot for keeping everything in mind.It is just a pitty on the certificate nothing is written about Python.
I learned a lot from this course. It certainly does not hold your hand! However you get from it what you put into it. learning = desire_to_learn, if desire_to_learn != time:learning = False
Thanks a lot to Jennifer Campbell and Paul Gries! They use an easy language and explain a lot of details that beginners like me didn't know. Already looking for another course with you! :)
This is an excellent course for beginners. The faculties are amazing. The assignment, quiz during lectures and weekly assessment give a clear insight to the concepts. Thank you so much!!!
Well the course was really interesting. The class were never boring cause there were interactive quiz in the middle to make it even more interesting, and the teaching was really amazing.
It is a detailed enough course to demonstrate how much the Python language has evolved. It makes clear the need to seek more in-depth techniques and knowledge of the resources presented.
This course was just right for me as a beginning coder. It challenged me to think in detail about how the code works, while remaining clear and practical with its material and examples.
Great primer on the basics of programming and Python. Some of the videos can be fast paced and may require additional viewings but it's worth it. I'm glad I stuck with it and finished.
I was originally a C++ programming student and never thought I will ever get to python. But this course, thanks to the lecturers, has opened a gate in my life. I am gratefulThanks, K~
Great, well instructed course.  It helped with no only learning the fundamentals of Python, but also how to use them practically which is often missing from other programming courses.
Awesome course! Recommended especially if you don't have any programming knowledge. Even if I knew some programming concepts already, I found it very useful to strengthen the basics!
It's a perfect course if you have no knowledge of Python. If you do have some knowledge, I think you might be interested in something more advanced. Great step to start! I enjoyed it
The bite-sized videos make the contents easy to digest. The mini-quizzes in the videos, the quizzes at the end of the week, and coding assignments help us to gauge our understanding.
One fo the coruses that lets you see how to use IDLE. Its better than datacamp because the quizzes really force you think about  the logic rather than just copy pasty code verbatim
A very nice course. It is not that easy as I thought at the beginning. Everybody who wants to learn programming and to learn python (a realy nice language) should take this course.
Truly recommended for beginners. The course's pace is just right, and the material is no to deep but still makes you think like a programmer. Really motivated for the next course.
This is a perfect course for me as I am just getting back into programming after a 1 year break. Very intuitive and simple to use, and easy to understand. Thank you and great job!
I had a bit of programming experience but not in Python. This course is ideal for anyone who wants to learn the basics of programming/ basics in Python. Kudos to the instructors!
A well-designed course with testing tests and gentle presentation that covers a broad introduction to Python. Now on to Paul and Jennifer's next course - Crafting Quality Code...
Really good Python course!  Good lectures and references.  Autograding enforces learning; ensures learning the concepts as well as the details needed to be efficient with Python.
I had no background in Python prior to this course. The instructors and mentors really help guide your growth and completing this course gave me a great sense of accomplishment.
It's pretty good,I am not so good in english. i like it very much because i did know about docstrinc of functions and "python functional",is very easy to learn with this course.
super good to follow and lots of nicely tricky questions.  would love more programming assignments though.  i thought it would lead up to one that we would do mostly on our own!
This is the best programming lecture I have taken so far. I trusted the competence (ability to simplify the concepts) of the lecturers and that kept me to the end of the course.
This is a very good course with very hands on approach that teaches basic Python. And also the quiz is challenging your understanding and often i learned more from it. Thanks!
The teachers are great and the workflow is fast, you get hands-on right away and the forum provides answers really fast! I think it's a great start for people to learn Python.
Great course with very engaging material. I had no prior experience with Python, this course made it possible for me to start writing some basic code. Very highly recommended!
Really designed couse.  Makes it the somewhat abstract and at times intimidating material very approachable. Look forward to the next in the series: L2P: Crafting Quality Code
This was an excellent course. So well designed, and really carefully planned. Great professors. The assignments and the exams really help with developing knowledge. Thank you!
This is my first course on coursera. I loved this course. This is the best I could start programming in Python. The assignments were good and helped in the learning process.
The course is friendly to new programmers, and its great design of videos and quizzes helps the learner to fully understand what each piece of code means and how it results.
The information from teachers comes in very concentrate form. Excellent introduction course. Loved parts where explained whats happening  behind curtains when code executed.
Really enjoyable course with a great balance of challenging and achievable for beginners. I highly recommend this course as a good place to start learning about programming.
This is very helpful for beginner who just started learning Python. The lecture and homework are very simple and concise. Really appreciate it all for your devotion. Thanks!
Great course. For a none programmer the difficulty level was perfect hard enough to be challenging but easy enough that you were continuously progressing through the course.
Best course I've ever taken, very compacted Python Fundamental course with several examples and questions to help understand. Recommended to anyone taking Computer Science.
Great Course with timely help from the moderators. They resolve your queries and shed light to boost your understanding of the course content. Recommended to all beginners!
This course covers the basics of strings, loops, and lists/arrays/dictionaries.Forces you to think in Functions which is great for building complex programmes step by step.
I have worked on my Python skills before,but this course  get me to another level by applying and examining with different view from other courses .I totally recommend it .
Great introductory course for people who never used python before. Assignments and tests that are not easy and make you really understand how to apply the learned concept.
Excellent introduction to programming in Python. Great exercises and clear instruction. Thanks to both instructors and the mentors who posted helpful notes in discussions!
Excellent course! Clear explanations and great questions on lecture videos, quizzes and assignments. Those activities really challenge you to learn the material correctly.
the tutors are awesome. the course returned me believe that i am capable to program! it s a great kick off for ppl who forgot all in programming and math and want to start
This is such an amazing course for beginners who want to get introduced to python. Both the instructors were excellent and it was very easy to understand their teachings.
i finished the course while working full time. the course does demand at least 4 hours of hard work every week but it was all worth it. when you finish it, you will know.
Tough course since I knew nothing about Python or programming per se. Fantastic feeling to complete the course with an 'A' grade. Worth all the late nights. So rewarding!
This is a complete course. They take you by the hand on every step of the way, teaching the fundamentals and also leaving an space for some challenges from time to time.
Great course to refresh for someone that has very lightly been in and out of programming. Very good at drawing attention to fundamentals through the technical exercises.
The best course for beginners who wants to learn the fundamental programming in python by university of Toronto I learned a lot which I cant learnt from any other source
Great course with excellent teachers!! I did not know anything about programming and this course made me love programming and now I will continue studying more about it.
Excellent course.  A lot of good information in a good format. Teachers were great and described everything in detail.  Function design recipe also helped a great deal.
This course details about the fundamentals of how to program and the fundamentals of how to approach the problem. It helped me to understand more about the programming
An amazing course,  learned the fundamentals of programming with python and the best is that they go straight tho the point and teach the essentials! amazing teachers!
I have programming background and I still recommend this fundamental course.   The course is systematic and the mentor is very helpful.  Quiz questions can be tricky.
This course is at introductory level and is good for beginners. Programming quizzes are challenging and one could complete this course fairly in short amount of time.
Great teachers, great content! It's exciting to learn concepts from other programming languages in a new programming language for me (python) I recommend this course!
Great program for beginners or those with little experience. It sets you up and gives you the python foundations that can open a multitude of doors to other courses.
Amazing Course for anyone who wants to know more about programming. it has a detailed lectures that make life so much easier with challenging quizes and assessments.
I really enjoyed the course, it was both challenging and fun !I learned a lot and will enroll in a higher level course with the University of Toronto if that exists!
Perfect intro course. Good detail but allows you to move quickly through the modules. Lectures are set up with great reviews that allow for quick reference later on.
Excellent course. Great support from Patrick in the forums, helping by giving people the tools rather than the answers, perfect for a beginner as I am. Thanks all !
Excellent course for beginners, well explained by the instructors, it's great the idea of programming assignments because you learn a lot of coding by those tasks
This is the best course for the beginners to start with. You can learn not only coding but also some fundamental computer science concepts with hands-on practice!
Awesome! 1. videos + captions 2 annotations inside screens classes 3. quizz before end class 4. good quizzes as assignments 5. adequate programming  assigniments
Is good course to have the basic understanding of Python. After taking the course you should be able to learn on your own the tools that you need for programming
This course teaches all the basics of python very clearly, also uses some tools like pythontutor which is really useful. Overall, this course is awesome. Thanks!
A thorough introduction to Python, well-pitched in terms of difficulty and range of exercises. I feel a lot more confident in my Python skills after this course.
Great course and great teachers! Thank you for the interesting and engaging tasks. Detailed explanations of each concept really helped to understand the topics.
Best for beginners! The tests are not that easy and take time to score 100. It will help beginners set up a solid foundation for Python and programming mindset
This was a great course that teaches the fundamentals. great exercises. I would recommend this as a first course before starting anything else that uses python
Great instructors and great organization and conductance of the whole course content. I recommend this course to someone who is completely new to programming.
Great course to help beginners kick a start. The Quizs and assignments are efficient to get you deeply understand what you've taught during the video lecture.
Very clear teaching and good assignments. I think the multiple choice questions are rather tough in places but the programming assignments are good and clear.
It is a great course to start with. All lessons are very well explained and exercises and assignments can be done with the information provided in the lessons
There are some problems with the sound quality which may be a bit distractive but the content and the instructors are great. Really good course for beginners.
Excellent course to nailed down the fundamentals of python programming. Highly recommend this course for anyone who is just getting started with programming.
Had an amazing, exciting , and a wonderful experience while learning throughout this course..The learning was easily manageable and i learnt a lot..Thank You
Nice course. Even I already learnt C, C++, I recommend this course because it teachs good practices in programming and it is really well organized/strutured.
Fun and easy to understand for python beginner to learn about python. The tutors are nice and willing to help you with your struggle in quiz and assignment.
Excellent explanations, questions, visualization, details about functioning of the code in the background related to variables, memory allocations and stack
Good basics to start with, for students who wants to learn only python but if they already know other language it will really quick to go though the basics.
Reminded me of my university days - where they teach you concepts you can use over and over again rather than just how to accomplish certain specific tasks.
Hard but very helpful, the forums are great, lots of very knowledgeable people.  This is my first programming class and it was very well written and taught.
Great learning experience. I really love how they structure the weeks along with quiz to deepen student understanding. thank you.I enjoy the course so much.
What a fantastic course! The videos were short but packed with information. The quizzes and assignments were challenging enough to enable maximum learning.
The lecturers are awesome! They teach Python language, with a lot of practical examples, and explain each and every detail with a lot of care and patience.
I learned a lot and it was a really good course. It isn't very difficult, but requires a lot of thinking. If you are good in math, this course is for you.
This was a great learning experience for programming. I have acquired a great foundation for future programming courses and to go deeper into programming
this is a very good course for machine learning, the depth in the content is exactly as needed. Thank you Andrew and coursera team for making the course.
This course was very good. I'm happy to learn this "learn to program the fundamentals "from coursera. I have been gained some knowledge about programing
Really enjoyed doing this course. Loved the format, and learned a lot. Finished the last few weeks in a marathon sprint, and feel great to have done so.
It was great! Very in depth but as always, i would like more programming assignments. the theory was very clear and thorough. Thank you for this course
Probably the best for any kind of beginner who wants to learn PYTHON programming basics. Instructors are Awesome. The Mentor Patrick is Double Awesome
It was really really great. The concepts were very good and explained in an easy to understand manner. This course is just the perfect for beginner's.
Excellent! I really like how you can submit the assignments as many times as it takes to get it right. A thorough, challenging and worthwhile course.
Great course! I started learning with no knowledge or experience in a any computing language, and easily understood all the videos and explanantions.
I would recommend this course to anyone who is trying to learn Python. This is really helpful and the assignments are really fun and rewarding to do.
Well structured, well taught course. Gets you learn and manipulate python with proper attention to good programming habits and behaviour. Recommended
very organized content. suitable for people who have zero background of programming.like the quiz and small project, like the way the teacher teaches
Great course! It's really smart how the sections are separated into bite-sized sections to not feel overwhelming. Also, great assignments! Thanks :)
Thank you so much. Your explanations were simple and understandable. Before this course I took one, but your course is the best. You are the best!!!
Awesome course for a beginner to start with. This will help in setting up your foundation in Python. Kudos to the trainers for creating this course.
One of the best courses I've ever attended in all aspects! Strongly recomend for those who wants to start learning Python. Really very very good!!!
The course is very well designed and give you lots of opportunities to practice logic while learning Python. The team put great efforts in quizzes.
Great course that teaches Python very concisely.  Though they have a optional textbook, which I bought, the course really is indeed self-contained.
Even though I could not finish it due to college exams, I definitely recommend  this course, it is easy to understand and it is very well explained
Very well thought out and organized. Quiz's and assignments were challenging enough to make you learn and remember Python functionality. Thank you
Excellent course for any beginner. You must have some programming and maths background though.Enjoyed it a lot and the lecturers know their stuff!
The course is really awesome!!! I not learnt Python, but my Programming skills for other languages are also enhanced. Thanks to the Professors!!!
Great explanations, useful quizzes and assingments. Could have included more assignments, especially a big one including dictionaries and files.
This course was really helpful  to understand the basics of python from the the base of programming. Higly thankful to my mentor of this course
This is the best programming course you will ever take.  You will understand most programming principles and develop your algorithmic thinking.
Everything was explained in a clear and straight-forward way, that's why I had no problem following the lectures and finishing the assignments.
The lessons, explanations and assignments were simply perfect, but it would be better if you just add Turkish or Azerbaijani to the subtitles.
Good course along with assignments that are very relevant and keeps you engaged. If you cross week2 then for sure you would finish the course.
This course deepened my concepts of programming, especially in Python. This subject helps me to learn the python and how to teach the python.
This course is very helpful to me.   the format that short video, quiz and essay  let me master the basic information  about python. thanks!
It's really helpful. I strongly recommend this course for everybody who wants to start with Python. Thanks Jennifer Campbell and Paul Gries!
Very interesting and well made course. It teaches the fundamentals of programming and does so while being fun. I can recommend it to anyone!
Excellent course and instructions. The class is set up perfectly and you learn a ton. Good reference material. Look forward to the next one.
That was perfect free course. The quality of videos was a bit low, but the quality of information taught through it was perfect. Thank you.
A good introduction to python. Good mix of videos, quizes, and assignments that teach and have you work with the material in various ways.
Great course. Good introduction into Python. Assignments added value to the course and lecture materials were helpful. On to the next one!
Fun and with lots of basics that may not seem important right away but really prep you for a better understanding of how Python's works.
A very good course for beginner which would likde to program. Good explanations. Thanks to this course I learned a lot in programmation.
I enjoyed the course from the beginning to end. It suits absolute beginners and maintains the balance between challenging and enjoyable.
Heaps of fun, and very interesting, basic programming stuff. Very good and clear professors! kudos to Jennifer Campbell and  Paul Gries.
Course was absolutely good. I think that adding more on python specially about classes will be much productive.Thank you all very much!
Great introductory course into Python. Some questions in the weekly tests were confusing to understand, otherwise it is a great course.
The course has been presented in the simplest possible way and is extremely friendly and intelligible to naive programmers like myself.
It has summarized almost everything about Python, very thorough and also easy-to -digest content, I am very satisfied with this course,
well structured and building real skills for python development not just pieces of interesting things you can do with python as a noob!
Its the best course i have ever encountered.I really enjoyed learning Thank you sir and mam for explaining  the concepts very clearly.
This is an excellent course for the beginners. I like the way of teaching and providing in depth knowledge of the concepts. Thank You.
Clear and valuable lessons teaching not only a program language (Python) but also important techniques on how to write a good program.
It's an incredible introduction class. very informative and covers so many different things. Certainly worth every second invested! :)
It's very useful for a new man who starts to learn Python.And I have learned many practical knowledge which is hard to learn in Book.
The best intro Python course on Coursera. Good pace, good explanations. Asks you to think, but not to know more than has been taught.
Excellent course. Easy to understand and exercises, quizzes, assignments, and exams help you to move forward and learn the language.
A very useful introduction to Python and programming in general. The exam and activities are tough for a novice but perfectly doable
Good course for learning basic programming concepts in general using Python as a mean.Looking forward to taking the advanced course.
The teachers are awesome, the quizzes well balanced and the result is that you end up with a solid foundation in python programming.
Very good introductory course. Shows you all the ins and outs of different functions and objects. Python visualizer tool is a must.
Great introduction. I highly recommend it to people who want to learn to program. Thank you Jen and Paul, thank you. Sincerely, Joe
It's a great experience and is also an incredible opportunity to create a future job for programming in differents computer files.
I am Thank ful to the my mentors and professors for this useful session..I learned so much from this course.Thankyou sir and Madam
I think that it is easy but the last one is hard. I definitely think that anyone who wants to learn python should use this course
The course was emotional rollercoaster with happy ending. I think it's good course to start programming with python. Recommended!
well laid out course. I could have gone with some more answers to some questions I had. But overall was worth the time and effort
I came out a much more knowledgeable person with better analytical skills after doing this course, thank you for putting it out!
The lecturers have explained the concept in a simplified way that is easy to catch. Questions are good that enhance our thinking
The course was great. It's the first programming course I've taken that has explained memory addresses, which was super helpful.
Learned a lot from this beginner course in Python.  A very good ice-breaker to getting into programming. Thank you, instructors!
Lectures were good and reading material was helpful.I think more programming assignments would have helped bed in the knowledge
Thank you so much. It is the incredible lecture. I really recommend taking this course if someone wants to learn about Python!!
A well structured and well taught course to learn Python basics. The course support at the forums is also fantastic! Thank you!
This is definitely a great course!! everything is well-designed and the mentors are super nice and helpful. Thanks a lot again!
i learned a lot through this program.it will be beneficial for me in my research work.thanks lot all professors for guiding me
Easily the best introductory Python course I have taken thus far. Very easy to follow along with, and the lecturers are great!
extremely engaging and well-paced, learned a lot from following it and the practice exercises are really good for a beginner.
Very helpful for new learners without any fundamental knowledge. Wish there will be advanced courses developed in the future.
Very nice introduction course for beginners. I could get nice skills,  now it is possible improve my learning in programming.
Great course! I already had programming knowledge but need to learn Python, and this was the best option I found on the web.
This is a great refresher to programming courses I did in Mech Eng.  Learned a couple new things that they didn't teach too!
Absolutely wonderful!! They really made python coding easy and understandable for someone who's completely new to this field
Fantastic course! I am excited to continue developing my programming skills with the next class these two instructors offer.
I had a blast taking this course. There are still many things I do not understand, but at least now I know what is possible.
This course is particularly good at linking the topics together and helping develop the skills to begin to create programs.
Great course. Easy to follow and done at a level that is understandable, but also shows you are making progress. Thank you.
Really great course, Drills down into the fundamentals to actually explain in detail the processing steps of a python code.
I gained valuable fundimental python knowledge like syntax, loops, file admin skills.  Great starting point for a beginner.
Good course for beginners, but I think it could focus a little bit more on abstract thinking and not just syntactic issues.
It's really good course for beginners. Now I know how to write simple codes, and got some knowledge for more deep studying!
well organized class and very helpful materials!! and special thanks to professors and teaching assistants!! love you all!!
videos were easy to watch and follow. good help forum. quizzes and assignments were challenging and helped me learn.thanks!
I really enjoyed this course!It was a good idea to work a week in advance of all of the due datesas suggested by the profs.
Excellent course for programming beginners... Learned a lot of concepts and most of all ,developed interest to learn more.
This course is very well done.  The quizzes and assignments really force you to get a deeper understanding of the content.
Awesome teachers. Got a hold on programming after completing the course. I now feel confident. Thanks to both you guys! :)
Crystal Clear! Concepts are well presented. Time for each week is OK. Assignments are good practice. Totally recommend it!
Really useful as an introduction to the basics. Very clear explanations, and easy to follow the video lectures. Thank you!
A great course to develop the fundamentals of programming in Python language. The best programming course for beginners!!
This is an excellent introduction to programming. I haven't programmed in 10 years and the lectures were just at the leve
Very good understand about basic Python program and this course is not easy especially a3 assignment Thank you professors
These lectures are designed very carefully for newbies also. I learned a lot about Python as well as general programming.
Excellent course. Truly helped to get me into python. Highly recommended for getting started with bioinformatic analyses.
I thought this was a very informative course. The assignments and tests gave me enough of a challenge to keep me engaged.
Very recommended. I learned to use Python and little about programming without having a previous experience programming.
Perfect online training as an introduction to the python programming language or as a general refresher for programming.
A very nice course, allowing me to learn Python from ZERO background knowledge alone. And very nice teachers! Thank you!
Great course!I enjoyed all of it and learned a ton!All the learning objectives very covered completely.Well done!Thanks!
Great course for beginners. Kudos to the teachers for managing to keep the videos short and the content understandable.
Excellent course for students new to programming or new to Python. Good lectures, quizzes, and programming assignments.
Very good course overall. However, as a student with no prior knowledge, I found some of the tasks can be challenging.
Very useful for reviewing programming fundamentals, and above all, to get familiarized with basic python. Very useful!
Thank you so much for this wonderful course, I have been grasped the basic knowledge of how to write a python program!
Simply Amazing!No Just you learn Python,your start loving how to code ,if you never liked it before.Thanks a Lot guys!
I recommend this course to anyone new either to programming or Python. It will give you solid foundations to build on.
It is very help for me. I also want to be a engineer so this is very helpful for me. Thenk you so much for helping me.
What a great intro into Python. Really like the way this course  showed the process to design and structure a function
The concepts are well explained. I like the resources from the book, they are very useful for reviewing the material
Great course, I completed in a week. Great foundation for other courses, definitely sets you up for further success.
Excellent quality of lectures and i would be happy if i were given optional assignments for practice in this course.
for the first time, I tried programming ever. That was a great beginning. Thank you coursera for this given chance.
Great course to learn the fundamentals.  Lectures are short with emphasis on practice.  I truly enjoyed the course.
It was very great opportunity for me with flexible schedules. I love the learning experiences. Thank you very much!
This course was great and I recommend it to everyone who wants to start coding or wants to learn another language!
As a U of T student myself, I'm learning a lot from this course! Hopefully I can get into the CS PoST next year xD
Awsome! One of the best courses on the Coursera. your way of teaching is very clear and effective. Thank you both!
better pace for people like me who need a bit more time to get it fixed in my head. Nice videos and easy to follow
This is my first certificate in coursera. I am so happy that coursera is with me. I learn a lot from this course.
I really enjoyed going through this course and it helped me quickly get up to speed on great python fundamentals.
The introduction was very well planned and provided the fundamentals for future courses. Very interactive mentor.
Great course!in comparison to other courses this one provides with the confodence to start scripts from scratch.
Great course! I've learned a lot! Good difficulty level for a complete beginner. Challenging and yet manageable.
Great way to start learning Phyton, it was a very good experience.Congratulations to both of instructors.Thanks
The course is very fluid and comprehensive for those who just started with Python. Such a nice instructors too!
Perfect for anyone who is just entering the world of programming! A big thank you to the wonderful professors:)
It is easy to follow. Somewhat challenging for someone new to programming but happy with it. Well worth taking.
Excellent! I really enjoyed the pace and the overall material taught in the course. Would definitely recommend.
This course was my first step to learn Python programming, it was very useful and guided me for the next step.
It's a very nice course for starters in programming as teachers clearly explain everything and easy to follow.
Very easy to understand and follow teachers instructions. Great exercises and quiz to boost the understanding.
Complete course to teach beginners on the foundamentals of this exciting knowledge field, particularly Python.
Some assignments are really challenging, which can foster some detailed concepts of Python! Excellent course!
This course, with its videos and lectures, are a great way to learn Python as a beginner! Highly recommended!
Excellent & deep learning process. loved this course though it was tough to achieve high grades all the time.
The course is so intense and the teachers are great. And your initiative for making it for free is so helpful
The topic progression is excellent.  I'm a first time computer language learner and the theory helped a ton!
I had a great time with this course and it was a great introduction to online classes for myself. Thank you.
it's a great way to start learning to program, this is an ability that is each time required more and more.
Clear and effective instruction. Highly recommended for beginners to gain solid understandings about coding
Really healpfull to start into this world. It took me from zero and get me to make my first little software
Nice and clear teaching and  instruction, very friendly to those who are new to code and program(like me!)
I have been writing programs before. This course is very handy to start with coding in Python from Level 0
Very nice course.Teaching is good and they are teaching it in the way that any beginner can understand it.
Great introductory course to programming. Loved the Function Design Recipe provided taught in the course.
Very good course to get you started on Python. Some instructions for assignments could be clearer though.
The course has been very helpful and when i have any doubts this is the place to come back to learn again
The whole course was beautifully designed. I learned how to write functions and to loop over a variable.
To be honest it was one of the best course i have ever taken in my whole 18 years of Computer Education.
This course is quite easy to follow and comprehend. I strongly recommend this course for the  beginners.
Very beautifully designed course for beginners of Python language. Instructors are top notch. Thank you!
I found this course to be very useful, it offered me a solid start in programming thank you very much !
Really good and thorough introduction to python with amazing support in the forums and great teachers!
It was a really challenging course for a beginner with no knowledge of Python. I learnt a lot from it.
Step by step I learned a lot of things. I will continue my education and practice as soon as possible.
Awesome materials, does everything from the basic and is really a good crash course to take in python.
Really enjoyed the course - quizes were excellent and the assignments fun.  The delivery was also good
Wonderful course,not only it made my programming language better, but also improved my data structure.
Very well-organized course and assignments. I've learnt a lot from it. Highly recommend for beginners!
The best skill I've mastered is the Function Design Recipe. Thanks for these two teachers' great work!
best free course for the beginnersif you want more about python join this telegram channel @python_A
This course made me play with python on my fingertips. The concepts are explained in a lucid manner.
This course is very useful, theachers explain very well and clearly, all the topics were understood.
It is made so simple that even  an idiot like me can understand easily. Great course for a beginner.
Very well structured course, absolutely recommended as a first step into Python for total beginners.
Great course. Teachers are great. Quizzes and assignments are great way to implement what you learn.
Clear and interesting course. Explains in easy way how phyton syntax works. Very good for beginners.
Very useful for beginner. Wide scope in python and basics are brushed off.Recommended for everyone.
This course gives a good reinforcement to the basics! I've learn something new from this course too
Very good course to start programming in Python. I highly recommend it. Good job Jennifer and Paul!
Great learning experience, contains the necessary teaching tool needed to comprehend the material.
A great course. Excellent tutors. Learned a lot. Now, ready for the next level! Thank you so much!
Im glad I took this course, its very good and teachers are best! Planing on buying their book too!
You will love it. Learn how to program from scratch. You will get to learn from great instructors.
Very comprehensive course. Suitable for beginners to learn the fundamentals of python programming.
I watched this course with pleasure. This is absolutely useful, strong and well structured course.
One of the best free courses on Python. Influenced me to take up further paid courses in Coursera
I did not know anything about python before this course, and now I feel confortable usign python.
Very effective teaching to start learning Python. The quizzes and assignments are very effective.
Good course to get an in-depth understanding of how to write good code and how the code executes.
The best introduction in programming I've ever seen. Thanks a lot for university of Toronto team!
Great introduction to Python. A comprehensive course and informative introduction to programming.
Very good structure and presentation. The regular questions help to keep your attention focussed.
It is a very comprehensive course, providing you valuable insights into programming with Python.
Really clear, accessible and well-paced. An excellent introduction to coding for the first time.
Well structured course, good content, clear instructions and feedback on quizzes and assignments
This was a great course, with plenty of tests and assignments to keep you motivated and engaged.
Thank you very much for clear and simple explanation of difficult things! It was really helpful!
i love this course and happy to learn fundamentals of python with great teachers, i appreciated
for learning python this course is best and it provide appropriate knowledge of problem solving
This course helped me to learn the basics of Python and I really enjoyed during this few weeks.
Very good course. I have learned a lot in this course and able to get bit confidence in coding.
A great course to learn python basics. It would have been much great if "CLASS" was also added.
Very useful, with many challenges for test your study. Congrats to all teachers and teammate !!
It's a good start of learning Python. I'm gonna start the second course by the same Professors.
Thank you so much for this course, i really do appreciate  the time taken to detail explanation
Had a good hands on experience with python language with all the basics covered upto the mark.
This course packed strong fundamentals which I think is necessary for every python programmer.
Very well taught course. I like the simplified way of explaining lessons. Thank you very much.
Fantastic course. the instructors are great and explain the concepts in each lecture clearly.
Thanks for Interesting , Interactive,Understandable and Effective course,it was a pleasure  .
Thank you so much! A very useful course for beginners! I recommend passing with the textbook!
Excellent course. Challenging for someone with zero prior programming experience, but doable!
Very good & well designed course to start with if you do not know Python but eager to learn !
The course helped me start Python. Though I wish they had talked a bit about iPython as well.
Learnt basics of python programming well and gained confidence due to assignments exercises.
Through this course, i have learned all the basic programming concepts of python programming
Really in depth look at the fundamentals of python.  By the end you will have learned a lot.
Awesome course! I do recommend it. The book they recommend as optional is also very helpful.
This is a great intro to python. The instructors explain very clearly and in a friendly way
Great course for beginners! Very didactic and runs at a good pace. Thank you for making it!
This teaches me the fundamentals of programming and python like no other course I've tried.
The course is really interesting and gives a strong foundation in programming with python.
I love this course very much,I learned a lot of skills from it,thanks to all instructors !
Amazing value information about anything you need to know about python. great for beginner
The Content and the Assessments are really Good. Helped me on the journey to learn python.
Great beginners course with some difficult elements well explained and broken down. Thanks
Great course, just exactly what I needed to transfer my C++ language knowledge to Python.
This course has been the best introduction to learn to program ever! Thank you very much!
Excellent beginner course. You finish the course with a solid foundation of the language.
It's an amazing lecture. Very easy to understand the fundamentals of Phython programming.
Top notch instruction takes you through the basics of Python programming. Would reccomend
Excellent course and content notes are very helpful. Videos are a little poor in quality.
If you want to learn Python and are wondering where to begin, you are at the right place.
Compehensive, clear, easy to follow along, but the quizzes are sufficiently challenging.
I totally enjoyed the course. The course had everything which a beginner needs to learn.
Clear and efficient explanation of Python programming language in the fundamental level.
Great course. Recommend it to all of you interested in computer science, or just python.
This course materials are well organised. And simple to follow methods and instructions.
I enjoyed this very much. The teachers have a very kind style that made me feel at ease.
Great Course for Start Learning with Python .. Just Love the way of teaching programming
Excellent instructors. Assessment quizzes and assignments are rigorous and challenging.
Excellent course. Thank you so much for the knowledge I have gained! - Angus, Australia
A very good and informative course.  I learned a lot and am very excited to learn more.
Awesome course. I can write code in Pythin confidently now. Thanks for all the efforts.
Great course! Feel like it's more strict than codeacademy and enabled me to learn more!
a really good introduction to programming in general - pace is very good for beginners
Loved this course. It was very informative and challenging in certain parts. Thank you
The programming assignments are great at putting the things you learned into practice!
The best introduction to python programming for a complete beginner that you will find
Very easy to follow and love the interactive questions mid lecture to keep your focus.
Thank you so much!When will "Crafting Quality Code" be available?Kind regardsFrancisco
Very  structured course and video lectures were easy to follow! Definitely recommend!
Simple explanation of base python concepts with very interesting exercises. Loved it!
A very good python course for beginners. This course gave a good base to the python.
Very well designed course and illustration and also the exercises. Very well thought
Great course for learning the basics of programming, taught by excellent professors.
Great course the tutors were exceptional which was key to understanding the course.
Nicely explained, each and every concepts. Love to do many course here in Coursera.
Great course to know the fundamentals of python! I strongly recommend this course!!
Excellent instructors and course module. Best for learning from home or anywhere...
This is a very amazing course. It really made me build up fundamental python skills
Great introductory course on Python and programming in general with a formal style.
It is a very pleasant course to take! Thank you University of Toronto and Coursera!
The certificate should indicate"Python". PDF agenda should be provided over email.
Excellent instruction. Just wish there were more practice examples. Learn so much.
Great start to code writing. I found the function design recipe especially useful.
great class to learn how to program - not too easy and not too hard, just perfect!
Optimally designed course with very informative explanation and effective examples
Every lesson was easy to grasp and the book was an incredible source of reference!
What an unbelievably immersive product to offer for free. A great place to start.
This is a good and easy start to Python. Good to get hang of programming as a beg
The course guides you from beginner to pro, just go for it, you won't regret it!
Excellent course that gives and overview of Python. I liked it very much. Thanks
Nice videos, good support on the forums and challenging quizzes and assignments!
Great instructions. Simple to follow along with the course plan and assignments.
One of the  best Python courses. Thanks to the instructors and Univ of Toronto.
Great course - the only thing I could have done w/o was the visualizer piece...
Excellent course to get conceptual and practical understanding of programming.
Very clear and encouraging! So far it's my best learning-to-code experience :)
I learned Python! (or, at least, the basics)Thank you University of Toronto!!
Very intuitive and very good exercises. Great way to learn the python basics!
Great introductory course, learned a lot through the quizzes and assignments.
A very good introduction to programming in Python. Really enjoyed the course.
Great course. Really well organized. one of my favorite introduction courses.
Great intro to Python programming! Enjoyed the lecturers and course set up.
very fundamental and easily hands-on program and very entry-level friendly.
Well structured course broken down into manageable chunks. Would recommend.
Very simple, excellent for those without any programming background at all.
Just the right mix of challenging and fun. A good intro to python. Thanks!!
This course gave me the interest to do the Python Basics course.Thank you!
Really great course! Lectures were clear and had some fun assignments too!
Great class for getting the fundamentals of syntax and understanding down.
This course is good for whom does not know any experience with programming
Thank you very much, it was an helpful experience for me to go into python
Excellent intro to programming and python. Excellent exercises and quizzes
Wonderful teachers with reassuring presence.  A life-changing experience.
It's super useful, everything is explained with all the details. Amazing!
Great course, very well explained and with enough examples and exercises.
It is a great course as an introduction to programming! Can recommend it.
Excellent!  Looking forward to hear from new content from these teachers.
The course is well organized, however, if more exercises will be better.
Excellent course, provides a detailed introduction to python programming
Thank you so much for all the knowledge you gave me.It´s a great curse!.
This was a great introduction into learning how to program using Python.
Reasonably easy and practical approach to learn programming for a newbie
very helpful and great for beginners!Concepts were carefully explained.
The perfect stepping stone for a journey into Python based programming!
thank you for teaching me so much basic konwledge of python programming
Excellent introductin to programming, for any language not just python.
very easy to understand course!!!! perfect for beginners to programming
Cool, maybe even the best for beginners. Had fun with the assignments.
Loved the course. Explained the concepts in a proper and simple manner
Great course, very easy to follow and understand the basics of coding.
This course is very informative and I enjoyed it very much, thank you.
I would highly recommend it to anyone who has never programmed before.
exceptional course for beginners, really enjoyed it and learned a lot.
I have expected to have more practice in programming for this course.
Very weell structured and planned. Enjoyed it all the way to the end.
Great course. provides a basic understanding of what python is about.
Very useful, starting from 0 you will have a knowledge of the topic !
Excellent course to cover up all your basic skills of programming!!!
Clear videos and reading material for learning the basics in Python.
I loved this course so much and the way of teaching is so beautiful.
i like this website and this university and teachers teaching method
Dedicated teachers that provide every bit of detail with simplicity!
Great course, explain very well the basic of programming with Python
Great course in my opinion. I learned a lot and enjoyed the process.
Excellent course. Very useful function guidelines. Highly recommend.
Very informative. I like how you are able to learn at your own rate
It's really great for getting started at programming in a real way.
Very good and challenging for who is programming for the first time
Very  helpful course for me as a beginner to Python. Really helpful
Excellent content. Very detailed and follows best coding practices
This course is nicely designed and it is not easy : great to learn
I never thought I could code. Well, this course proved me wrong:-)
one of the best insructors and amazing theaching with lots of fun
Very good course in term of structuring and details, for beginner
Very nice course to learn Python. Worth every penny. Thank you!!!
Very clear and good for someone with no experience in programming
The lessons are vivid, thank you very much for sharing knowledge.
Fantastic course. I loved it. Learned basics of python very well.
Great course! Looking forward to learn how to craft quality code.
Awesome, easy to understand course. Would highly recommend this!
Super simple explanations, just enough challenge for a beginner.
Wonderfully planned course.I would like to thank the instructors
The course may have been demanding, but it was worth the effort.
Very good course. It is challenging enough and also very useful.
Excellent course for beginers in programming. Highly recomend!!!
Good Course. Explanation is simple and the quiz are interesting.
Amazing Course! very interactive. No useless details. Thank you!
Exactly what's in the title - good overview of the fundamentals.
Nice introduction - esp. the small programming parts were nice.
This cource was awsome.I learnt a lot from this cource.thankyou
Good job!I d like to continue my learning programming in python
Easy for programming new leaner, too easy for those who now C++
Great start for anyone getting into the world of programming :)
Easy to follow even for a beginner. It's a good starting point.
Great course with  exciting problem set and exercises. Loved it
Assignments and Quizes are quite difficult than other courses.
Great course! Very clear, well designed and structured course.
Nice course, well structured and easily understandable. Thanks
It lays me a great foundation for learning computing language!
It is a good course to start with python and learn the basics!
It was real fun to go through the practice of the assignments!
This course is comprehensive, and it is suitable for beginner.
Excellent course, a great introduction for amateurs to coding.
Great course to begin coding in Python. Fully recommended..-:)
Excelent experience and very useful to get started on Python!
Excellent. With tips and tricks and more for practical usage.
A very beneficiary python course. But, is hard for beginners.
Good option to start learning Python! I enjoyed the learning!
Very good course for beginners , have learnt a lot from this.
Good for beginner! Thanks University of Toronto and Coursera!
this course help me get a basic understanding of programming
One of the best courses I've done. It's great for beginners.
Great course. The programming project was extremely helpful.
Its a very fundamental course. Very easy to go through for a
It was a very explanatory course about Python for beginners.
Direct and simple, help to understand the basics of phyton.
Very nice and understandable lecture!Perfect for beginners!
This is one of the best Python course in Coursera! Amazing!
The videos and lectures they provide make learning easier.
Excellent course! Paced well and content builds each week.
Great introduction, really helps build good coding habits.
Excellent course for learning basic programming in python.
Excellent course for a beginner. Definitely will reccomend
Course is well though over . It is very easy to understand
Wow! very good first course. informative and challenging.
love this course. learned a lot about python programming.
Very Helpful in learning the fundamentals of programming.
fantastic course. very structured and ideal for beginners
excelllentforbeginners,Very good structuring of content.
Very well designed course with lot of hands on exercises
Very good course for people, who are new to programming!
Loved the style of teaching. Great course for beginners.
Great course to learn to program and Python fundamentals
Well paced with clear instructions and lots of examples.
Really good course. Looking forward to the second part!!
Very informative for beginners, good start into Python!
Excellent Structure on the basics of Python programming
excellent course for any beginner in python programming
Difficulty of the course is just right for a greenhand.
THANKS! was hard in some parts but i got through it! <3
Very Good course with challenging and good assignments.
Good Course. Would request to add more data structures.
Great course! Well structured and presented. Thank you.
Very good to learn or to organize basic Python skills.
Really clear, clever, focused and complete!! Thank you
Excellent presentation for basic python to start with.
Good Course with the ease of Learning it at our Pace.
Great fundamental introduction to Python programming.
Such a great course! Thank you very much to teach me!
I love how these courses are structured.Thanks alot.
Great introductory course to programming and Python!
Great Course, final exam extremely difficult though.
lectures were pretty compact and notes really helped
Easy to learn material with challenging assignments!
a little bit easy but good for learning VERY basics
Very informative and easy for beginners! Thank you!
Efficient explanations and to the point excercises.
its very easy to learn programming i've ever seen..
The course is very good to cover the fundamentals.
if u want to understand Python basics - it's for u
great course for all who want to learn to program!
I really enjoy the task and their way of teaching.
Very good for Introduction to Programing (Python).
Great introductory course!! Intuitive and compact.
Good introduction course to Python and programming
Excellent Course to start with Python. Thank you!
Gr8 course especially if one can follow the pace.
Great Course, really enjoyed learning Through it!
The course was exceptionally useful for students.
Great course. Well explained and well structured.
Great course. Very helpful as an intro to Python.
Thanks to this lesson, i can get to python easili
loved it, it´s my first step for my dream career
Its very good for beginers to 2 years experience
An excellent way to get into Python programming.
The course is very helpfull. Thank the teachers!
I am in the half of this course and I love it :)
This is truly an excellent course for beginners.
Awesome Intro to Programming with Python course.
Very good! It made me began to love programming!
A great course to strengthen your python basics
Exelent to underestand the basics of programing
So explicit in explanations and practicability.
Great tutorial to start off python fundamentals
Very nice course to learn the basics of python!
very nice course to start python! Great course!
Simple to learn Python. And it is for beginners
Simple and clear. Nice introduction to Python3!
Very nice course with good explanation !!Thanks
Excellent initiation in programming with python
Very useful for beginners! Thanks for sharing!
Clear instruction and excellent forum support.
Fantastic introduction to coding fundamentals!
Got a good understanding of programming skills
Excellent professor and easy way of teaching .
Great assignments, a lot of fun while learning
Very informative .One of the best python class
Very well structured and presented. Way to go!
Easy to understand and instructors were great.
Useful for beginners with no python knowledge
a great way to learn Programming using python
Very helpful to start my programming journey!
Excellent for beginners. Thanks for the staff
A nice and well explained guide for beginners
Great course to brush my programming skills.
Step by Step procedural program. I liked it.
Awesome course for beginners. Help me a lot.
Right course for starting python programming
Amazing! I love the woman lecturer the best!
I find this course beneficial and valuable.
Good introduction to programming and python
Good course and materials to start coding.
Good Course! Easier and faster to complete
Very good, especially the quizes and exams
Helpful and encouraging to learn python :)
A good beginning to the programming world.
Love it, highly recomended for beginers!!!
Very well organized and thought provoking.
great course for beginners in programming
Easy to follow lessons. Great Instructors
Great course. Learned so much. Thank you.
Very good techers. Can't add anything. A+
Great introduction to the python language
Great intro course -- highly recommended!
it was great. i learned a lot. thank you
Excellent introductory course to Python.
Fantastic course with great instructors!
The course is extremely easy to follow!
Great class. Well paced and very useful
We interactive , hands on assisgnments.
Recommended course for learning basics.
Excellent Course for Beginner in Python
really helpful for beginners on python!
Great in-depth, step by step learning!
Amazing course for beginner in python.
Some bugs in the pop quizzes though :/
I learned a lot, thank you for that :)
A Very Good Opportunity For Beginners
Very good intro to Python programming
Amazing course. I highly recommend it
Excellent introduction to programming
Easy to follow along and fun to learn
very thorough and easy to understand.
great material and videos. Thank you.
A great start to get into programming
precise course with amazing faculty.
Excellent course for Python starters
very good and detailed for beginners
Excellent course for beginners level
Great place to start learning python
Well organized! Ideal for beginners!
Awesome course. Simple, Neat, Great.
Very good program for the begginers.
Hi, I enjoyed this course very much.
Very well explained and illustrated.
Enjoyed a lot the teaching.thanks!!!
last final exam was a bit difficult
great course with great instructors
A challenging yet rewarding course.
Subjects are explained brilliantly.
Best Python course I've ever taken.
Very good course for basic Python.
The course content is really great
Great course. Ideal for beginners.
Incredible course. Thanks so much!
Very interesting, and challenging!
Systematic and easy to understand.
Easy to follow and well organized.
Thank you very much, instructors!
really good platform for learning
GOOD COURSE TO CLEAR FUNDAMENTALS
Both the instructors are amazing.
TILL NOW MY EXPERIENCE IS AWESOME
I am very happy with this course.
Well-devised and method approach.
Amazing course, very well taught
It's a good introductory course.
Overall very informative course.
Best course on python hands down
very good cours!! learned a lot!
It's really useful for beginner!
My first MOOC and I very much en
Amazing!Learned a lot of things.
Very solid foundational course.
Loved this course!! Thank you!!
Good basics, gets you to start!
Good begineer level referesher.
Super. Fun and modern learning
It's a very good python course
great start for this language.
good one .tests were good too.
Nice introduction to Python...
very nice learning experience
Great course, super in-depth.
Easy to access for beginners.
It was awesome with examples
Great course, very complete!
The best online course ever.
Well organized and thorough.
Good introduction to python.
I love to learn this course
This course is magnificent.
Grate course for beginners!
That was Excellent Course!
Very Very Excellent Course
very clear. step by step.
Great way to get started!
Good one to start python
Interesting and helpful
Wonderful Explanations.
great course! love it!
Amazing, so thorough!
Very basic and fluent
Really great content.
Thanks useful lessons
Very nice! Thank you!
Great beginner course
Very effective pace.
Great to start with
Good stuff my dudes
extremely helpful.
Great basic course
Really excellent !
Great experence!!
Good for noobs!!!
Awesome Course :)
very good intro!
Worth learning !
easy to fallow
Clear language
Good teachers
Just great!!!
is very nice
