Although the material may be helpful, it felt patronising. Once I completed and submitted the videos and quizzes it wasn't marking them as completed and I had to basically wait until the course told me it was overdue and asked me to reset my deadlines. Then I had to re-do the whole course over again for it to be marked as complete
I took the Coursera program with Prof Steve Joordens Managing your Mental Health during COVID19. I completed the course with a 93.2% grade. I have still NOT received from you a copy of my certificate which I paid for. Please provide thatAll the Best,Mary-Jo Fetterly www.mary-jo.com604 754-4488
InferiorI went through Week 1 - this instructor has NOTHING to offer educated mental health professionals / anyone - with any background in psychology.This course is a waste of time - and I have no interest to pursue.
This course is very beneficial to control the mental health during this quarantine life.it helps to enhance interest to try new things.Thank you so much for giving such a great guidance as well as best medium.
Dear Concern,I have completed the course a few days before. But didn’t receive the certificate yet. Please issue my certificate as soon as possible. Thanks!
I never got my certificate.  I completed all 4 weeks with the quizzes and nothing.  It still shows that the course is in progress.
i completed the course long back but i have not received certificates and it is showing reset guidelines which is not accessible
Though I have completed the course, I haven't received my certificate. Even the reset my deadlines is not working.
It is very helpful to reduce anxiety and fear about our new disease covid19
good course but no certificate on completion
Finished the course days in progress
This coures if very usefull
Where’s my certificate?
Very bad experience
In the very use full mind control
It was really informative.
This course could have been kept condensed. It would also have benefited if more psychological and sociological terms have been added to make it more informative and scholarly. I felt that basic ideas were introduced in a round about way instead of presenting them in a precise way. The topic is of course, relevant for the current issues we are facing.
I think this course would have been more helpful and relevant for someone at the beginning of Covid-19. At this point, a lot of the suggestions seem redundant, however the Prof did a great job, and for someone who is new to self care/managing their anxiety and mental health this course would be useful.
This course was very good to me because it help me tremendously during this time of pandemic. It taught me how to manage my anxiety which is something I needed to learn at the moment.
good course for betterment of individual reducing anxiety
I learnt a lot from this course, thank you Coursera 😊
It's really effective in this situation
The course is excellent
Didn't get certificate
need for the hour
Wonderful short course , learned alot.
I discovered this course at a time when I am going through so much mental health issues and the COVID-19 situation even made matters worse. I learned a lot of important points from this course that I am going to put into practice to help me get through this situation. I also discovered that mental health is one underrated aspect of life in some parts of the world (especially in my country), but it is a real issue and people are going through so much out there and opt to suffer in silence. This course somehow made me interested to look into the psychology field in the future.
i am glad that doing this course for controlling Anxiety during this days where we don't have any work.now a days i am spending time with my daughter (5Yrs) she taught's me so much we both are playing in home watching cartoons, having lunch dinner and every thing, i am happy that at present but there is problem in that our job security we are doing work  from home but on finacial case  we are little worry. try to add those how can we strengthen our strength.   thank you.
Down to earth and easy to understand, practical suggestions with enough discussion of psychological research to give background and foundation.  I really enjoyed the presentation and the ideas given to help people and families through this unprecedented (in my lifetime) experience.  It would be really cool to have some suggestions on how to deal with people who are not following social distancing or mask mandates as a part of this course, or as a follow up.
This is a course for those looking for a good overview of how psychological concepts could be applied to how we can react functionally during this pandemic. It does not, however, add anything new for those who are already well-versed in psychology. It might, in fact, be somewhat disappointing for people who have already read a lot of studies on managing anxiety. Nevertheless, it is a good refresher and reminder of what we can do to manage our anxieties.
I found the course very organized content-wise. It was a good choice for not including too many technical details as the course is meant to be for everyone. But I would like to see more lectures on how to control our mind and behaviour with more correlation to human psychology.Overall, the course was enjoying and it definitely helped me. I had the course to look forward to while starting my day. More lectures with more content would be really helpful.
Hi! Prof. Steve Joordens your course was extremely helpful to me and made me realize how important it is to be healthy mentally and have an effective mind control, it made kinda prepared to face my anxiety and depression with the guided relaxation audio that you shared in this course! grateful for your knowledge sharing & Also a big appreciation to the front line health workers! thank you coursera for providing us with this course!
This is very timely for COVID-19 and the our lives in general. A good balance of theory and practice to get people to understand enough of brain “wiring” and things to DO. It removes the feeling of trying to become movers and shakers of the world, and to realize to physically distancing and strengthening social connections is a personal and civic duty. Thank you!
This was a really insightful course. It gave me a lot of takeaways and reminded me of the little things that I could do as an individual although we are in this pandemic. I loved the concept that it is not meant to be a period of social distancing but physical distancing with connection to people via virtual platforms on a physical and emotional level.
This course is a great exercise in self-reflection and has amazing suggestions for those struggling with circumstances created in response to COVID-19. The course is developed with neuro-typical people in mind and is quite short, preventing it from thoroughly exploring how some of the concepts could be applied for neuro-diverse individuals.
Thanks for the valuable information, I would like to ask for further references to be added at the end of every lecture.. this may help us to gain more information about anxiety, depression and so on. Another point, the certificate is not related to  Tornoto University! What is written is only coursera!!!
I found the presenter's style very compassionate. I found the topics and offered methodology very effective, simple and honest. My only recommendation would be perhaps a little bit shorter presentations and less repetitions. Thank you, all the best and stay well!
I like the charisma and simplicity of the author of the course. The course is very short, for sure you can generate other additional videos to cover other additional strategies. Congratulations for your generosity and desire to help others.
Thank you for helping me understand how to let go of things I can't control to reduce stress/anxiety through breathing, pausing, physical social distancing, connecting verbally with positive people and re-calibrating essentially. Thank you!
Thank you for sharing your knowledge and expertise despite having a very simple gadget. I agree with you that it is the message and teachings that are more important. Keep up the good work and good intentions of helping others. God bless.
The course is very effective in a pandemic situation like corona virus, and it help us to know circumstances and work according to the situation. In such scary situation how we should keep our mind stable can understand from this course
Takes into consideration the influence of COVID on the mental health of people, around the globe. Along with providing information and techniques that are not only relevant during this pandemic, about also helpful when this is all over.
Enjoyed the course, very useful and lucid presentation.  However had to take the course twice to get the certificate. made some enrollment mistake in my first attempt.  hence even after completing it, could not get the certificate
This course was extremely interesting and I´ve learned a lot of useful things. Sometimes, in my point of view, content was repeated and summerized too often, but in general I am very glad I assisted that course. Thank you so much!
THIS COURSE IS VERY NIFTY IN THIS CURRENT PANDEMIC SITUATION. I RECOMMEND EVERY ONE TO TAKE UP THIS COURSE BUT ESPECIALLY TO THOSE WHO FEELS VERY ARDUOUS TO CONTROL THERE  MIND DURING ISOLATION.
This course was well paced and the Instructor is very knowledgeable and practical. His suggestions for activities to do during this time was helpful as well. I may actually try Karaoke.
It was an amazing experience to learn and inculcate some behaviour changes in to slef development in this time of crisis. Thankyou to the experts and the instructor and the proffesor
The methods and things taken in this course are not only realted to COVID 19 crisis but also can be used for all other things happening in life. Course was very helpful in general.
A Very nicely put together course that definitely highlights what measures are needed to be taken by one during this pandemic and how one can take care of their mental health.
During this COVID-19 period, having this course is such a blessing. From this type, of course, any student or any person can keep him/her fit both mentally & physically.
Short, clear and useful information. And some really practical tips how to manage yourself in this period, and how to help yourself by helping others. Great! Thank you!
It was a good course, with simple and easily understandeable concepts. For me most of the information provided through the course was repetitive with few new learnings.
Good information thank you, the way how to control our mind without anxious, stress ..regarding the society and our mind set...let us be  safe during covid-19 crises
it was really satisfying and nice course during these COVID19 situation. It will really  help to lead a good and  healthy thought process. Looking forward for it ;)
It was a nice course but I didn't get my certificate even though I had completed all the videos,readings and quizzes. Please provide me my certificate. Thank you!
Very well done.  Good advice and suggestions as to how to keep stress and anxiety at bay. Loved the guided visualization, would have liked to see one more.
Thank you for offering this course.  I found the material interesting,  as well as helpful at understanding emotions during this time of isolation.
Proved to be very helpful and useful during this difficult scenario and surely helped me to improvise my mental health during this condition.
This is a really helpful course not just for me but also for my students/counselees. Would really love to share what I learned here to them.
I enjoy every lesson in every chapter and videos. What he says is true and in reality we must watch ourselves both physically and mentally.
Clear teaching, real life application and friendly lecturer. I wish the exam could be more complex in order to push us to our limits.
This course was quite helpful. Mr. Steve Joordans was very calm and informative as the instructor. Thanks a lot for the opportunity.
Excellent course that provide practical and simple mind control techniques to manage critical situation. Thank you very much.
course was informative but also expected more practical solutions to manage covid anxiety or any other general anxieties.
I really liked the way he explained every thought in the slide with an appropriate context and with similar expressions!
Nice to learn techniques to help cope in this very hard time.  I can share these with my family and friends.  Thank you
It was an amazing course, i am happy that i learned this course, it helps me how to deal with this difficult situation
Thoughtful and helpful advice on how to deal with the anxiety and other pressures of COVID-19 and social distancing.
i have completed the course but it is still showing " in progress "and also unable to receive any certificate..
great course to learn that everyone's social distancing is different and shows you how to calm your anxiety
sir, your lecture was really awesome. thank you sir and thanking to courera team for learninng opportunity
Great course got mind relaxation and educate that how to reduce anxiety in crisis and social isolation
It's an very informative course.i learnt many different thing's.thanks for your well explanation..
This course is very helpful for me...I gain knowledge  to control mental health during  covid 19
This course is very good. it's helped a lot to enhance my personal as well as my personal skills
Very nice i really feel motivated now, clearly understood. Thank you Coursera for such a course
I liked the instructor. Short course which was nice. Valuable information and insight gained.
Good and Healthy tips provided in this crisis,I recommend every group of Learners to enroll.
it was a very informative course which gave an insight about how to manage our mental health
It was really a helpful course on how to deal with various mental issues. Thank You so much
The course was excellent. I really enjoyed listening to a psychologist after so many years!
It is comparatively an easy course. But I didn't get the certificate after completion.
At this panic situation it really helpful to come out from this. Thank you professor.
Helpful and happy to have attended. I learned a lot about how to deal with the virus.
It was a wonderful course and from this I have come to know how. To handle our mind
A very interesting subject , and well explained courses.Thanks Mr STEVE JOORDENS.
Loved Prof. Joorden's way of talking and explaining things. Helped me a lot.
Loved doing the course. Was very insightful and really reflects on me now!
ITS REALLY A VERY VALUABLE COURSE AT THIS  CURRENT SCENARIO. THANK YOU.
VERY HELPFUL AND RELEVANT. TOPICS ARE BRIEF AND CONCISE. WELL-EXPLAINED
Quick and easy to comprehend, I found it very helpful for Covid time.
This course is very informative to how to secure in pendamic period.
Good course. Very insightful and helpful in the present scenario.
Best motivation on how to control our mind in this time of crises
Very good course to ensure mental stability during this pandamic
Much needed course to cope up with the anxiety of this pandemic
Great course. just need to fix the completion glitch. Kudos!!
very interesting subject where can know the controlling  mind
THIS COURSE IS VERY RELEVANT IN THE CURRENT CIRCUMSTANCES
Course content is good, but unable to get a certtificate
Its really helpful for everyone passing lots of at home.
Had a good exprience in mind control @COVID-19 situation
It is a good course to learn and improve mental health
At this time of covid..we have to learn about better
This course was really helpful. Thank you professor!
Very clear! Thank you so much it was really helpful
Great tools to manage uncertain times and emotions.
It's great opportunity to aware about this topic
nice course simple but very helpful..thanks
Beautiful way of teaching and explanation
Its very knowledgeable and helpful.
Very helping during the pandemic
Nce course, it's very interested
VERY INFORMATIVE AND MOTIVATING
Useful course in this situation
Informative and helpful course
Very helpful and entertaining
Very Informative - Thank-you!
It was very good experience
Its very benificial for me
ITs useful during lockdown
It is very useful to us
Thank's great course.
THIS COURSE IS GOOD
Simple and awesome
Very Imformative!
This is good !
its so good.
Good CouRse
Using many of the strategies to help navigate my family and myself  through this weird difficult time. Successfully by using meditation and structured days.
Thank you very much for this well prepared course. You have equipped me with strong mental tools to deal with difficult times when they arise.
During this time where the whole world is going trough a very rough time,it is very imp for the people to take care of their mental health and thanks to this course!It has taught me lot many things.
The course is very helpful and I learned a lot! Professor Joordens explained each topic very well and relates it to simple scenarios that helped me understand the context more. Thank you very much!
Great course. This course enabled me to intensively understand psychological effects concerning COVID -19. It helped me to enhance my professional understanding
exceptional. Timely action for a real problem by Prof Joordens.Thank you for this great course. waitng for the depression course he mentioned
I very much enjoyed the organic aspect of the content as well as the delivery method and moderator. Bravo!
Dr.Steve has this casual way of approach that makes us very comfortable. Its like we have known him before.This course is too good. Why is this course not given a certificate upgrade option?
Great learning and skills developed during these challenging times.
This course is a great way to learn about how our minds work during this pandemics. The thing I liked the most is the style of the professor - he is so genuine, straightforward, funny sometimes and it's just pleasant to listen to him. It's making you feel like you're listening to a friend who is not only providing you with information, but is showing empathy and kindness which reaches you as an individual and not just a member of the audience. The content offers a realistic perspective of what is going out in our minds in this period, being in physical isolation, so I strongly recommend it. It's not very often to reach such a good content these days, making an overview of what is happening and how we could cope with it. Thanks to the professor for being available to put this material together! I recommended it to family, friends, the people at work (I'm doing remote work during this period). It took me less than 4h to complete and it was clearly time well spent.
I found this course to be very helpful. Bravo! Prof....
I have only finished Week 1, but I feel comfortable rating this course 5-stars! Prof. Joordens presents this information in a calm, digestible, engaging manner. I would argue this isn't merely a course for COVID-19, but one that develops lifelong skills (as Prof. Joordens mentions in his overview). As someone who struggles with anxiety, the way Prof. Joordens has explained why anxiety happens, how to mitigate it, and how to train my mind to relaxation is invaluable. Thank you for creating this course! Looking forward to Week 2!
Thanks a lot for the knowledge about mental health and the tools to help us go through these times of physical distancing. I really enjoyed it.
Simple, easy to understand and offered effective strategies for those having mild anxiety. Thank you and hope to see you again !!
Mind Control: Managing Your Mental Health During COVID-19, was an absolutely fantastic course.  Wow! I did the entire course in the 3 hour duration as I was eager to learn all at once.  Professor, Steve Joordens was wonderful and made the course such an enjoyable one. Thank you, Professor. The course was evenly paced and easy to understand. I loved the guided relaxation and have been practicing it several times a day and seeing immediate benefits. This was my very first course by Course Era and I am inspired to take more courses and especially ones taught by this Professor. Thank you so much!
Lovely course that gives you insight into how anxiety, fear and depression relates to one another. Great guidelines on how to effectively manage metal health during this time as well as other stressful situations.
This course is very help me and show how can I manage my mind during this hard time. I really love the way that Prof. show us how easy to be relax! Thank you very much for this amazing course.
Excellent course. Very useful for these times of confinement. Makes you feel less alone and gives you the tools necessary to deal with anxiety. Professor Steve Joordens has managed to summarize in this short course just everything you need to better manage all the sensations and confusion we are all sharing right now. Very generous and emphatic on his part to have shared all this knowledge with us.
Nicely done with a lot of great information put in relatively easy-to-understand terms.  It is very well laid out.  I would imagine this could help a lot of people as they struggle with the current situation.  I also hope that it facilitates the idea that we are in this together and that focusing on each other a little more will get us through this.  Thanks for this.
Great help for everyone. Physical distancing are very important and we must strengthen our social connection.
Professor Steve Joordens of the University of Toronto and his online course Mind Control: Managing Your Mental Health During COVID-19 delivered by Coursera are excellent and outstanding.  He taught us learners to control our anxiety, to manage our environment and avoid isolation, and to craft each of our days so that we have productive times and relaxation times.  I downloaded the Guided Relaxation Audio by Professor Steve Joordens, and this is something that will be useful to me daily.  I took Professor Steve Joordens' online Introduction to Psychology course delivered by Coursera in the year 2015, which I thought was excellent and outstanding as well, and in this year 2020 course he went beyond the material from the year 2015 and gave excellent new insights.  I give Professor Steve Joordens and his Mind Control: Managing Your Mental Health During COVID-19 online course my very highest recommendation!!
I loved every bit of it! Understanding what is going on with my mind and body really puts me in a better place. Working on listening to the Anxiety Relaxation Audio every day and it works; makes me energetic when I am low, to get up and get my shit done. Thank you so much for the course, it's much required during this time.I hope everyone is doing okay!
Steve, you are very smart, kind sounding and on point. For such a last minute course, your content has zero bla bla; everything, whether relevant to me or not, was excellently spoken and it did cover possibily most people's needs. Thank you for sharing freely your excellent teaching skills and knowledge! Best, Jhonatan
So grateful that a course like this exists.  I found the information that was presented easy to understand and in such a way that small changes to my daily routine seem manageable.  Thank you very much!
The course is very insightful.  The topics were carefully and simply taught by Prof. Joordens.  It's easy to understand and has helped a lot in understanding how our minds work esp during this pandemic.
Loved it! Some worthy lessons for even the post-Covid world. Thank you, Steve, for a fantastic set of videos!
A good course to take for tips in keeping ourselves calm and preoccupied during these trying times
It is an wonderful initiative by the Professsor.
Again, I enjoyed the Professors calm way of passing on important knowledge from his vast catalog of knowledge to the ordinary student, without it becoming high-browed or too low-key. It was again in a quiet and calm dialogue-like manner, that one video took the next and wupti so that the samples could be crossed without any problems - and the content was fine tuned. I would have liked to pay for the course and get a little proof, but it's probably just me :-)Thanks again.Henrik
This course was very beneficial to me because as a technical parson of others field I have learned a lot of things which are very much important for all in there pendemic as I think.. thanks ❤️
The course was very well planned and structured. It helped me to understand the anxiety issues i was earlier dealing with myself and took me back to the right track of knowledge. Thankyou!! :)
Thank you sir, for your humbleness of feeling for teach us in good way. I have learned about how to control my mind or any distraction. Thank for giving this great platform to us !!!
Very informative course. I found the guidance really helpful, and I suggest this course to everyone who is trying to maintain balance in his life during this adverse time.
Dr. Joordens takes a relaxed approach to presenting some fundamental background on anxiety and taking control, particularly during these stressful times of COVID-19.
I enjoyed this course, the content and quizzes easy to understand and explained in plain language.  Prof. Joordens provided useful tips and strategies for managing mental health during this challenging time. For future content, perhaps include more psychological theory on anxiety responses and mental health might be useful, as well as short assignments/reflection pieces. Overall, enjoyable and worth taking, thank you!
I love this course. The way things are explained is really enough for every learner to be more interested and keep learning. I also love how Prof. Steve shares his practical recommendations in dealing with anxiety and the likes. Hope to see more courses like this. Thank you for this learning opportunity!
Videos well done, short and informativeHelpful strategies, especially the jedi mind controlIt works because I have been using for several years before taking this course. It is great to see this idea reinforced with easy to follow steps
This course is very interesting and informative one. Any body can take this course within short duration. Surely this course is very useful to everyone.Thank you cordinator and instrucor
the professor successfully conveyed his point accross .and frankly speaking i didnt expect the class to be so fun,but i was surprised to find myself enjoy learning with the professor .
The Course is timely and useful. Lessons are direct, understandable and relevant.However, i have already completed the course since yesterday but the status remains  “in progress”
NIcely done sir. It was addictive. I have learnt a lot of theory but this was more like theroy into practical, how can we practically deal with things, which I loved the most.
Very informative and helpful now that we are facing this pandemic.. It helps in our emotional outlook and learned that social interaction is important at this time of crisis
It's good course especially since many of us got so worried about our mental health in this pandemic situation.
This course is very much useful for me as I'm Very much nervous on Every situation
This is my first course on coursera and I really liked it
It's help how to live and oppos the corona virus
Professor Joorden, your course has been tremendously enlightening. I am pleased to see the  emphasis placed on empathy, Also, to see the positive side of our changed situation, such as quality time with family, walks in nature, and connecting on an emotional level with loved ones. The recommendation of being in touch with the elderly lonely souls too is highly commendable. I wish your course had a website that in fact allowed us to daily connect with homes to give solace, comfort and love to those most in danger from the virus, given their age and illnesses. I for one would daily spend some time chatting through zoom or whatever, learn its workings, and take such an endeavour very seriously, if the platform existed. No other place better than your course. Thank you for your immensely humane ways, sharing them with us, your purpose in life has brought purpose to us as well..  If I may say so, your email was covered by your image in the last lecture.... Wishing you the best, and your wife and doggie.... Laila Khan: lkhan.cnsa@gmail.comPS: I retook the whole course just now, as I was informed I needed to complete it. If I recall, when I took it last, there were no quizzes.... it was a pleasure returning to it, and I shall do so again  to better absorb all the good sense recommended here...
What a wonderful professor and course.  I recommend this course.  It is put together with care and concern, backed by a solid foundation of multiple principles of self-awareness and self-care pointers.  Anyone who struggles with the care of their workday, their family, their own mental attitude in the harsh demands of a virus pandemic in the middle of a city (or anywhere for that matter!)   will find this a breath of fresh air:  serves you a palette of common sense, solid facts, and gentle prods to get your house in order - Trains you to relax yourself so you can be your best for yourself, your work, your family, your community.  Everything is covered.  Not a stone is unturned.  Professor Steve J is the BEST. This is a course that will stay on your mind and you will retain the tools (once learned) for life. Thank you, Professor Steve J.             -      Student Spring/Summer 2020, Sacramento CA
Instructor: Dr. Steve Joordens was beyond wonderful at teaching this class.  Not anyone can do it.  I learned a great deal and have reduced my anxiety by using the techniques we were taught.Dr. Joordens did such a great job teaching this class.  His calm, caring attitude helped a great deal.  Techniques for surviving a pandemic include: reducing stimuli - such as overusing social media can be beneficial, planning our day helps us to remember to use our techniques such as meditation and exercise to make us feel more motivated and healthy,  and remembering to social distance etc. but also to make sure we have contact with other people to help us feel better mentally - we can use the telephone to have conversations with people who are alone or to call a friend and ask how they are doing.  This class was wonderful and anyone would benefit from it.
I have given 5 stars to this amazing course because it helped me to understand my mental state in the COVID-19 period. This course boosted my confidence to step ahead in my life. Due to social isolation, I was depressed and anxious. I had lost my confidence. But this course guided me very well to bounce back. I learnt some of the valuable tips from this course which are healthy food which will nourish my mind. Truly helpful course for anyone how wants to develop their mental strength. Videos were too simple to understand. Course instructor Steve Joordens explaining technique is mindblowing. He can teach anybody. Hat's off to his teaching. Thanks, Steve for your immense guidance. I am very much happy to complete this course.
This course is something really something everyone should do not just during this lockdown but at any point of time, the content of this course helps one to realize certain things about the mental health and also it really helped me come out of the anxiety that I have not due to COVID but some personal things. This short and sweet course really helped me get out of it. I'd like to thank the professor for his time to make this course and surely this is bringing a positive change for people like me. I strongly recommend this course for anyone and everyone out there and I believe that the things that you are going to learn out of this course are going to help you somewhere in your life if not today.
Brilliant BasicsI found this course very relevant, easy to follow and understand.  I have done a few readings about this subject so I was familiar with most of what he brought to the table and completed this before 4 weeks; but still he did it brilliantly. Prof. Joordens had a beautiful natural way of talking and very personal approach. He was not typically lecturing or dominating - very light hearted with simple, basic life examples and a little old school but I appreciated it and felt I could relate, trust and have confidence in his approach. He was very respectful and did not use slang or negative insinuations. His final dedication to all the health workers worldwide was touching!
This really is a great course, guides you subtly through societal demographics, factors that influence you, overthinking, holding on to singular thoughts which negatively increase anxiousness due to over consumption of information and how to deal with these things by counter acting, balancing and teaching ourselves to practice mental and physical relaxation techniques also by distracting thoughts are the key features and the main aim of this course, it doesn't only help you through times like these but also in regular day to day life post the current scenario (physical isolation from social beings due to Corona Virus).
The lectures provide very practical tips to help us manage the psychological state in the health pandemic of the century! I like the Professor's friendly disposition used in his videos. Instead of speaking with us like a formal authority to students, his tone and facial expressions certainly show that he genuinely cares for all of us. ;)A Professor who truly practises what he preaches about building social connections which are so vital during this looming mental health epidemic that experts have been talking about. Go for this course; you will not regret learning useful skills that can benefit us for life! :)
During this pandemic, most of the people are suffering from the psychological issues or may be some kind of depression. This lecture on "Mind Control: Managing your mental health during COVID-19" can help a lot to identify your actual issues and there are many ways which are described here so that we can also find some kind of escape to deal with this. There are so many interesting ways such as painting, singing, dancing and many more to indulge  your mind into different kind of activities so that we can take care of our mental health because mind is also the art of our body and also needed to treat well.
Excellent course! From this course I am taking away a lot of helpful information and points how to better deal with the anxiety COVUD-19 has brought into my life and the life of everyone around me. It made me understand better why I/others feel so extremely stressed and what options there are to deal with the situation in order to stay healthy. Steve even opened my eyes that I/everyone can get something positive out of this extrem situation. Thank you! What an excellent class and teacher!  I can definitely recommend this course and will  continue using COURSERA for my personal growth. Thank you!
The course was structured very well. The videos had the right amount of content - they were neither overwhelming nor underwhelming. Complex concepts are explained in a simple manner and Psychology is brought into the picture again and again. This lends depth to the content and the learner feels like they're truly getting something out of the course. The knowledge gained is applicable to real life and can be done in a few simple steps and this is perhaps the biggest plus point. All in all, it was an extremely interesting few hours and I'd definitely tune in if there's more!
I found this course to be very helpful with respect to acknowledging what one may to feeling during this pandemic, to the whys one may be feeling the way they are to how one can can gain some feelings of control through simple specific daily actions. As the parent of a teenager heading off to university studies this September, I really appreciated the concise delivery of relevant material that is easily explained to others (ie. that teenager). I found this course, the manner it was delivered and the take aways very positive, helpful and comforting. Thank you Professor!
I am so glad to take up this course. This is very much relevant in our present situation and also this will stay with me all along since these concepts and practices are also applicable in dealing with other factors causing us anxiety, not just this ongoing pandemic. Professor Steve Joordens effectively shared with us his knowledge and delivered a comprehensive understanding on how our mind works and shared us how we can control negative thoughts. This is very much helpful in many ways. Thank you Professor Joordens, University of Toronto, and the whole Coursera Team.
Enrolling on this course was the best thing I did in this time. It helped me learn the ways we can manage our anxiety. This course also taught me how important it is to take care of our mental health and how we can do that simply by focusing on little but important things and doing our everyday habitual chores more purposefully. The instructor was just Amazing, Fantastic, Great!!! If I could, I would give him more than 5 stars for his wonderful effort to make this course so enjoyable as well as informative in a way that everybody can remember.
This course really helped me understand feelings and behaviors that have arisen in me and those close to me in the wake of the pandemic. It has also given me ideas and tools to control the anxiety that generates so much uncertainty, without a doubt isolating myself was not helping me so I have chosen to strengthen my friendships virtually and from a distance, but without a doubt the power of the feel identified and in society. Tanks SteveP.D. I keep practicing and I am more and more aware of when I need to regain my state of relaxation
I really like this short course because it is something that most of us needed during these times. What I like most about the topic is that it truly helps me in determining and managing what triggers my mental problems. One way to manage our mental health is by teaching our mind and body how to relax and what relaxation feels like; hence the guided relaxation. Trying out the guided relatxation activity really puts my body into ease and I might try to make it a habit along the way to lessen my anxiety even after this pandemic.
Mind control: managing your mental health during COVID 19 ,was an absolutely fantastic course. Wow! I did the entire course in the 3hours duration as i was eager to learn all at once, professor. The course was eventy paced and easy to understand.  I loved the guided relaxation and have been practicing it severals time a day and seeing immediate benefits this was my every first course by course.  Earned I am inspired to take more courses and especially ones though by this professor,thank u so much.
This course is really very informative and  practical in nature. I am really impressed by Professor Steve Joordens style of teaching. The course is very beneficial in all respects, For  me as well for my family and others related to me.  Please send me more list of professor Steves Joordens courses in Coursera. I want to learn more from him and practice it in life. He is an excellent teacher. Thank you professor Steves for sharing your knowledge with us. Best Wishes and Kind RegardsSaima Ehsan
this was a very helpful and skill asserting course that assisted me in being able to deal with the anxiety and depression caused by the pandemic , it really opened up ways to ensure i be able to manage isolation as well as helping those who are lonely and not social connected ..the idea is to connect, re-invest and re connect with people socially dispite  physical distancing we are facing and making better things of the free  time we have in hand and also keeping healthier and better .
The time i take to complete a week's task like watching the lists of videos and then solving those tricky problems to get the solution of the assignments, In the mean time I eventually completed this course on Coursera. This course is truly motivating at times and situations like this. I would really like to appreciate the initiative of the course instructor and salute to all the frontline worker out there working day and night for safety from this human malware.
I found this course really interesting and useful. I gratefully appreciate the efforts taken by Prof. Steve Joordens, and he did his best. His session was very interesting. Many around the world suffer from anxiety and depression, with a majority committing suicide. In that context, this topic seems extremely relevant, so that I can also help myself and others who are suffering from the same. Thank you to the entire team of Coursera and SNM Training College.
This 'course' is FANTASTIC. Short, sweet, to the point, chock full of very doable tips for managing anxiety, and 'putting together' a plan/approach for getting through, in positive, self affirming ways, this current situation we're all dealing with. Mr. Joordans is an empathetic, funny, and warm teacher. This is a great course...and let's you jump right in and grab some easy, helpful 'coping' skills. Thank YOU, Mr. Joordans for putting this course together!
I love the course because aside from it's timely, it is very helpful to me and I think to all learners because all of us need to manage our mental health in order to control our decisions, emotions and interactions towards everyone.  I look forward to share this learning to my colleagues at work so that they may also experience the positive impact of controlling one's mind during this trying times.  Thank you for the great learning opportunity.
It was a great course for me to handle better with the situation we are all experiencing. I wish I had taken the course earlier days of quarantine, but my university will be online for months. So I will spend more time at home to not spread the virus. And the things I learned from this course will help me, I'm sure. Our teacher was excellent and I felt really comfortable while watching the videos and trying to understand. Thank you all!
It was a great experience for me. Currently, we face a very hard situation, and it all new to us. I didn't know what to do with new extra hours, anxiety, uncertainty for two months. This course gave me a better understanding of what I did in isolation that I normally do is okay and I can have control over my stress. It seems not a big deal but I needed this course. I think all people need to learn about mind control during tough times.
The instructor was very organized. I became more impressed as the course went on.people often wonder why I am not anxious. This course help me to understand myself better. Many of the suggestions I’ve been doing for 50 years, such as singing as soon as I wake up, meditating on Scripture, exercising, dancing and trying to be nice to others and engaging them.Thank you very much. I’ve already suggested other people to take the course.
I enjoyed the course. Really involved in watching the videos and clearly understood each and every point.  I always use the word physical distance from the beginning of COVID19 problem in India. This was emphasized by the speaker continuously. I was completely elated. I am insisting on my friends and students use the words physical distance and social connectivity. I also follow it. Simply fantastic course, I have taken.
An excellent course, I wish I had found it sooner! Professor Joordens passed on his knowledge extremely well, with just the right amount of humour, which I now know to be invaluable, thrown in. I have a longstanding interest in psychology, which has been enhanced by this course. Added to that, it will enable me to, hopefully help my work colleagues who are still on furlough, as well as those now back at work. Thank you.
I believe this is a valuable course to take especially in a time of such uncertainty. I find it important to go through courses like this before attempting to up-skill so that you go into other courses without any hindrances that might affect the learning process. Thank you Prof for breaking it down in a way that makes it easy to understand the topics and helped me to reflect on what my own mental health in this time.
I find this course very helpful. How I wish I took it sooner. I'm grateful to have been a part of this class and I look forward to more content regarding coping with anxiety and how to better connect with other people during this prolonged state of community quarantines at the time of COVID. I would like to extend my thanks to our lecturer, Prof. Joordens, to Coursera, and all my fellow learners. Keep safe, everyone!
This was much needed, practical advice at a time when even small things may aggravate the persistent feeling of anxiety about doing the right things well at work.Working in health care one is constantly concerned about the accuracy of putting on and taking off protective gear.I wish there were more lectures to follow.It adds to the structure of feeling like you are doing something which is also relaxing the mind.
This was an amazing course! The Professor was very understanding of the problems we face, everyday, and offered simple solutions that can be easily implemented for dealing with anxiety. He gave us hope and the fact that he placed great importance on building emotional connectivity suggests that he understands, truly, that in such grave and scary times, we need to support each other. I recommend it to everyone.
I am so grateful and happy to take this course. There is not only the basic information about how to manage our lives, but also the critical information about our bodies. Knowing all of them helps may help us to get rid of the feeling of depression or even being useless by just having control over our minds. In this course, the way of it is summarized as simple, short and funny as possible. So, thanks a lot!
Managing your mental health is a relevant and apt course at this time of Covid pandemic. The relaxation techniques and the right understanding of physical isolation with social connectivity is beautifully explained.  Reaching out to the vulnerable and learning new things will give a sense of fulfilment and purpose at this time of crisis.   The disease will pass and we will be stronger together as humanity.
The professor was very knowledgable, but not intimidating, so the material was really approachable. Obviously, the analysis of lockdown is very useful as it has continued into the summer, so it's still very timely. The science behind the course was fascinating and I'd love to take another course by this professor. I'll continue to refer to these materials throughout the lockdown for my own mental health.
i found this course very helpful.  i live with depression due to ptsd and many excellent points and suggestions were made in the program.  i am pretty introverted but do enjoy personal interaction. i've been missing this during this time.  steve made good suggestions about increasing interaction while still distancing and setting up structure so there is a sense and rhythm to the day.  thank you, steve!
This course really did give me new insights and knowledges related to psychology and how to deal with life when were in a middle of a pandemic.  Prof. Joordens did an excellent job explaining a psychological related topic that are not necessarily easy to understand by people that are not familiar with psychological terms.  Im impressed with how he managed to explain things in a simplest way.
Just wanted to take a moment to personally THANK Professor Joordens for putting together an informative course. Professor I appreciate your time and effort and am excited to put to use the information you provided. I enjoyed your teaching technique, you came across very compassionate and engaging.  I'm new to the online learning and look forward to checking out more courses! Many Thanks!!
This course is really helpful and immensely needed for the mental well being in the crucial Pandemic situation.I am very much thankful to the instructor for being concern for our well being which is pretty much needed for getting rid of depression as well as anxiety.I do appreciate more and more courses like this and best wishes for you and your family. Regards, Shajib from Bangladesh
It was an amazing course by Steve joordens , university of Toronto, Canada it made me to change my lifestyle identified the mistakes we are committing unknowingly and corrected it from the guidance in this course it's a necessary course for each and everyone during this pandemic I bow and salute to professor Steve joordens for explaining about ourselves the science inside us 🙏🙏
This course is very good. It teaches us the meaning of relaxation and to be positive despite the test that we are facing now. He share with us few strategies to manage isolation by advising us to take a walk, doing some aerobic, spent accomplish what we like to do, example learn new skill, playing instrumental instrument, like guitar, or take up online courses that we like.
I really enjoyed the way Steve tied in what we're all experiencing in our world at the moment with how our bodies are responding both physiologically and psychologically. It really helps to put it all in context and see that we are built to respond in this way and once we know that we can work to push things back in our favour. We can learn to thrive through Covid-19!
This is great! thank you for this! I was wondering of different ways I can relax and avoid social distancing. I want to interact with my family and friends but do it safely. I love how the professor talked about it being physical distancing and not so much social distancing. Thank you for this course! Definitely changes your mindset on some things during COVID-19.
This course specially on mind control during COVID 19 was worth the take. The session was both informative and thought provoking. The topics about sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems were intresting. I had now learned the trick to reduce stress and not to be anxious. To conclude the entire course was helpful. Looking forward for more of these sessions.
this is a nice and a needed course at these times, it was very helpful and gave a lot of insight at things. managing emotions is one of the very important things that has to in play at such times. how to deal with our daily growing anxiety and trigger relaxation in our body is important for us to know during these times. this was a very helpful course.thank you.
It was a highly informative course. It will be very helpful to someone who is dealing with mental health issues in this pandemic and also to someone who is willing to help others to overcome this tough times. Through this course I came across to some psychological terms and facts that I did not know before. The teaching method of the instructor was very good.
The lectures were all very succinct, insightful, and applicable. The lessons all have a scientific basis behind them, yet they are explained in such a way that you do not need extensive background knowledge in order to immediately apply them in your life. I am grateful that I took this course and will surely use what I learned as I cope with the pandemic.
I got a golden chance to attend the courses provide on COURSERA for free. It was indeed a great experience with Sir. This course helped me gain a broader perspective on how I can help myself and others out of anxiety and other psychological effects during this tough time. Overall enjoyed learning new things and hoping for more.Regards,Al Alisha Nijas
Professor Joordens has summed up effective ways of dealing with our anxieties in a very beautiful manner! Adding to the relevance, ease of these strategies, his voice is too soothing and calming to listen to and follow. I cannot wait to share these thoughts with my parents and better late than never, start dealing with our anxieties effectively!
Amazing! I was looking for something exactly like this! Simple, straight to the main ideas and, also, the Professor who gives the lectures looks like a very nice, calm and sweet person.It's really easy to keep up the pace with the activities and, besides, I find it really helpful to understand what we're going through right now. Again. amazing!
This course really help me to get control over mind & I really feel better after completing this course. I would love to share my knowledge & try to help others out with the knowledge I gained from this course. I really loved the way of teaching of Professor Steve Joordens; he really simplified the theories & make it look so easy. Thanks!
Wonderful course that gives abundance of knowledge about Covid-19 and how it affects us mentally. Please engage in this course it explores what choices we have to help in our journey doing this pandemic.  From the mind/body exercises to the scheduling of activities to keep us grounded and what physical/social isolation does to us.
I undertook this course because I have always prioritized 'Mental Health' as an individual and in times like these where we are clueless on how to deal with our anxiety and vulnerability this course has been a blessing in disguise. Special thanks to Steve Joordens for making and curating this course in a simple and crisp manner!
Teacher's opinions matched with my opinions that's makes me feel so good , I also say my family the same things. I just enjoyed to learn this course and feel free. Thank you for increasing my mental health in this covid-19 situation. Thank you sir , Coursera . I love to learn more psychology courses form this teacher in future.
Honestly, after sitting at home for two months in lockdown, I finally got myself to do something productive. This course was so helpful! I've been struggling with anxiety for years now and COVID just made things harder, but this definitely helps me cope. I'll be sure to pass on the information to family and friends. Thank you.
There are many things I have been doing since adolescence and never had a name for it. Not only did I learn the names for the techniques, but I learned new components to put it all in perspective. I cannot believe that I am unknowingly on the right track. Thank you so much for being a great teacher (external locus there? LOL)
Thank you very much! This course was extremely helpful and i recommended for all my family and friends. By the way, in my university we have a project that work with people who has anxiety and depression using exercice phisic to manage this disturbis. We proposed to then to do this course and the feedback is amazing. Congrats
Thank you Sir Dr.Steve for your humbleness of feeling for teach us in good way. Your expertise and casual way of approach that makes us very comfortable. Its like we have known you before.I  have learned about how to control my mind or any distraction. This course is too good. Thank for giving this great platform to us!!
Great course! Even though I am a psychology graduate and heard these tips from news and other mental health professionals before, this course really convinced me with scientific evidence why we should try these tips. Thanks Dr. Joordens! (P.S.: Dedication to healthcare workers was really thoughtful and affective.)
I believe the course is a perfect guide towards fighting with anxiety during this uncertain time. Well, we have always lived in a uncertain environment, so this is absolutely a perfect course for beginners to understand about the aspects of human psychology during uncertainty. Highly recommended to all age groups.
It's a wonderful course, and Prof. Steve Joordens is an awesome teacher! The way he inspires , talks, and carries himself is truly encouraging. This course is very informative too, I hope that someday, in the future, I'd also be able to help someone with the knowledge I encountered in this course! Thank you! ♥
As a Psychology major student and a person who is going through all of this COVID and mental health issues in my own life, I found this course very helpful and guiding, personally and professionally. The topics are well explained and the recommendations, when applied are really effective. Thank you so much :)
A great course with much take-away and useful tips and information.  This (Covid) is unknown territory for everyone and I feel that the more we can put our minds and bodies at ease, the better we will be able to manage the stressors that are presented due to everything that is going on around us.  Thank you!
The course was really helpful to navigate my personal and professional life during this pandemic time. the course is extremely easy to understand the mental health  with effective strategies .                              Thank you Prof. Joordens for the great guidelines of social and physical distancing.
It was an awesome learning experience.I learnt a lot about anxiety management and time management during this period of isolation.Really helped me cope up with this crisis. I also realized the importance of social connections and learning new things and also carpe diem..thanks to the course instructor!!
A very nice way to gather some knowledge on The machinery underlying anxiety and how to control it, Managing anxiety by managing my environment and Understanding and managing the effects of isolation will help to manage our mental health during COVID-19. So i will recommend everyone to do this course.
This course was really interesting! I loved how prof Joordens talked about all the different aspects of anxiety and how to deal with it during those uncertain times. Also appreciating things we have rather than focusing on things we lost. "Mental health is definitely as important as physical health".
Steve fragmented the big mental health issue to face it by small steps. It really helped me to recognize and understand my body & mind more, also how to be relax before reacting to surprised situations that somehow break the common routine.Thank you so much, Steve, looking forward to another course.
Thank you Professor Joordens! I've learned a lot, I definitely enjoyed the whole course. You kinda hit all those points especially the Isolation part (I live alone in an apartment away from my family so I can be close to work). Much appreciation and virtual hugs from the Philippines. Keep safe!
It was extremely informative. Anyone can take up this course, there is no need to be in the medical field as such. These times can be hard on anyone, regardless of our age and this course talked about the needs of not only solving this issue but identifying it from the roots and accepting it.
Thank you so much for this course. I was following a schedule I the beginning but then it got off track. But when I was doing it I felt much more in control and my anxiety was in check too. I am definitely going to start doing it again and incorporate the helpful tips that you have provided.
Really appreciated having taken this course and it really has shown me the ways in which I and the others around me have changed and in a way become us. I wish to really put into practice everything discussed in this course and help others as well to find their self again.Thank you so much!
It was really helpful and motivating. I was really struggling with all this isolation now I have plenty to do. It is always better to have internal control than getting panic or anxious about things. Life is a journey and one must keep its head up to face the coming challenges on his ways.
Very informative.  Also provided concrete steps to conquer problems in today's pandemic situation,  Understanding the workings of the mind and emotion makes me less anxious.  The visuals presented were helpful.  The videos are well planned.  I recommended it to my friends.  Thanks a lot!
The knowledge and skills gained from this course are not only applicable during this pandemic period but will be useful in daily life. Prof Steve has a very calm and personal way of delivering the lectures making the course a great learning experience. Thank you for creating this course.
Thank you so much Professor Joordens for such an amazing course. It was to the point, informative, interesting, fun to watch, and is applicable far beyond just this COVID-19 pandemic. I feel much better equipped to handle my own anxieties as well as help my loved ones through theirs.
I really enjoyed the course and learned some beneficial takeaways for me to implement into my daily life such as the mindfulness practice. I appreciated that the content was delivered in a semi-casual and chatty manner as it made learning easier. Thank you for the wonderful course!
That was one of the most engaging courses I have ever had. Thank you ,Professor Joordens for this  warmth and positivity. Besides calming myself down, I had a lot of new staff about psychology which have awakened my curiosity. I would have rated 10 if it was possible. THANK YOU :)
Very interesting. For me this course really reiterated a lot of the 'tools' I already had in my 'toolbox'. It was good to hear them again with the suggestion of the relaxation exercise which I had learned around 30 years ago and for some reason pushed aside in my mind. Thank you.
This course makes me sad because I wish I have a lecturer like Steve Joordens in real life. In all seriousness, this course helps me understand the more about how the mind works and how to "control" it. The explanation was simple yet understandable. I really enjoyed this course!
this is kind of a new things for me, but then instead of makes me doubt, this mind control thing actually triggering my self to continue every video that given to me, and in the end its veeeeery helpfull for me, i mean not only the certificate or score, but for my inner self.
It's very much helpful to learn ourselves to get in a mind control and preserve our mental health during this pandemic isolation as well the quarantine period. and you can also inculcate our loved ones about this. It was quiet a nice experience that could learn more about it.
it was really helpful! I now manage this time of crisis much better. For example, I dont watch news anymore because i couldn't able to budget :D I try my best to connect and reconnect people and family members. I also dance, sing and paint every suitable time. so thank you!!
A simple yet lucid discussion of the predicament that all of us are in across the world. Have found the presentation to be excellent and soothing. The suggestions sometimes amusing and very practical presented effectively for for any lay person (non-psychologist). Thank you!
When i joined this course, i was just  looking for something to pratice my english. However, i have learned a lot of things that i used to underestimated, like emotional control. This experience allowed me to understant better how our mind affects ourselfs and our health.
I learned a lot and will try my best to apply everything I've learned from the course. This course albeit short was very helpful. It has also provided me with some ideas for my action research proposal that I will be implementing to senior high school learners. Thank you!
The course was great! It certainly provided a lot of information regarding how to handle mental health during the pandemic. The teacher was amazing! Found his method of teaching very informative. Going to check out more courses by him for sure. Thank you for this course!
Thank you Prof. Joordens for this short course. You keep it simple, and very easy to understand all the theory eventhough im not a psychology student. Its really helpfull due to this pandemic situation. Now I'm able to manage my stress and anxiety and also sleep well :)
This course really gives you knowledge towards mental health. My experience with this is great. I appreciate to the professor who shares this topic to us  which is very helpful in this COVID-19 . I get the information or knowledge which I wanted and this helps me alot.
It actually was an amazing course, The instructor managed all the right topics in the correct way; he teached how to manage our current axiety and the importance of it. As a member of the medical sciences community I'm very thankful for all the knowledge offered here.
The course is very good. I learned very interesting things and they will really help me a lot to face my social interactions in isolation and calm my anxiety. The teacher is very nice doing the class and i would like to see him in another course. Thank you very much!
This course has been extremely helpful for me. I have been trying meditation for some time for getting over anxiety but now I'm using the guided relaxation by Dr.Steve Joordens. It has helped me to relax faster. I thank Coursera and the Professor for this course...
This course is very useful for me .It will help how to learn something.Mental health is no different from physical health .Mind control, relaxation.Those social connection are sociolly aproach physical distance.sing along with their family .These platform help me.
Conscise, precise and informative course giving great tips as to where Anxiety comes from and how to use it to our advantage to control our emotions and become empowered rather than slip into depression in these difficult times. I very much enjoyed it! thank you!
Excellent course.  I highly recommend it to everyone, even people who feel as though they are not experiencing anxiety at the moment.  I will use the tools that I learned here well into the future, not just during COVID.  Thanks so much for making this available.
this course was extremely helpful to me in dealing with all the negative effects brought on by quarantine! Prof Joordens is a great lecturer, delivered the materials in a clear and concise way that commanded my full attention. Thank you so much for this course!
It's an excellent course about mental health specially in this pandemic time. One can learn how to stay anxiety free and relaxed in this quarantine period. Also how to stay calm and and control the mind set. We are physically distanced but socially together.
We'll this course was really amazing n it helped me a lot to deal wd things going around......moreover I would like to thank Steve joordans ...sir ur amazing...(anxiety, mind control, isolation, stress, threats)It really helps us out during this covid issue
I found this course extremely timely and useful to help me improve my wellbeing. Daily I implement many of the useful strategies to help me better manage and cope during this pandemic. Thank you very much for putting together such an impactful course. Aimee
This really helped me keep track of my mental state while being quarantined, even after months. It felt very natural to watch the videos, the topic is very interesting and I'll make sure to use the knowledge I gained to help the people I know. Thank you.
This course was very informative and fun. I feel like I am now able to adjust my ways during this difficult time to ensure that I minimize my anxiety and actually make the most of this time. I recommend for every one to complete this course and "relax".
This is was an amazing course. Thank you so much. This really helped me a lot. I'm really blessed for all the things this course did for me. i promise i will use these techniques to get over my anxieties, even the ones that are not related to COVID 19
What a brainwave! Found very useful indeed in this difficult time. Profuse thanks to instructors for making such a wonderful course. It really helped me help myself and gave me an especially good advice of connecting with those in need of connections.
Thank You !!!! Mr Steve for guiding us with your experience and explaining in a simple manner.   Good mental health can be defined as a state of well-being which allows an  individual to cope with the normal stresses of life and function productively.
A simple and informative free course. Great for anyone who's currently dealing with anxiety in this trying time. The lecturer not only provides theories that are explained in easy English but also actual things we can do to help address our anxieties.
Thank you so much for the opportunity to learn to be a better self during this pandemic. This course is very useful to learn how to control mind, relax, stay away from anxiety and fill our day with positive things. Once again, thank you sooo much..
The course was very useful and i am sure that i will be now able to deal with stress  and mind control easily. The professor was very good, i loved his teaching. He tried to explain us each and every problem. So thank you everyone for this course
This is one of the best course i did from coursera. I enjoyed learning  the topic. Everything was on the point and it was very beautifully presented by Professor Steve Joordan. Looking Forward to learn Something new from Professor Steve Joordan.
Very informative and good to hear that you're not alone. I feel more capable of handling my environment, as well as my children and the other families that i work with. Some really great strategies for dealing with stress and anxiety. Thank you.
An amazing course and exactly what I needed at this time.  His voice and demeanor is so relaxing and comforting!  I asked a question and he responded!  I plan to use all his techniques!  Highly recommend and hope he does more courses like this!
This course has exposed me to the techniques of mind control, especially during times like these. Thank you so much professor for providing this platform to learn what is happening within us as an effect of Covid-19 and how to deal with it.
Very few people in the world stand out not by becoming famous but by helping others to learn and cope with the changing worldI thank all who have taken efforts to explain us the things which are present in the world but we tend to ignore.
Great course. Much needed for a time we are in. During these difficult times we have to stay together and stay strong to overcome this pandemic, I hope a lot a people benefit from this course and I wish everyone good health and happiness.
This is course is practical on how to manage anxiety during COVID-19. After finishing the course, I felt empowered to manage my thoughts and emotion during this pandemic. I suggest this course to everyone even to non-psychology graduates.
I am truly grateful and satisfied for taking this course. Really very well explained with precise information and very necessary to put it into practice. It also motivates to continue learning and grow professionally. Thank you very much
.This course is fit for todays concerns dealing with COVID 19. It is always a plus to instill positive reinforcements to situations as they arise so that they know they are not alone in a matter such as this. Good job with the course.
This is the best course I have ever seen on Coursera, especially at post-Covid-19 period of time. I want to recommend  this course for all who want understand how to deal with the problems of mental health during hard epidemic times.
the course was really helpfull because at the current senario we  all be very anxious becausse of the covid but by doing this course i have studied how to overcome the anxity. thank you for putting this course and stay home stay safe
I hope everyone is doing okay! The course is very insightful. The topics were carefully and simply taught by Prof. Joordens. It's easy to understand and has helped a lot in understanding how our minds work esp during this pandemic.
My experience was quite good. As a Pharmacy student, I had interests in Psychology.So, right now , I have completed a course on this. Feeling very good.Thank you so much ,, Mentor for helping me in this course.Again , Thank you !!
This was a short but meaty course about practical ways on managing our mental health during this pandemic. Prof. Joordens was calm, friendly, and engaging. I absolutely enjoyed his lectures. Thank you for this much-needed course.
Very helpful in gaining perspective during this stressful time we're at right now. It reminds me that I am not alone in my worries and that we are all in this together. Kept me hopeful that we will also get through this together.
Absolutely loved this course! I wish i had found it earlier, but still I am thankful I got this now. This course gave me so much positive energy also Professor Steve, you are amazing and you teach very well and in easy language.
Hi, It's the first time that I pay for an online certification, and it was a really great training ! I just would like to have more information about stress (corstisol, adrenaline...) Thank you and see you next time !Christophe
This course has lots of information which I really wanted to have as educator for children. It helps myself and students who are facing this pandemic. I would like to share what I learn here to my students.  Thank you so much!
This course provides useful information for managing anxiety especially now during COVID19, through simple strategies with examples and even a simple demonstration of how to do a relaxation, very practical. Thank you for this.
I feel this course was put together not only with a true interest in all of us and our current stresses but with a kind soul that value just doing the right thing... for that, my utmost appreciation to our leader of this pack.
Excellent insight in Psychology for oneself. Even though I stopped it during the beginning, I was actually doing things the instructor was saying once I resumed the course and it help for having notes for future ref, Great Job
This course exceeded my expectations. I have been looking out for courses that can help me manage my anxiety during this pandemic, and I am really happy I spent my time completing this course!Thank you for the amazing course!
Good practical information on mental and behaviorial practices during covid.  Instructor very personable, supportive and easy to understand.  Presented info and activities pertinent and helpful for everyday life.  Thank you!
The course brings a whole new concept of preparing yourself for the tough times of pandemic and the precise content not only helps you with strengthening your mind but also teaches you the need for empathy. Loved the course.
This course make me understand my life better and teach me how to deal with this coronavirus situation with some knowledge from psychology. It's very uselful to take this course. Thank you for giving resourceful information.
very nice and optimistic course which have provided an awareness and a very good supportive and relaxation during this period of hard time.Nice course every individual needs to know about this during the conditions like this
This course is very helpful for the present scenario to learn how to keep ourselves mentally calm. There are cases of Suicide as well due to panic condition. Can avoid such situations to some extend if we take care. Thankyou
it's been helpful to have a brief study and awareness of mental health especially nowadays that we have pandemic going on. I wish there will be more courses related  to whats happening around the world in different aspects.
It was fantasticIt helped me to understand the difference between anxiety and depression..Also the difference between physical distance and social distance..The importance of deep emotional conversatios Thank you very much
Thank you very much for your providing course.if IAM very happy.this courses provide a many knowledge.today our society facing in main problem is covid 19 .but when this problem solved in answer available in this courses.
I enjoyed the course quite a lot.  It got me to evaluate what was going on in my life presently.  It gave me ideas on how to improve my schedule.  I think it has lessen my anxiety by adding or subtracting to my lifestyle.
I learned many thinks from this course like that how to manage our mental health and how to be socialize in this critical situation. And the main thing that I learnt how manage our mental health as well physical health.
Great! This course was very helpful in my work as a school physician, many of my clients (teaching and non-teaching staff) have been asking me about coping mechanisms and management of stress brough about by covid-19.
Thanks to the professor! Incredible experience and it helped me so much with my anxiety and to understand so many things that now are so helpful. Lots of greetings from South America (Chile), take care and stay safe!
The lecture on Mind Control: Managing Your Mental Health during COVID-19 by Professor Steve Joordens is very rich and educative. I enjoyed every bit of the lecture because it is quite relatable and impactful. Thanks!
This course is really very helpful for all of us because as this moment we all are struggle and have some anxiety and stress due to COVID-19. This course will help me to control my stress and anxiety due to COVID-19
It had such a positive impact on me. Thank you so much Dr. Steve Joordens for sharing all your thoughts about mind control. This will be very helpful to me and for sure the beach is going to be my favorite word too.
thank you for this very useful course which Professor Steve made  so pleasant and smooth.I can gauge my self ,before and after the course,to observe myself a better human being.Thank you Professor Steve & Coursera.
I am very much relaxed after attending this online course. It is really beneficial for all of us who are not able to give a right direction or structure to our mind and body during this COVID-19 lockdown situation.
Very simple, easy to understand course with helpful hints on how to manage your anxiety and mental health during this COVID-19 crisis!.  Thank you very much to Steve Joordens, for taking the time to help everyone!
Thank you Coursera I have really learnt something valuable that will help me in my education; future career; life in general. I also discovered something about myself that I did not know I have before this course.
This is very helpful course. It helped me to understend influens of isolation on mental Health. Also to understand how important is social contact with family members, friends and people who live alone. Thank You.
The course helped me to analyze my behavior and attitude towards my life during the epidemic of Kovid 19. I will share this information with my friends. Thank You very much for your course! With love from Russia!
This course really helps me to manage my mind and mental during isolation of COVID-19. Also big thanks to Professor Steve Joordens who explained the topics in a good and simple way, the course was understandable
It is so important to feel well specially in this period of isolation, as Steve says...It is just Physical isolation not Social isolation...so contact to others, specially with the people you think they needed..
I liked the purpose of this course and also its dedication to the staff working behind scenes at these difficult times. Thanks Steve. Lot of it I could relate to myself and my my family life. Pretty useful tips.
Excellent course! Loved how the professor explained each topic. Felt really identified with the chapter about social isolation..really important points. Would definitely take another course with this professor!
This is a very important course at the right time to fight COVID 19 anxiety and this has helped me to talk to people around to stay positive and also to promote physical distancing rather than social distancing
I am a health care provider, and I recommended this course to my fellow nurses. I thought that the suggestions were very applicable, and I appreciated the psychological rationale behind each lesson. Thank you!
Excellent course! I learned a lot of strategies to help myself when having anxiety. I sincerely recommend it for someone who is willing to understand better what anxiety is and some things you can do about it.
I enjoyed this Professor.  Soothing voice, informative, and spoke in a clear understandable way.. I will definitely  use the tools I gained from this course for the rest of my life. Beach, beach, beach, beach.
It was a nice opportunity for me to be a part of this program. I have learned a lot from this program. I also suggest each one of you to do this course on mental health during this pandemic period. Thank you
The course is very helpful specially in times like this. The lectures are very well delivered and understandable. It helped me to relax my mind and my body. I appreciate Steve Joordans in having this course.
Practical, succinct, empathetic. Science-based, intellectual but not overly-academic. I connect with the speaker's style very much. Hope to take another course by Professor Joordens soon. Thank you so much!
Very useful course taught in the required essential Pandemic time.The comparison between the things is very well done by the Professor. Learnt a lot of useful things of getting through these difficult times
I want to thank the Professor for sharing his knowledge for free during these difficult times. I learned a couple of unexpected things I can relate to as a long time patient of psychotherapy. God bless you.
Great presentations and power point.  Contained a lot of practical information for keeping anxiety in check.  The presenter is clear and easily understood.  I found this to be a useful and enjoyable course.
I'm so glad to have this course during this though time and Professor Joordens is an amazing teacher. Everyone should get this course, I highly recommend it. Thank you for this wonderful course Professor!
This was a very enjoyable course. Prof,  joordens was very exciting to watch and listen too. You can tell he really enjoys teaching. I absolutely enjoyed taking this course. Stay safe and healthy everyone
Amazing course! Helped a lot. I wish I saw this a little bit earlier, but here in Brazil we are still dealing with a bad situation. It was good to think about everything the teacher proposed. Big fan.
It's very practical and to the point, the strategies taught are very useful. I liked the little insights into psycology that explain the reasosn of anxiety, depression and consecuences of isolation.
The topic is discussed in a very understandable manner. Plus the guided relaxation really helps a lot! Basically, we need balance between crowding out and crafted structure. Thank you, Prof. Steve!
Excellent! It helped me a lot identifying some bad habits that were harming my daily life and now with the recommendations given I can take a different course of acction within my daily routines.
Great course, the professor really know what he is talking about and even with limited resources he managed to put together a great course that helped me a lot. Hope to get more courses with him
Thank you for this course, I learned valuable skills for life and it really helped me and my family to cope with this hard times. Professor Joordens definitely did something with a great impact!
This course helped me figure out why I was feeling the way I am.  I now have some tools to readjust my reactions and take control of my actions and reactions in this difficult time.  Thank you.
A very informative, comprehensive and relevant course in the present scenario I have benefitted immensely from this exposure  I will share the information with my family, friends and students
Professor is knowledgeable and gives some nice points to control anxiety. It is amazing what the guided relaxation can do for you! I also think a schedule helps to give purpose to a long day.
I want to continue this course after week 1.Kindly unlock.I had missed the deadline due to certain issues.Now it is showing"Reset your deadline".I will greatly appreciate the same.Thank you.
I learnt how important it is to be healthy mentally during tough times like these .  I learnt various activities which I could  practice to keep myself calm and collected and be levelheaded.
Really really awesome course. "Soft" topic, but full of deep knowledge and really useful tips and tricks to share throughout the communities. Thank you so for putting this course together!
Extremely useful!! I am having a hard time during this time of uncertainty. My anxiety has been extremely bad and I found this course helpful and I am looking forward to using these tools.
I learned a lot of things in this course and it really helped me understand what I was feeling. Maraming Salamat (Filipino word for Thank you) to Prof. Steve for this wonderful lecture.
I really found the course very helpful since it addresses very important issues about the emotional state that is being experienced and how to face it in an appropriate and optimal way.
Amazing course. The professor is amazing - he knows how to talk about it in an easy and knowledgeable way.  It helped me a lot in relation to my anxiety. I highly recommend this course.
Ithink this course help us as a guide to manage this situation, because many people does not know how to deal whit this, but like all, this require practice, I live this cuorse a lot!!!
Helped stay mentally fit during this crisis . Taught me maximize physical distancing and strengthen social connection which will help us to be physically as well as mentally healthy.
It's very good things for me in this pandemic situation cause i learn many techniques for remove anxiety and to be happy.... so thanks to dear professor for his valuable instruction.
This is a very useful course not only during the COVID-19 pandemic, but also for the day to day life. The professor's  style of presenting and speaking was really friendly and clear.
Very easy to understand with daily life concepts you can touch on. For every teach concepts you can quickly attach your daily life and further customize it to match your life style.
In this pandemic situation,  we must learn how to keep our mind in control and anxiety free.  So anyone who are suffering from anxiety problem can go throgh this course. Best wishes
I am so grateful for this platform. The course is very informative. The way Prof. Joordens. taught was so good. It was easily understandable. It helped me a lot. Thank you so much!
i enjoyed this course, i needed it badly, during this difficult time.  Only thing is your email is covered by your face in the summary, just thought i would mention that,  loved it
its just awesome for me to overcome the anxiety of covid 19. In this time, i feel peace in my mind fully and know the steps to keep ourself physically distant not socially distance
Very valuable and timely information. Instructor was knowledgeable and calming and was able to present info in a way all learners, regardless of ability, would be able to benefit.
Simple yet effective. The instructor has done a commendable job to enlighten the course-takers with what can be done. More importantly, instilling hope. Great course! Thank You :)
This is definitely one of the most important courses that I needed right now. I am hopeful to be able to apply and practice all the things I have learned even after this pandemic.
Awesome course ,helped me not only with understanding anxiety during Covid but also social anxiety and depression in general terms. Thanks a lot for such an informative course!!
The course gives me information about most important thing I.e. anxiety management and stress management.I am glad that I got a chance to learn from an experienced professional.
I really enjoy it, I fully recommend it, for every one, who wants to keep his mind in shape !!!!Thanks a lot, Steve (first name, cause I feel like a friend to you Mr Joordens).
This is by far my favorite course on Coursera. I recommend it to everybody, it's very informative and I would like to thank everybody who took part in creating it! Thank you!
Great presentation, all clear and understandable. Impressive that teacher made every video clip in just one take. That shows that he knows perfectly what he is talking about.
really an amazing course helping us to be socially more interactive with deeper meaningful conversations making benefit out of the isolation managing the anxiety like a pro.
It is really useful and learning how to balance and stressfree. The exercise was also easy and relaxing . This course helps me to learn more about COVID 19 and it's worth it
Great course to learn about anxiety and how to cope in a very difficult situation during this pandemic but also for people who live very isolated for other reasons as well.
With this course I recognised that now we are experiencing physical distance and social closeness than ever  thank you very much professor for such a wonderful experience
This course enable me to be aware of myself and  to understand the source of my anxiety as well as how to recognize when its happening and what i can do to take control.
Honestly, this is the first course I take that is not related to my field of expertise and line of work. This course was beneficial for the human me! Highly recommended.
Very useful n excellent information and inputs given  by the instructor. The course is truely designed to meet the requirements of the pandemic situation prevailing now.
An excellent course about mental health specially in this pandemic time. This course provides useful strategies to help me better manage and cope during this hard times.
It was a wonderful course which was required during unprecedented covid19 influenced lock down wherein anxiety,stress was to be bursted out with calmness and relaxation.
This course was very eye opening, and I will definitely use it for future circumstances, as well as projects for Phi Theta Kappa!Thank you very much Professor Joordens!
It was a great experience to learn from Prof.  Steve Joordens and go to know many tips and tricks that we could follow during a pandemic situation like this. Thank you.
It was exceptionally good and through this course, I was able to gain an insight on mental health and mind control which is b=very much essential during this pandemic.
THIS HAS BEEN A WONDERFUL COURSE, THAT MADE ME TO ANALYSE AND UNDERSTAND THAT DURING EVERY CRISIS WE HAVE TO BE CALM AND QUIET AND TRY TO SOLVE OR HANDLE THOSE CRISIS.
I like to learn more things form it it is very usefull to the students keep going in these way and make as your 's possible ways many to help the students in these way
This course was really useful and yeah i can control my anxiety. special thanks to Prof; Steve Joordens for teaching about mental health. it was really a useful one.
Honestly Professor Steve Joordens is the best.I just wish this course was longer since I really liked it. I hope I can attend more courses by Prof. in the future :)
Professor Joordens is such a wonderful and caring professor! Thank you for this course and for helping us learn ways to cope during these scary and uncertain times.
This is most helpful course in this pandemic situation. Thank you very much for managing this course. I am also proud of my course leader. you are most welcome sir.
Thank you prof Joordens! This course has helped me understand the importance of staying relaxed and knowing how to return to that relaxed state when I am stressed.
Excellent Professor.   He was intelligent, enthusiastic, and empathetic.  He had very sound and practical suggestions about managing mental health during COVID-19.
My favourite part about the course was how he included practical steps we could take to reduce our anxiety, and took the time to explain the mechanisms behind it.
It was an amazing and informative course during this pandemic time I got many things to learn in this course So Thank you Sir for an informative session with you.
Professor is knowledgeable,calm and appreciated everyone helped him during preparations.He humble to ask participant to add information to this course .Love you!
Excellent course, made by an excellent professor to gives a lot of really useful knowledge accompanied with practical abilities to deal with anxiety and stress.
I loved this very much and was informative...I want  to complete more courses in this ...Thank you Coursera and SNM Training College for this Golden opportunity
It is a wonderful course & I enjoyed it. Really very interesting. Got valuable tips to control anxiety during these pandemic days and in the similar situations.
Great course for learning how to deal with anxiety. The clear explanations really help to change the way you frame certain mental responses to what's happening.
excellent course, the professor has a great ability to explain everything in a very simple way for everyone to understand all the terms. Enjoyed it very much!
It is very useful topic for this pandemic situation..i got many information regading covid19 too..specially thankyou for relaxing my mind through this topic.
This course has been really helpful and now I am quite able to manage myself by controlling the mind .Thank you, professor and Coursera for this opportunity.
course is good but the sound is very low please increase the sound of video. It helped me a lot to how to handle my mental situation of fucking corona virus.
Excellent course!  Helpful information and guidelines as to how to be in control and taking control  of  anxiety and redirecting towards a positive  outcome.
Course was amazing. I can not describe what I am feeling now. This course is very helpful for these unusual times; it is helpful for future too. Thanks Sir!
This was really a good initiative by Prof. Steve Joordens which we all needed during this crisis moment to recover ourselves from such a pandemic situation.
This course has been super helpful and offered applicable measures to reduce stress about corona. Wishing the professor and his family health and happiness
This was a great, fun course, with lots of practical tools and interesting psychology to help manage my own response at this challenging time.  Thank you!
It was really useful course during the social isolation and it taught us how to control our mind and how to relax during this pandemic lockdown condition.
This course is very much helpful and interesting for handling this borring situation. And I learn many things from this course. A big thank you to Steeve.
It was a great course. It teaches how to manage stress and anxiety what to do and what not to do. The course helps us to know what is happening inside us.
this course was really helpful to me as i understood the concept of anxiety and depression better than before thankyou for building such a great platform
ITS A GOOD COURSE TO OVERCOME ANXIETY DURING THIS CRISIS TIME WHERE EVERYTHING IS AT THE RISK SUCH AS FINANCIAL, WORK AND MENTAL HEALTH. THANK YOU STEVE.
Easy to understand, very straight forward and you can tell that the teacher cares about the student and wants us all to be better. Very much recommended!
A good course which explain the  techniques of mind control  in simple terms applicable on different situations especially on the time of this pandemic.
This is a fantastic course and very much encouraging lectures by the Professor. I really like the course and will try to follow the lessons in my life.
It was a woderful course.Though we know some of it already, connecting all of it in one place and understanding how to be in control is something cool.
This course helped me to know more about corona virus and covid 19. It provide lots of information that we should take during this pandemic situation.
I am very thankful because I learned a lot in this course especially in how I manage my anxiety during this pandemic. Thank you, Prof. Steve Joordens!
I've learned a lot from this course. Literally this course is helpfull to manage anxiety during this covid 19 terrific situation. Thank you Professor.
Very well spoken by Mr.Steve. Extremely influential in this hard times of Pandemic. Special thanks to Coursera team for this wonderful opportunity...
Professor Jordan, really did a good job teaching this  course. You can tell he cares about people and it shows through his teaching style. Great job.
Great course, the professor is really nice and love the tone of the course, very easy to understand and great tools to implement in your daily life.
I'm glad and very grateful that I came across this course. Guided relaxation is now my go-to way to ease anxiety and it has helped 100% of the time.
Great course with some awesome tips for managing your anxiety during COVID but that can certainly transfer to 'normal' life, whenever that resumes!
It's really a good course.expecilly for the curent situation .this course is help me to reduce my anxiety.iam higly recommented this course to all.
Perfect timing with great information during this time.  I truly enjoyed and learned some new items to assist with my anxiety.  Thank you so much!
Helpful tips to manage anxiety during this time. Will definitely put to practice some of those tips. (ie: taking more Coursera classes) Thank you!
He was able to tackle the subject matter in a very light but precise way.  That simple exercise in relieving stress is such relaxing.  Keep it up!
I love this course, simple and so useful. You can practice the exercises on daily basis and see how  you get results in every aspect of your life.
i love this coure. thank you so much for make this course, the topic make me open minded about how to managing our mental health during covid-19.
This is an amazing course. It helped me immensely to a point i took it all in one go.  Professor Steve is an exceptional lecturer! Thank you sir.
Well guided course to deal with covid times. Instructor Steve has been wonderful in giving practical inputs to manage the crisis constructively.
Very helpful for my Mental Health! Great Course...Feeling bursting out with positivity in my day-to-day life after practicing guided relaxation.
This helped me so much to learn how control my anxiety. I've been home since march so I needed something to relax and to help me control myself
This course is really essential one during this present situation. I am really grateful that I was able to successfully complete it. Thank you.
cool and simple way to explain things,learned much knowledge and skill to control anxiety.Steve Joordens made it so easy to learn.Thanks Steve.
This course is very helpful. Topics are discussed in an understandable manner and activities are practical and easy to do.  Thank you Coursera!
This course helped me to understand a lot the current situation with quarantine, Thank you very much to the instructor and to the university.
A well constructed course. It helps to control our anxiety level and maintain mental calmness in any situation.Thank you for this course sir.
Incredible course, should have take it earlier on. To cope with fear and anxiety, we need to first know what it is, and this courses did it!
Great course, I thought it will be boring, but I had a lot of fun, and I learned (and still practicing) to relax. I recommend this course !.
This is a great course for professors trying to help students with anxiety and other issues during the lockdowns. Thank you for the effort!
This course is very helpful to maintal control .This course tales that how to mind control this course is very useful in pandamic condition
I learnt a lot from this course. Thank you for teaching so many valuable things. I selected this course as I'm in interested in pyschology
Very interesting course..made me feel very positive.  It pointed out where we have to correct is and It made me to realize my inner beauty
The book ´´Mindfulness´´, by Mark Williams fits very well in this course, and it would be nice to talk about its content in future videos.
This course provide us a lot for the knowledge about mental health and the tools to help us go through these times of physical distancing
it was a very informative class, special thanks to sir steve jooedens, because his positive attitude itself gives me a kind  of happiness
This course is so helpful to everyone during this time. I absolutely loved it. The interactions, exercises and examples were perfect too.
great course it helped me in getting an insight into physical and not "social distancing" and i have to say guided relaxation is awesome.
Very informative. Thanks for teaching us so many good and valid points. Really happy to attend this. Hope to see more courses like this.
This course was useful in understanding about how one should control their mind and keep a good mental health. Thank you for the course.
This course is very helpful and is precisely what I needed at the moment. "I am not a victim, I am a warrior."Thank you Prof. Joordens!
Personally, I feel he covered all the relevant topics for the currently unprecedented situations and I'm happy that I was a part of it.
Best course  I have ever attended till now related , how to manage anxiety,depression and how to use free time with family and friends.
Its pretty nice to learn on how we can control our mind and our anxiety by diverting our attention to something that can make us happy.
Overall this was a very good course that was especially made during these pandemic times and on what we all humans are going through..
i really like this course. Instructor's way of teaching is so  good. He explains everything so well. I really  learnt a lot Thank you.
This course is about simple things that we can do to reduce our anxiety and escape from being at the Depression state. Thank you, sir.
Helpful my awareness of own control. So I am so glad to know mind change thing.this coursera course sponsorer such a wonderful things.
informative course related to mental health releasing stress and anxiety also helpful in maintaining social distances and strenghting
This course is well constructed and provides excellent tools to manage and overcome anxiety issues during this pandemic. Thanks Steve
I really loved and learned to control my mind during COVID-19. Hats off to my dear Prof. Steve Joordens. Love you and miss you, sir.
Yeah! I learnt how to control our mind and depression during in this covid issue..which every person needed that how to control it..
This is my first course on Coursera..I'm glad to have a course and a course teacher like this Thank you for your hard work GOD Bless
Excellent and useful course which helps us to learn concepts of Psychology during Covid 19. Thanks to Dr. Steve for such concoction.
It was an amazing experience of mine in coursera so learnt about how we can manage  our health in this pandemic situation Thank you
This course is brief but concise and very helpful in the present situation.  I will recommend this course to my family and friends.
I found this course very helpful and will be using the pointers in my everyday life to manage my anxiety levels. Highly recommend.
The course was informative and went at a very good pace. Steve talks clearly and keeps you engaged as you go through the material.
How to Manage Your Consumption 2.2 The Critical Art of Mental Distraction to Crowd Out Stressors 2.3 How We Think About Physical .
The sessions were very informative and need of the hour. The mental strength can make miracles in overcoming the fear of COVID-19
Course was exceptionally perfect for the current scenario and made me help to push through my limits rather than doubting myself.
It is an excellent course which helps me to calm down and relax mentally and physically in this crisis situation.Thanks Coursera
it is very helpful course, it benefited me so much and I enjoyed it. Thank you so much for valuable information and the efforts.
This very short course is empowering and reflective of our mental health and provides means of coping with the current pandemic.
Very helpful information, most of it was simple and down to earth, but really good nonetheless. Thank you University Of Toronto!
I very much enjoyed the course and Professor Joordens calm demeanor and knowledge.  I would gladly take another course with him.
Really helpful and practical tips! I like that it doesn't diminish our struggles in any way, just help us manage it. Thank you!
Very  interesting,  it enriches my well-being. Thank You Professor Steve Joordens, you did a great  job.  God  bless you always
I have completed this course but i didn’t receive my certificate waiting for your swift response thank you.Dr Imran FazilMD PhD
This course is really helpful for this isolation and also for any situation when you feel low in life and starts being anxious.
A course you did not know you required until you did it! It has a pragmatic approach to current COVID-19 scenario. Very useful.
This is the amazing course of the how to control our mind during this pendamic situation of the COVID-19 THANK YOU TO GUIDECME
Much thanks , the course was interesting and engaging. I find your approche to teaching such complicated notions is admirable.
It was really helpful for me as i face a lot of stress and anxiety issues. Got some really good tips on relaxation. Thank you!
The course help me learn about depression and anxiety. This course also focused on the reducing stress and being mindfulness.
It the best course according to me in this pandemic situtation . Optimistic thoughts have been shared through this course ...
The way the professor has explained this course is awesome. I wish to be like him someday, utilizing my time to help others.
Hi sir        Thank you very much for the wonderful course. The information you provided are relevant to correct situation.
It was a wonder full effort to educate about mental health during COVID 19, Thanks for the valuable and useful information.
I very much enjoyed the organic aspects of content as well as delivery method and moderator.Thank you for this great course
This course saved my quarantine. Thank you very much, Professor, for your ability to take care of other's emotional health!
The course was very helpful as I may able to apply it to myself, to my family, friends and to the community where I served.
Superb! Thank you Professor Steve for your insight on how to maintain an even keel during this difficult time. Well done!!
Excellent advice and good management of the topic! I learn a lot and I will recommend this course to my friends! Thanks...
much need of an hour , beautifully explained , wonderful tools given , special thanks for progressive relaxation technique
Thanks. It was an effective course and i learned a lot of inputs to stay remain calm, relax during the time of isolation.
This course has really helped me cope up with anxiety and I'm trying to prioritize my goals and reorient my mental health
It was really helpful Sir sharing your best knowledge during this times and help us able to adopt to best possible ways.
This course explains how to manage anxiety in a very comprehensive way that can be understood and adopted by everybody.
Very informative and organic course. Helping many of us to control anxiety at such time. Great course to manage anxiety
It's a great course. I am thankful to Professor Steve. This course help me a lot to get rid of my anxiety at this time.
Excelent course! Steven brings knowledge about anxiety and how to manage it in a very empathic way. Highly recommended!
This is a great course that can help someone manage stress with handon skills on exactly what to do..it worked for me.
Excellent one👍....This course will be a great opportunity to learn and apply things especially during such a  crisis.
I loved this topic of how to manage stress in the age of COVID-19. I will use the methods I have learned  here daily.
These courses help me a lot to enhance my knowlegde.This course enhance my knowlegde about Covid-19 in very good way.
this course is beneficial for me as it helps me to gain knowledge how to maintain our mental health in this pandemic.
I  found it really very effective. As this is  very important in stress management during this pandemic of COVID 19.
It was an amazing course. Thanks teacher for all that you try to learn us. Best Regard. Laura Saenz from Costa Rica.
I am so much happy to take a chance to complete this course.Thank you so much again to all authority of this course.
This is the "real deal" i think, to manage my perspective during this situation. Thank you very much for the course.
It is a very good session. I realize that how to manage our mind in covid 19 time..stay control mind without stress
It was really helpful and  enable me to intensively understand psychological effects concerning COVID-19. THANK YOU
Prof. Joordens is a wonderful speaker. He  presented the course in a very  succinct, organized, and enjoyable way.
Very nice...and helpful course...being for relaxation and...losing depression al well..and managing our anxiety 🌸
This course really provide us knowledge and technique to relax, which we need the most during this period of time.
Its very Useful!! Still I didn't Receive Certificate!! Plz help Me to Found Certificate for the course Completion
It was a fantastic course during this tough time... coz this covid 19 have affected everyone one any other ways.
Relevant and useful course, with excellent delivery! Will actively seek other courses offered by Steve Joordens.
This course is realy very usefull for handling this kind of covid 19 situvation.  Thank you for this opportunity
great course that would really help you to deal with everything that is happing right now or any future pandamic
its very helpful and rich content. it give guide and mindfulness in managing your mental health during covid-19.
Super relevant (the presentation was very contextual--nice headset). Learned some new tools that are shareable!
It was a nice experience and made a positive thinking about mental and physical health to fight against covid19
It was a wonderful experience learning all new things in a pandemic situation... all the Best to the Organisers
An incredible teacher Mr. Joorden, hope you can give to this community more courses about mental health please
Very well course content. Lot of small things we can change in ourselves and help each other in COVID-19 time.
Very easy to follow and relatable to the current pandemic.  Transferrable to other aspect of life.  Thank you!
Am so excited to be part of this course.  In fact this course has been very helpful and I have learned a lot.
It is a very informative course. I enjoy watching it every week for the last three weeks. I recommended it .
This course offered a lot of good ideas on managing anxiety during covid 19 as well as the rest of the time.
I m feeling good and relaxed after completing this course..Literally this course has felt me good.Superb 👍
Its quit useful, practical and easy way of controlling the mind health during lock-down period of Covid-19.
It is very uselful course for people during this pandemic situation.I learned lot of things in this course.
Best course that really helped me alot in this situation and enhanced my mental well being for future too.
This course is an interesting Course, it helps to manage Anxiety that is our physical and emotional threat
This course is really awesome.It is very useful in this covid situation.Thank you Steve Joordens sir 😊😊
Thank you for helping me menage my mental health during this time of Pandemic. I'm great full to Corsera.
it is a really helpful course to know how to manage your anxiety during thus crucial self isolation times
Very good perspective on isolation and anxiety management, and great down to earth tips to overcome both.
This course helped me not only in this time of social isolation, but also gave me guidance when I retire!
It was really a helpful course. I kinda learn how to calm my mind during lockdown now.Thanks to Professo.
It was easy to understand and helpful for me Definately will be recommending to my friends and colleagues
It's was really fruitful.As in such negativity through world ,such positivity was essential.Enjoyed it!
A quick and great session to overcome the stress and anxiety in the condition of isolation and lockdown
It was a fruitful course by which I could learn so much about handling Covid Crisis. Thank you so much.
Very nicely explained. Mind control, utilizing time, helping others..... all the topics are very nice.
It is a great course por people with anxiety because of covid. It's basic, but it is a good beginning.
It was a lovely course, learnt a lot from this about mental health and how to deal with it.Thank you.
It was a nice experience to work on something related to mental health. This is the need of the hour.
its motivate us how to overcome that pandemic situation and how important mental health is as well as
Liked it very much, helps a lot to lead with the actual isolation, thank you, Anja Pratschke, IAU-USP
Amazing!! Really helpful for Covid times! Excellent instructor that was friendly, clear, and concise.
It was an awesome experience.it was fruit full too... thankyou so much for such a informative session
No additional comment..Its full package of learning. I am extremely happy for this Pandemic situation
I have learned many new things about anxiety.During this pandemic situation it's very useful to me.
Thank you, this course is great. I am really thankful for taking this time to learn in this course.
This course is amazing. Well structured, explained and easy to understand. Looking forward to more.
Nice! very short but straight to the point! I hope you can develop a deeper one (part 2 probably).
Thank you for your course. I love it. I think I can adapt the knowledge to any problem in my life.
I have learnt a lot and change by point of view in a positive way during this hard time.Thank you.
A very helpful and timely crashcourse of what's happening right now in terms of our mental health.
Great course. I have completed all the videos and tests, however, it is not recorded as completed.
excellent topic and learnt the subject amid relaxed surrondings at a leisurely pace . thank you .
This is graet oppotunity for us to learn new things and make ourselves valuble...thanks for that.
these session were very informing and learned lots of new information. Thank you for your time :)
Fantastic course and so very helpful! I really appreciate the examples and dedication. Thank you!
very full filling in a time of need, Thank you very much for your time in putting these together
Such a great speaker and I never knew that I could learn so much in such a short period of time!
This helps me to reduce my depression and mind pressure and thank you very much for this session
The course provide more knowlegde about mind control.Gain much informations regarding the same .
It was very useful for me..helped a lotthank you University of Toronto n=for such an oppertunity
Thanks from the bottom of my heart to Professor Steve Jorrdens. My anxiety is now under control.
It's great to learn  the tricks of the mind control to get through this tough time, very useful.
Very Informative.  It was very helpful especially with all the craziness going on in the world.
I absolutely loved doing the course. It was very interesting and I learnt a lot of new things..
Great course! Very practice, with mnay ideas for our life and the situation everyone is living.
Great tips, tricks and information to having better mental health during these uncertain times!
The sessions were really helpful ....thanku for all the beautiful  thoughts you shared with us
the way you explain all the detail with the exercise is osom and very helpful for me.thank you
In this pandemic time, this course very helps to me for learning more precautions to be taken.
it's a good course to know how to conduct and control or manage mental health during COVID-19
It is a good source which helps us to get more encouragement and to have more in intellectual
This is very helpfull in the situation of crisis that to controll our mind without any stress
The course is very insightful.The topics were carefully and simple taught by prof. Joordens.
A great course of understanding in dire conditions. I hope Professor makes more videos on it
very helpful in fighting your anxiety not just in covid-19 but also in your throughout life.
Amazing course, and lovely way of delivering information! I really enjoy watching the videos
It was very inspirational as well as helpful to me in managing my mental health and anxiety.
I request to all the people do these courses such as awesome and knowledge gaining platform
Very informative and useful session during this Pandamic period, Everyone should watch this
Awesome course Prof. Steve JordensRegards,Dr Mangesh Shenoy P.drmangeshshenoy@nitte.edu.in
I’m really thankful of this course, it has definately helped me a lot! Thank you very much
This is a good course to improve our mental power. It help to fight in critical situation.
thank you! after this course, I've chosen another from Toronto University! super lecturer!
Wonderful, I loved the development of the course. It is motivating, thank you very much...
an immensely important and relevant course in such times. engaging talk by the professor.
One of the best course. Very good experience. I learn many important topics... thanks....
This is my first experience in learning something like that. Thanks for the great course!
Your courses this  period is very use full  for this  course  tq so much  for your course
Very helpful specially this time of pandemic. Thankyousomuch sir! Keepsafe and Godbless.
It's very helpful for me to manage my mind. Thank you so much for providing this course.
beautiful explanation by prof. Steve Joordens. loved it and will definitely practice it.
if the exercise for anxiety control will be practically shown it will be more effective.
Excellent and very relevant for current uncertain times. Thank you, Steve. Best regards.
Got some knowledge. It was a wonderful experience enjoyed a lot.Loved the presentation..
Excellent course, it helped a lot to cope up with my anxiety that was driving me crazy.
it was really helpful, informative and well explained. learnt a lot. thank you so much.
This has really helped me understand a lot better on how to utilize periods like this.
Very interesting, constructive advice, useful tips, thoughtfully presented. Thank you.
this course gave me some good ideas for dealing with this situation especially anixity
wonderful course, and practical too. Thank you so much for bringing this on coursera!
it was really informative to me and a learned a lot ... i m really thank full for you
That's amazing. Thank you professor for your so captivating data's about mind control
its a very good course that will teach how to deal with others in this situation 👏🏻
It's very useful. Understand our body and do things that help us manage this moment.
Thank you Coursera for giving chance to knowing more about covid 19 and mind control
It's just so good to listen to this professor, too much of positive vibes! Love him!
Very good, please join the course to Handel your good mental health in any condition
This course is very useful to everyone..One can learn how to reduce stress from life
MORE POSITIVE VIBES AND USEFUL INFORMATION HOW TO CONTROL MIND DURINIG THIS COVID 19
I really loved this course!!! It helped me so much! Thank you very much, professor!
Very helpful course. Good information presented by an encouraging, likable teacher.
Helped me a lot with understanding the situation and managing my current lifestyle.
It's a good play form to study about metal health management during this covid time
It was really something helpful to become more knowledgeable regarding mind control
Informative, helpful, thought-provoking... Compliments to professor Steve Joordens!
Corona virus is a big problem in the world  but we overcome the crusial situation.
It really helped me a lot to view and control my mental health during this crises.
Really helpful and uplifting. Hits major points that are doable. Love this course!
This course gave me knowledge and mental peace. Everybody should take this course!
Really enjoyed this course.  Got several take a ways that I intended to use daily.
It was very knowledgeable, I learned new skills and concepts. Thank you Professor!
I am really glad that I enrolled myself in this course. This will really help me.
Thank you it help to know about health condition and how to manage the conditions
Thanks for sharing the fruitful information and tops to maintain mental health. I
The professor has done a tremendous job really love the way he taught the course.
This course is very beneficial is my study and learning for my activity thank you
The course is very helpful to deal with all the problems during covid19 pandemic
The guided relaxation audion helps me so much every day! Thanks! I learnt a lot.
Great stuff! Helpful for dealing with anxiety in both COVID and non-COVID times.
It was a nice class, and  i learned how to control our mind during anxious state
it's amazing and mind-blowing and very helpful in this COVD19 type of situation.
This online course is very timely and I enjoyed all the features in this course!
Very good course. I learned very important things in this course.. Thank you..!!
its very nice ....what ever to do in quartine it's very useful to our mind relax
It was one of the best courses related to Mental Health in the Covid-19 context.
this course was good in sense to manage oneself during the critical situations.
This course is very effective. And the content by the instructor was very clear
It was very helpful. I loved the professor. He explained everything very nicely
It was very useful and I learnt how to control my mind and adapt the situation
Great experience . Acquire lot of knowledge about mental and physical strength
GOOD CONTENT TOPICS WERE EXPLAIN NICELY I LIKED IT VERY MUCH IT WAS INTRESTING
A very much needed course in the depressed and tough era we are going through.
Everyone should study this once. It will helps your entire life of any trouble
Very good course , informative , so many techniques to learn  to manage stress
The course was awesome and faculty was also good .. I just loved this course.
The Speaker is great and the lesson is indeed helpful.Thanking him very much!
This course contains really helpful advice. Thanks for this, Professor Steve!
This course is very helpful way of coping the pandemic. Kudos to the speaker!
This is very helpful to keep your mind relax during these covid-19 situation.
It's anice experience and learn about how to mind control in during covid 19.
I enjoyed very  much this course. A very big :'Thank you' to  the Professor.
It was a really great course, especially for beginners. I really enjoyed it.
This is indeed a very inspirational course to control our anger and anxiety.
I learn many things that help us to improve our mental health and fell relax
The course is simple and informative and presented beautifully by  Dr Steve.
Thank you very much! This is an exceptional course, everyone should take it!
This course is very helpful. And it will help us in this Pandemic situation.
IN COVID TIME ITS REALLY HELPFUL TO THE WORLD.I REGREATFUL TO COURSERA....!
great course i ever attended. best presentation , Thank you Mr. Steeve Sir.
It was amazing experience learning with coursera. It is very professional.
thank you so much professor it help lot to stay positive during this time
It's really wonderful to learns this course during this critical period..
This course is worth taking  and I really enjoyed throughout this course.
Great content but does not show completed even after watching all content
It's really useful form as a counselor especially for my school children.
very useful, in the time of the pandemic. Thank you very much, professor.
This is a great course. It covered all the basis of dealing with anxiety
IT WAS VERY HELPFUL FOR ME.Thank you sir for such an amazing initiative.
this course is so helpful to manage our mental health in this hard time.
this was a very calming and refreshing course, totally worth taking it.
Best course delivered at right time. Thanks, Coursera! Thanks, Steeve!.
Excellent course.  I will look forward for more courses like this.Merci
good course for people stuck in this pandemic. thank you for the lesson
This course really heped me see this time at a different point of view.
Extremely useful course, helps find ways to control and manage anxiety.
It's really very useful and let's make everyone be healthy and be safe.
I had a really better time learning this course. It helped me so much .
Excellent and very useful and practical for all age groups. Thank you!!
Love the approach and techniques showed in this course. Thanks so much.
really useful for me because that's make me aware about mental health
helped to make mind calm in this covid-19 pandemic, thank you so much
Great course about managing mental health during physical distancing!
He did a Great Job! Looking forward to taking other classes with him.
This course is very informative and in trashing to identify our helth
this is very helpful and informative specially this time of pandemic.
Truly relevant course with the current pandemic situation.. Thank you
This is very useful course who are feeling stress and feeling anxiety
This course is very supportive to manage mental health during COVID19
very helpful and relevant. i hope more people could take this course.
this course is so helpful and detail. thank you, prof! God bless you
Thought provoking yet very practical. I enjoyed the course very well
It provides various information about covid 19 ans it's very helpful
It helped me for understanding how to control mind to reduce anxiety
It was really a good experience for me thank you teachers for this .
It's good course for guidance in covide 19 disease & health of human
A very well explained course. Much needed in these difficult times.
We informative. great help during this pandemic! thank you so much!
this course is really helpful for fighting this pandemic situation.
General knowledge questions is so good am learning more about this.
Thank you so much for the lessons, I've learned a lot from this! <3
Great information.   I learned how to spend my time during covid19.
This is a really great course, especially in this time of pandemic
The course is very beneficial and also helps in stress management.
It's very useful and very interesting.Thank you for your guidance.
I really enjoyed taking this course. It is very helpful. Thankyou!
It’s such a very good course in this meantime. Thank you very much
I leraned a lot in this course and I´m so grateful for your help.
It was a terrific learning experience,short and crisp information
best course that help you to come out of anxiety and helplessness
Beautiful course. It's simple and comforting. Thank you for this.
I've learned a lot and it is really helpfull. Thank you so much!
The course was excellent. It taught me ways to manage my anxiety
It was extremely helpful and I do feel more secured emotionally,
This type of course is very very essential at present situation
It helps me to manage my mental health, in this time of Crisis.
It was a brief but excellent experience to have done the course
Excellent course in such pandemic situation to come out from it
Awesome. This course help you to fight against covid19 mentally
A extremely good course for the present pandemic lockdown time.
It's good course and i love it. Very easy and valuable course .
It was educative and simplified to allow adequate understanding
Mind control: it is managing our mental health during COVID-19
A very good course,,explained every topic at its excellency !!
I loved the course. Now I know how to face this time of crisis
I am very grateful for the course, for the knowledge imparted.
Very Informative course which is necessary at present scenario
Absolutely top notch and crammed with utilitarian information.
Helps to know about our mental health during these hard times.
Very informative! Enjoyed Steve's perspective on it.Thank you
very helpful course for current situation. need of the time!
Mind relaxing techniques greatly explained, Very good course
Excellent course especially during  this pandemic situation.
great course to learn how to makeup my mind during lock down
This course is really really very helpful,easy to understand
Good cource.very knowledgeable and very much helpful course
An excellent and good information avilable on the couresera
Its too useful for coping into the pandemic . Much needed.
I have learnt more about covid and inmproved my knowledge.
Vry nice techniques which can be used for overall life too
Really good and intriguing course. This really help a lot!
excellent lecture and clear understanding of every aspect
Give me certificateMy Gmail is-  azizulhoquenef@gmail.com
Excellent course about mental health during this crisis.
I have submitted assaighment when will i get certificate
It was a fast pace of 2hrs for me to complete the class.
In this time, it is a very useful course for many of us.
Very enlightening <3 Enjoyed this course wholeheartedly.
it's good education to protect our self on pandamic time
Very interesting! I learned many thing from this course!
Thoroughly enjoyed this informative and relevant class!!
very simple and appropriate course for present situation
Can i have a certification of completion for this course
Its very helpful. I learn many things from this course.
I am thankful for this valuable and informative course.
Now I can manage things in my daily life in smooth way.
I really enjoyed this course and it really helped a lot
Glad to have my certificate.The course was informative.
Made me feel relaxedExplained how to face this pandemic
Excellent course, it was very helpfullThank you so much
Very interesting and useful in this Pandemic situation.
Very helpful, thank you very much for this opportunity
Really helpful short course with practical, easy tips!
i am the student of psychology its very helpful for me
Thankyou for this course. This is very helpful for me.
Free certificateI need a free certificateOn the coures
Very useful and informative in this time .. Thank you!
the course was brief yet full of relevant information.
Excellent, easy to understand and helpful.  Thank you!
Was a helpful course during this pandemic. Thank you.
this course has really brought some positivity in me!
I learnt how to control mind in this corona situation
this cores is helped me to control and relax my minds
The lecure was good and I undertood what was lectured
This class is very useful for me during this covid 19
Design excellent Focus oriented couse during vivid 19
It's really needed for now a days all of the pleople.
this is just what i need at this moment... thank you
Excellent course for managing stress and anxiety😊😊
This course was the best thing in my isolation time!
Steve Joordens is a great teacher! super good class!
It has interesting topic, easy to learn & applicable
its very nice course to learn this quarantine period
Very good and easy to learn and understanding course
Very useful for everyone in such a big pandemic time
I got the appropriate information regarding Covid-19
thanks for your support this course helped me a lot
Wonderful course. I didn't regret my email. Thanks.
This was a very interesting and informative course.
Very therapeutic in this difficult time of COVID-19
I strongly recommend people to go for this course .
Amazing general Psychology lectures by Prof. Steve.
I could totally relate to the situations mentioned.
Thank you so much for putting this course together.
I really liked this course. It is very interesting
it was an awesome course, thank you Prof. Joordens
Its helping me to handle my anxiety. Thank youuu!!
Recommended this course during this crisis period.
Excellent course, well explained by the professor.
good information and well presented, very helpful.
Concept was very good to implement during COVID-19
This is very interesting and useful in one's life
It is very helpfulat this time.And so informative
Excellant explanationof many basics in psychology
tips to overcome anxiety did helped me in my life
Super helpful, I recommend this course. I love it
A great course. Very effective and knowledgeable.
Was a very enjoyable course, greatly appreciated.
Absolutely loved it and would want more of these.
What an amazing course it was! So much to learn.
This course really help me during this pandemic.
Wonderful course and gained a lot of information
Good , I have learnt many new things on covid-19
Thanks for sharing the knowledge about covid 19.
Please solve my problem and email mu certificate
the course is more interesting and fun to learn.
I have good experience to  learn this courses ..
great course. Very interesting and knowledgeable
Enjoyed it! Feeling grateful for your hard work.
Very interesting and use full to us.thank u sir
The course was excellent.It was really helpful.
This was an amazing course and very informative
This course helped me, and my family. Thank you
He is a fantastic instructor...My salute to him
It's really useful and very informative course.
Too Good i learned  lot through it. Keep it up.
Amazing platform coursera ....it's powerful cls
I have greatly benefited from doing this course
Excellent ...Content useful 👌Best wishes .....
Very useful for during this pandemic situation.
It was an exemplary course. I really loved it.
One of the best way to achieve the knowledge .
Very good mind relaxation at this pandemic era
It was a very helpful and informative course !
its really a great session in this crisis time
I enjoyed your teaching thank u for the lesson
Good advice and good empathy with participants
Good and very important lesson in this  time.
I AM VERY  GREAT FULL TO GET THIS OPPORTUNITY
very beneficial and informative, thanks a lot
The course was excellent and very informative
It is very good and useful class in this time
Best for knowledge and awareness of covid-19.
very useful course in these challenging times
It was a nice experience by doing this coures
It's Excellent.very use full during this time
learned to be mental health crisis management
Thank you so much. The course was very useful
Great course by a great professor! Thank You!
Good Learning and Takeaways from the session.
It is a really good course. Thanks for that!
Simple yet strategic and helpful. Thank you!
I Have learn alot of things from this couse.
It's a great course and very use full course
Very Helpful course in this pandemic time!!!
It is very useful and also motivating course
Really great information! Extremely useful!
The class was helpful, fantastic and superb
This Course is very helpful and informative
It's a very good and helpful course for me.
Very good insightful information. Thank you
Thanks for your efforts to make the course
Great and what an impactful course indeed.
A great comfort course during the Covid-19
Sir you are really awesome learnt a lot!!!
Very helpful course, totally recommend it!
nice & Thank you Faculty & Health all team
it was relaxing and was a good experiences
It’s an amazing and very meaningful course
This Course Was Very Informative. Thanks..
Great course, very informative. Thank you.
Great how to control mind set and pactice
A very helpful and an interesting course.
Very helpful in this pandemic situation..
this course make me to a positive thinker
It's an Amazing course I learned soo much
Very interesting, helpful and supportive.
Great course during this covid situation.
Thank you so much for this amazing course
Very very helpful in covid -19 situation.
The course is very helpful to the people.
Very helpful for studying mental health.
The way of teaching is quite impressive.
All the best I learn alot of this course
Very  help fun and well done, thank you!
Valuable information within short period
Great insight and amazing facts learned.
Excellent course during this crisis time
it is very usefull course for everyone'.
Very informative, explanatory, learning.
Very excellent experience in my life 👍
Excellent course, thanks for everything
its  very useful during this covid time
Very good platform for online learning.
Nicely presented.  Very easy to digest.
Amazing course! Definitely recommended.
Very good! Thank you for your kindness!
Very Helpful for us in covid situations
Nice professor and really nice lecture
Powerful messages, thank you so much!
The need of the hour was this course.
Very inormative & helpful!! Thankyou.
Thanks, Mr steve for the information
course was good ,i learn many things
greatttt !! to learn about your mind
i’ve got the certificate is amazing!
Thank you for the wonderful sharing.
Good to have our own mind control us
it's very helpful thank you so much
this is a very good coursethank you
Very good course. Very insightful.
good quality vedioes and lecturing
Excellent..keep up the good work..
Useful during this Covid pandemic!
It is  good way to learn I love it
Excellent course. Totally worth it
It is very useful for mind control
Very useful course. Thank you sir!
Very Nice and interesting course.
good experience.learn many things
Amazing Course as well as helpful
everybody should take that course
Learnt a lot from this session!!!
some very good ideas to practice.
had a great journey with coursera
Extremely helpful and informative
very benefit for this conditions
Thank you, that's a great course
Nice..But how to get certificate
Preferable course Thank you sir,
An interesting and useful course
Thanks for the course Professor!
Great Job!!! thank you so much,
I have learnt about brain sense
this course is really important
Very helpful and timely course.
I found this course interesting
This is best course in COVID-19
gud course..i really enjoy this
Much needed in this tough times
This course wa very effective..
very useful and very intresting
Good explanation via activities
I loved it . Wonderful  course
Much needed and awaited course
Very effective class thank you
good teaching and amazing quiz
This course really help to all
Informative and well paced. BZ
Awesome......benefits alot....
nyc  guidleines to be followed
It is the wonderfully section
Excellent process of learning
Very knowledgeable and useful
Good know of controlling mind
Enhancing our knowledge level
its very interesting to learn
I just want to say, thank you
Helpful and easy to navigate.
this course...it so meanfull
Its really good  and usefull
very comprehensive and crisp
very nice and helpful course
Overall it was a good course
amazing!!!! helped immensely
very helpful training course
Awesome and best experience
Excellent information 💁‍♀️
The course was informative.
Good opportunity for me....
Good flow of course content
An easy stress free course!
its very useful . very nice
very good and short course
A lot if info but worth it
I truly enjoy this course.
very knowledgeable teacher
Thank you this was helpful
A simple and useful course
It was really knowledgable
It is such a great course!
I love doing this course..
great... Just Mind blowing
I am.improve our knowledge
how to get my certificate
Good courseGood knowledge
HOW CAN I GET CERTIFICATE
i love coursera very much
Thank you for this course
Interesting MOOC, Thanks!
Nice Course to Relax mind
Awesome and learn a lot!
very good lesson subject
Useful course.Thank you.
It's very helpful Thanks
the material is so clear
Informative and helpful.
Where's the certificate?
It was really educative.
Well informative course.
One of the best course❤️
Very good and enjoyable.
Thanks.very good course
This is really helpful.
It's great!! Thank you.
Wow...its a nice course
Such an amazing course!
Useful For the Covid-19
Useful and informative
Extremely good course.
THE COURSE IS TOO GOOD
Just amazing to course
Its really helpful 👌❣
Thank you! Great help!
it was really helpful!
it is the best coures
great coursera for me
Its very useful to me
Fantastic and precise
Good Course for All!
Useful online course
It's a Great Course!
Really Helpful......
I love these courses
It's good and useful
was really help full
Improve my knowledge
Good education given
Learned many things.
It very help full me
Beautifully this app
i enjoyed the course
Very very effective
Enjoyed the course.
This is very timely
Very knowledgeable.
Precise and concise
Amazing course 😊😊
Certificate  tharu
It helped me a lot
Good for knowledge
love this course.
Vera good section
it is good for me
had a great time!
Best information.
It's good cource
really much good
I is very useful
Nice and useful
The Best Course
Very intresting
Very powerful!
very impactful
Perfect  class
It was good 👍
Infornational
It is helpful
it is useful
Great ideas!
Knowledgable
very timely.
Very timely
Much useful
Very happy
