I wanted to like this course. The topic is so interesting, but it is incredibly poorly presented. It seems everything is very surface and there is no way to properly understand the material because the short videos don't give enough information. lt seems like they are trying to drag information from the professor who doesn't want to give it. The video quality is very poor as well.
The instructor just reading his book. He should go take the "Communicate strategy in virtual age" class also offered by UofT to make a better presentation.
I didn't like this course. The presentations were of student-made level. Also I didn't like the content, it was more similiar to a lexicon of teenage girl, than to scientist in psychology. It was not an interesting course.
I thought the much of this course was simply evil and the advise to be malevolent, especially in regard to abnormal sexuality. This course recommends abuse. and hides it behind a pretension of psychology.
If I could give it 0 stars, I would. The videos are short and content is messy. The instructor could have intelligently shared information rather than rambling on. Would not recommend at all.
If I had the option to un-enroll I would. Way too many really short videos. Lots of redundancy. I enrolled hoping to learn from a university professor, but ended up watching videos mostly of his very young recently graduated TA either chatting with one of her peers or interviewing said professor -who, by the way, uses the word 'like' as much as my teenager niece. Seriously, one out of every five words spoken by him are 'like'. I could not continue and stopped in the midst of week three. I am a big fan of Coursera and this is the only course that was not worth my time.
Very unimpressed with this course.  Some basic biological terminology is used wrong, and it suggests that abusive partners act that way because the other person isn't meeting their needs (i.e. victim blaming).  There are also some very offensive comments made in the discussion of 'power' in a relationship claiming that being a minority takes away a person's power in relationships.  I don't know how long ago this course was created, but it is no longer relevant.
Dull. It is not engaging, the professor might know a lot, but surely he doesn't know how to express the content. It's a lot of 'nothing'.
First week... quiz is already way beyond my comprehension of the videos and "lectures"... I'll be dropping it
I can't take the long introductory video before each lecture.
Boring and monotonous way of explanation.
It's irrelevant to me. Archived.
Very hard to understand
Without being able to buy the book, it is impossible for me to learn in this course. Of course people's relationship issues stem from unmet needs but unless the videos can clearly define needs vs. wants, I'm not getting much out of it.
Unfortunately, I found the course really dry. I couldn't connect with the professor at all or the layout, loving other courses on coursera.
I couldn't do unenroll this class, so I don't have choose to finish this course. I feel so sad for this boring  class.
The material is very interestingBut the quality of the sound is awful and I could not listen
This course is very poor and I would like to discontinue
Grading not upto the mark
the language used by speakers (and in transcript) is ..... really difficult as half of it is made of "sort of -like -yeah" . waste of time  in  struggle to follow and understand what it is really about :( I am sorry to have to say this.... still grateful that this is available to everyone, and everywhere. thank you for the opportunity to have been able to briefly participate.
It felt poor quality. Audio was different video-to-video, poor graphics. Lots of very short videos so you have to keep going in to move to the next one rather than just getting into the topic
The quizzes, first the most part, have no wrong answers. It ends up making you (me) feel as though there's no benefit to actually engaging with the course.
It's really hard to get head over the material. Lecturers seems disconnected. Quizes and presentation are pretty weak.
I have
found this course a bit repetitive and somewhat common sense. The lectures are choppy, with way too many short video segments. I believe that sort of organization breaks the flow among videos that all refer to the same topic and makes it harder for the students to concentrate. Open-ended questions are also excessively frequent and students are asked to input text constantly even after learning very small amounts of material. This becomes tedious after a while. The contents covered are also very straightforward and I felt like the concept of 'needs' was incessantly repeated unnecessarily. The core of the course is good, but I think it could be shortened to perhaps 3 weeks instead of the current 6.On a more positive note, one valuable
piece of insight that I am taking with me after this course is the notion of N3Cs and a
framework to conceptualize relationships in terms of the needs of the
participants and whether they are being met or not. That is actually very
valuable to me personally, as it helps explain many of the tensions and
difficulties that I have experienced in my own relationships, and it helps me
better understand the actions and thoughts of my current and previous partners,
as well as friends and family. This is a very powerful idea, along with the
knowledge that people’s needs and responses will vary depending on their
capacities, characteristics and circumstances. It is crucial, I believe, to
bear in mind the intersection between environmental pressures (circumstances)
and personal attributes (characteristics and capacities) when interacting with
others, in order to build stronger relationships rooted in honest understanding
that will allow all participants to grow and flourish. While I cannot say that
I have learnt any concrete information from this course beyond this, I do
believe that I have acquired a new mindset and the capacity to view
relationships in a different light, and for that I am grateful to the
instructors for the work they put into developing this course. Thank you!
The course discusses some interesting points, but the way they are delivered is terrible. Many short videos talk about very similar ideas, and in many cases, the subjects discussed in videoes are not well explained. It's not the best way to deliver this type of topic. If you're not a patient person, this course might drive you crazy.
I did not encounter "aha" moments of learning but the actual information was a great refresher and very useful.  The subject matter does offer a bit of an outline to deal with relationship differences.  The subject matters breaks down elements of differences and similarities in relationships in a manner that one (as a coach or counselor) can follow and apply.   The most frustrating thing was the instructor's use of the word "like" after every other word; that was annoying.  Please people learn to articulate properly when giving an instructional video.
Course design is pretty uneven in pace, engagement and expectation setting. The interactive segments could be better. Also, the core content feels like a hodge-podge of different sources thrown together to support the Professor's lexicon.
managing emotions doesn't mean hiding your emotions. you have to first acknowledge the emotions your feeling. but you should also understand that you might behave extremely irrationally when you are emotional. so, after acknowledging your emotional. you should try bring your self to calm. only after should you speak.i understood the all this this subjects the arts and science of relationship and human needs. i like it because i don't know some topic information about it .
Professor uses quite a few fillers, which makes it difficult to concentrate at times. The audio in module 4 is very poor.
A really ncie an helpfull course!
I love the contents of the course and that the students are putting themselves out there.
Thank you  so much for a great course and valuable information.  Looking forward to having another nice course. Warm regards, Moniruzzaman Ahmed
I am a college student who took this course mainly for self-development. I planned on rating this course 5 stars, however due to the abundance of areas of improvement I have found, I downgraded my score to 4 instead. Firstly, I learned so much from this course that I was able to apply to my life fairly easily. The SSLD framework is simple yet very useful. This course gave me a new perspective on topics concerning interpersonal relationships such as dealing with relationship problems, growth, transformation and termination, intimacy and sex, and affairs. Dr. Tsang offered great wisdom he attained through decades of experience and research. I had fun reading through the additional materials they included at the end of or in between videos as well. If you enjoy cultural diversity, then you will find more reasons to like this course. The specialized lessons are presented by Ph. D. and Masters students from all over the world.Next, I believe that the format of the videos could've used a bit of tweaking. This course consists mainly of videos of discussions between the course tutors and Dr. Tsang, although the some videos in the first week only had Dr. Tsang in them. In addition, it was a bit discouraging at first when I discovered the great number of videos they have for each week. I was even more baffled when I observed that several of the videos were 3 minutes or less. Considering that most of videos feature conversations between two people, cutting them into segments of 200 seconds in length simply disrupted the flow of ideas. Sometimes, they take one topic, for example, the six domains of transformation, and cut it into 4 videos each less than 4 minutes each. If they spliced together the four videos into one that is 12 minutes long, it would have made the discussion more organic and would have been better in facilitating understanding. One time, Dr. Tsang referenced something he said at the start of their conversation, and since I forgot about it, I had to back-track and skim through the previous videos just to understand what it was that he said. I think that a reason they split some topics into multiple videos, although they were part of the same conversation, may be because they had to cut a part of the conversation and didn't want to make it obvious. Honestly, a quick transition effect could've done the job. Videos in other courses do it all the time. Even if the lighting or the camera angle had changed and it was obvious that some parts of the video were shot at a different time or day, my overall comprehension of the topic was not affected at all. The concepts were easier to relate and chunk since they were just in one video.One way they tried to remedy this gap brought about by the splitting of the topic into multiple videos was to insert a summary a the end of a video series. Unfortunately, even those felt awkward and out-of-place. One person off-camera would reiterate some of the important points, but sometimes he would fail to include all of the content of the discussion or would add another point from who knows where.Another issue I discovered was the pacing of the lessons. This, again, is brought about by the chosen format for this course. When introducing topics and concepts, using a powerpoint presentation and adding a voice-over would have been much faster and more effective than a discussion between two people in the screen. They only got into the more interesting topics at the very last week, and even then, I felt that the discussions could've gone on for longer. By presenting the important concepts more efficiently, then more discussions on the application of the SSLD framework could have happened.While discussion videos are the bulk of the videos (in terms of amount), they include a specialized lesson in some modules. The specialized lessons are prezi presentations with voice-overs and are about as long as the one whole lesson (around 8 normal videos). Some are just redundant and not necessarily related to the topic of that week's module. Since they are optional (I think), I suggest skipping them althogether or just read the trascript.Those presented above are the major issues and the next few are only minor. I do not know who encodes the transciptions but the transciptions need a bit of work. I have transcribed lectures in law school as a side job before, and the work I see in this course is shoddy. The following comments do not apply to the transcriptions in all of the videos. I only noticed these because I prefer to take notes using the "save note" feature. The first is the awkward cutting in the middle of sentences. Sadly, the "save note" function does not work if the chunk of text you want to save are separated by a time-marker. It does not make sense to separate a topic, much less a sentence, using a time-marker. The second is that some words were probably mis-heard. Because a lot of the speakers in this course are from different parts of the world, thus have heavily- accented English, some words in the transcription are wrong. I see how they might have mis-heard some words, but there are times when I do not know whether the transcriptors are actually listening or not. As an example, in a specialized lesson video on gay Filipinos in Canada, instead of writing LGBTQ, the transcription has LGB"D"Q. I mean, really? My final issue on transcriptions is about completeness. I mentioned beforehand that some videos have an additional snippet at the end summarizing the topic however, the transcriptions do not include this segment. Choosing to teach a lesson through a video of a discussion between two people has its strengths and weaknesses, Unfortunately the makers of this course exposed more weaknesses than showed off the strengths. However, I know that there are people who do not care for the things I mentioned above and by all means, I sincerely hope that you enjoy it as much as I did.TLDR; Content-wise, very rich. I think everyone can take away at least one thing from this course. However, it is not the most professional-looking of all the courses. Main issues are about the presentation of the content.
This course does address the science of relationships but the examples and scenarios are more oriented towards couples. And i thin because the SSLD concept is based on and has been developed for couples therapy. I would have liked relationships in general. There are so many other ones that exist other than your partner. They too need to be understood. I think a little less of SSLD would have made this possible.The additional reading material was almost all paid material and very expensive at that. instead of constantly promoting his book the Professor could have attached relevant excerpts so that one could still read sections that were applicable.
Me core take-home is managing Needs. My own needs, the needs of others, the needs of society, the expected needs to be met. And how to handle differences & diversities, the various transformation stages of relationships. People don't stay the same forever, how to deal with changing needs & work on improving relationships, intimate and plutonic alike.
The course was very good, never the less i think is focus mainly in partner relationships and  covers poorly  the part of mother-son, sisters, filial relationships. I think it would help a lot to include more information related to those type or relationship. However the N3C can apply to any kind.thank you, it help me a lot.
This course is very helpful for people who are already in a relationship or going to be be in a relationship in near future. This course explores you so as well so many other dimensions of dealing with someone else and what kind of expectation one can have from you, and how important it is giving space to other people.
The course is easy to follow, and I understood how I can apply the course content in daily life. It would be good for it to be more in-depth perhaps, with sharing of more research and psychological concepts. Other than that, I think it is a relevant and easily applied course!
This course in very insightful and welcomes you to look internally and understand your needs, and provides effective strategies for dealing with others.  Its a long course, but really valuable and provides a framework that will help me moving forward.  Highly recommend!
Loved it. More art/philosophy than science, but still great work! Very analytical guy the professor is. Don't remember him ever taking a moral stance, he simply states what people tend to do, and dissects their behaviors as a consequence of interpersonal conflicts.
This is a great course! I thought the 1st module was too slow & too abstract, but from the 2nd module onward it was a series of mind-opening revelations on how to have healthy relationships. There are a bit too many quizzes, most of them being opinion questions.
I enjoyed this course and learned a lot about relationships & communication. I recommend this course if you want to understand yourself better. I feel anyone can benefit from this course, not just people who are studying psychology or want to go into that field.
The course gives many good hints about understanding the power that motives relationships and helps to understand the dynamics of relationships however it doesn't include a lot of skills to be learnt on how to manage relationships in tips.
Everything in this course was intriguing and apt. Well put together, and followed a logical flow of topics. I removed one star because some of the videos were poor in quality (not content) and the audio was amateur at times.
Indeed a very interesting course which is helpful to guide towards strengthening of relationship through positive attitude , emotional control and understanding of oneself as well as the needs of others or life partners.
It was an amazing class but it was divided so many times the lesson was essentially broken. One big section on the lesson would be better! Also some of the audio is a bit hard to hear from the sound of a generator?
The content is good. But if you are very interested in the topic I could get a bit boring. I think this course could be more famaous if were better presented and selled.
Very good course and gave good useful insights in to a very important aspect in one's life i.e. understanding human needs, to build effective relationships
The video lectures and atmosphere are really nice, calm and open. The material is relevant to everyone and is presented in comprehensible manners.
The beginning was very informative and I learned a lot but in the end it was too much conversation  and less multiple choice tests
It could have more intellectual approach to the relationships and more attention to the efficiency of storytelling or phrasing.
I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot if your interested in working with people this is a great course for you!
This course has opened up my understanding on relationship and needs,its helping me relate better and address issues
Great course for an introduction , i wish you could do another course to get deeper in the topics discussed.
This course is very useful and has helped me lot in understanding different things from different angels.
A really well- designed course, overall!Highly recommended for all age groups and across all fields.
Pretty structured way to understand how to manage our relationships, by first managing ourselves.
Sometimes, couldn't understand what the teacher was saying. Other than that, loved the course!
it is a very good course, i may say to add more on religious and cultural sensitivities
the content is great, but there is background noise. Hope it can be improved.
So many useful tools to assist in my relationships. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
great course to learn a basic human  characterstic which is relationship
Really appreciate the effort of teachers, videos & overall assignments.
This course helped me a lot to handle relationships in my daily life.
Great course exspecially if you have troubled relstionships.
Informative, interactive with an interesting teaching style.
I really enjoyed the topics talked about in this course.
this course gave me lots of knowledge it is very good
its good to learn something different
Wonderful Course & Great Experience.
A very good and interesting course.
Adequate KnowledgeThanks!
The course contents are somewhat specialised and I'm glad it's offered free of charge.Learning this course helps in understanding dysfunctional relationship and how to change it from yourself
This is really one of the best courses that I have ever took. This course really opened my brain up on why some of my relationships weren't working. Understanding that everyone has needs in every relationship. You have to remember this for every relationship you're trying to create, or continue to develop. Even the smartest people I know should take this course. Just because you're really smart in lets say programming, English, Science, etc... doesn't mean you know the dynamics of Relationships. I wish they taught this in public school, but they don't.Thank you so much!Sebastian ❤⃛ヾ(๑❛ ▿ ◠๑ )
Really fun and felt like I learned a lot about myself. If you are looking for insight on your relationships whether it is your significant other, best friend, or family than this class is for you!!!!
Interesting material, good course length, enjoyed the experience, came out feeling more wise/educated on relationships and human emotions - I do 100% believe these teachings will help me.
A truly wonderful class! Professor Tsang and his associates do such a great job of presenting information in such an easy to understand way using plenty of relatable examples that you can come away thinking, well yeah, that's just common sense and womdering if you've really learned anything - until you look back at just how much you have learned! Picking up and understanding the concepts is almost effortless because of the great way everything is presented. I see some of the other reviewers have complained about the short length of numerous videos but I actually find it easier to digest the information when it is presented in this way. And the short essay questions often asked are intended to make you think and apply what you've learned - that's the whole point of the class, to learn techniques to put into practice in your own life, it's not just an academic exercise. Anyone can benefit from the strategies and concepts presented in the course - they can be applied to many life situations. I would highly recommend this short but truly beneficial and enjoyable class to just about anyone and I actually already have!
The course was really interesting by the title alone that's why I decided to take it, and my expectations were definitely met. Throughout the whole series, I was able to see the value of SSLD framework and the N3C analysis in my life, because the lecturer would really give thorough examples. I really enjoyed that the lecture also touches of several dimensions of a relationship like its termination & transformation, and also sensitive topics such as sex. It's nice to encounter a MOOC that isn't afraid to delve into the more difficult conversation, because I feel like I was able to learn more about these things since materials on it are not widely available on the web. While the teaching could have been more "fun" or creative, I still really enjoyed the lessons I got, and how practical it is in my everyday life.
I highly recommend taking this course, Professor A. Ka Tat Tsang is incredibly super intelligent and explains matters clearly. This course is very interactive, constructive, it is something that you take into life, and that in addition to helping you, you can help others and improve your relationships. I will miss studying this course, I highly recommend it, you will not regret it!
Very interesting, with a practical approach and with many examples. Highly recommended as it offers a good insight on the way people  form relationships and connect with others.
Excellent course on Human Relationship. I learned a lot and got a fresh perspective from this course, which I can apply to my life to improve all kinds of relationships.
The course is a good one, it brought to light the principle of SSLD, the need for self-awareness using N3C  and the negative and positive aspect of social script.
Recommend for people in relationship difficulties, therapists, relationship coaches, and teachers
Really interesting course. Learned a lot of information about relationships that would definitely aid in the way I build and manage my relationships with others. Also helps with building more understanding and compassion towards others through understanding the reason why certain things such as breakups occur and the reasons why people look for certain bonds with others.All in all, if you're looking for a course that explores and helps you understand relationships, this one's pretty good.
Great course. Not only did I learn a lot, but things which I already knew got a new perspective. Not only did I enjoy it but it helped in personal issues too. Another very useful thing is that after the course is over one still has access to it. So one can go back and access the material again and think about it. I think I got more out of it in my second run through it! Felt some of the examiners were a bit simplistic. But on the whole a great course. Would highly recommend it.
It helped me assess and address Needs- these show up in almost every interaction we have with others and also ourselves. It's a blueprint for building healthy relationships, understanding ourselves and others to make sure our needs are met for an encouraging future. The course also addresses the challenges that relationships are subjected to and explains the why's and how's behind them. This is an eye opener, check it out for yourself.
This course gives you confidence and skills to manage your needs and the needs of people you are in a relationship with.  The course sets you up for the complexities which relationships bring to your life but with rewarding, calming experiences as your emotion become stable and you provide an enjoyable and slow process in building a strong and caring relationships.
This course provides me a very comprehensive knowledge pertaining to human relationship by dissecting the human needs and 3C. It makes me better understand the nature of human relationship as well as equip me with the mindset to deal with any potential relationship issues in the future. A very good course worth taking to better understand yourself and your partner!
A fantastic course! Although some parts may seem a bit repetitive, I have gained a deeper understanding of myself and what I need to do in order to improve my relationships. I absolutely love the lecture notes! This is the first course that include them in the materials! Therefore, it is very easy to go through the materials again to revise the course's content.
Online dating as the newest way of searching for partner this brought by pandemic in a New Normal. With the help of technology it leads us to a comfortable, much easiest way. Less cost and time to meet someone and getting to know each other. But also we must be aware of the truth that many people use this for fun, to scam and some are using false info.
Amazing course! Very challenging if you avoid (purposely or not) connection and empathy. In our crazy world we need to understand each other better and learn from each other. I completely recommend this MOOC. Thank you for sharing your knowledge, it already improved the way I interact with my friends and family for good!  =)
This course manages to be information-packed and interesting at the same time. Professor Tsang and his team engages the leaner in a conversation-like format in each lecture that is just the lenght!
I develop new skills and knowledge about the arts of relationship which one of the most important things of our lives through the SSLD  strategies  ,the N 3C ( understand our and other needs is key) the  social scripts and patterns, the importance of communication that avoids a lot of mis understandings, build relationships that work for me ,I have  learned to be prepared to deal with transformation and termination  and finally the importance of the Self .
This was an incredibly enlightening course, I have not been very strong in my significant relationships department because my romantic relationships turned out to be very abusive and it was a nightmare escaping them. But this course gave me useful insight about human needs, about the life cycle of relationships, about many dilemmas and phenomenons regarding relationships. I really enjoyed this course!
I love the course very much, it has been an eye opener to relationships and how they ought to be conducted so that they benefit all those that are involved in them. I would do it all over again if I had to.Thank you Toronto University and Professor Aka Tat Tsang and everyone involved in making this course, " The Arts and Science of Relationships: Understanding Human Needs a success.
This course helped me to work on improving my relation with the persons nearest to me by explaining that everybody has it's own N3C's and that, for building and/or keeping good relations, it is important to understand each others N3C's and, where possible, support each other with fulfilling his/her Needs.
I recommend this course to everybody, I enjoyed it, and I've learned a lot about people, about their Needs, about how relationships work, and it gave me a better view on human behavior in general. I found this course very helpful because it has a lot of quizzes, and I could understand better the lessons.
I highly recommend this course to everyone. To understand ourselves and understand the others is the key for better relationships and a better society. Thank you to everyone that made possible people from all around the world be able to study with an amazing teacher in one of the best universities.
I'm so happy that I took the decision of enrolling in this course. It has been a wonderful journey where I learnt a lot about myself and the patterns I follow in my relationships. This course has changed the way I'll look at my relationships from now on. Thank you for providing this course!
This course sparked my understanding about what are relationships and how one can deal it. In our daily life routines we do not pay much attention to the needs and purpose of relationship. After having this course i now has realized that relationships are the key to know ourselves.
It's a great course. It delivers what it promises with a strong scientific basis, but applying it to the personal relationships of the viewer. I also enjoyed the dynamics of the video in an interview mode. Congratulations to everyone involved in the making of it and thank you.
One of the best courses I've taken. It felt like a breath of fresh air. It aimed to help me self-reflect and improve myself which it definitely accomplished. Information was presented in a very clear and concise manner. Would recommend everyone to try out this course!
Thank you so much for having this course available! I recommend everyone, especially those who are in a romantic relationship to enroll and learn more about human needs. This course cleared my doubts and helped me understand more about the needs in my relationships.
This course helped me understand my N3C so that I can understand other's better. This course is highly suggested for all professionals, without regard to specialization, specially if you are constantly building rapport with your clients and partners.
It's very nice and useful for making better understanding and better relationship.we can distribute happiness and peace in life who are suffering stress  in society by this course in .Thank you so much Toronto University for providing this course.
Great course - was nice to discover a deeper meaning to romantic relationships, family relationships and friend relationships. It really opened up my eyes to the kinds of things that we should be looking out for, doing or saying. Thanks!
One of the best modules that I have seen or read in recent times.......so many domains and levels were covered in great details...very exhaustive coverage of topics....excellent !.......I honestly found many wonderful takeaway's too...
A wonderful course, well explained about all dimensions, touched every nooks & corners of a relationship and of course the learners can benefit a lot from taking this course. Thanks for the respected teachers & team. Thanks Coursera.
So good and beneficial for everyone.Learnings from this course will help you not only with the relationships but also with other aspects of your life. You'll be able to understand your behaviours and emotions better than ever before.
The course was informative, it has absolutely changed my life for the better, I have been able to acquire a good understanding of what a relationship, whatever type it may be. is supposed to be for the parties involved to be happy .
It's a beautiful course. Every single thing has been explained very nicely. It's easy to understand and it's also very helpful, not just for the romantic relationships, but for any kind of relationships that you have in your life.
Such an amazing course that everyone should take up. THANK YOU PROF.TSANG for this course and teaching us the basics of relationships and how we can improve them. I can now apply the lessons of this course in my day to day life!
The course offers a multi-faceted look at relationships without being confusing at all. It builds up the theoretical framework and concepts in a clear way, and goes into practical applications as well. Really enjoyed it!
This course is very interesting; getting perspective on effective communication, negotiation, and how we can define our own and our partner's needs. This information is pertinent to developing healthy relationships.
The course was very enlightening. Once I understood the SSLD and N3C concepts , the material took on a fine degree of depth and clarity about how relationships grow and change...or don't! Very helpful perspectives!
The course is thorough and very educating, I would love to increase my knowledge in such branch of human science. Videos are of acceptable length, books are amazing, and the conclusion videos are always spot on
A beautiful and rich course, deepened by many readings and food for thought for future developments. Versatile and agile, I highly recommend it. It was a wonderful experience not only didactic but of change
This was one of the best online courses I have attended so far! Very informative, useful and oriented on personal growth. Good navigation system, readings, format and briliant professor and tutor. THANKS!
It'a an excellent and a very interesting course not just for people trying to make a career as a social worker but for anyone pursuing any field to help learn learn navigate relationships better
Understanding Relationship is of course an art. And using strategies and skills for development and learning is science behind it! Worth acquiring this knowledge. Thanks and regards to team!!!
The content is helpful. The course covers a lot of topics and problems.  However, you should have more slide show instead of posting the conversations between students and professor.
The course was very enlighten, it made me think and feel differently about all of my relationships and how I communicate. I can truly say it has changed me for the better. Thank you.
A very complete and excellently distributed course, every topic, every video, I loved I learned many things that I did not know, therefore they would allow me to grow more and better
Excellent course, very specific and still easy to catch. It already helped me in my relationships and my friends who asked me for advice in their relationships. Thank you so much !
This course was really helpful and interesting too. Im glad i chose to attend this course and i must  say its really worth it. Would definitely recommend this course to others too.
I like this course very much, it is a simple way to understand and cope with human relationship. It is helping me a lot with some situations, one of them is breakup relationship
Excellent!! If everyone took this course, it would make such a difference in the world! I am going to tell everyone I know about this course and the significant work presented!
An excellent course with an indepth knowledge of how to understand and manage relationships. The conversational teaching method is very interesting. A well structured course.
The Arts and Science of Relationships:  Understanding Human Needs was a wonderful course and will help me in counseling couples who are having relationship issues.
I really enjoyed how the course was given with videos. It felt like the professor was only teaching me and the other girl. I have never taken a course like this.
I only just started this course, but I feel like I'm learning a lot about relationships, needs vs. wants, etc. I just started, but I highly recommend it anyways!
This course has helped me to understand myself more and to understand others as well and I must say it has allowed me to impart knowledge to others around me.
I liked the course! It changed the way I think about relationships. I now have a better understanding of my needs and I'm more willing to communicate them.
This course was an absolutely fantastic course to study. I learnt many new relationship skills that I will be able to take with me and use within my life
I think its a good course which has shed light on the major complex and conflicting situations which are really stressful to figure out and understand
I learned a lot from this course about relationships and the model for SSLD. How to watch out for your needs and your spouse, and even your friends,
For me was really helpful and is still making me look for my own needs, honestly I just loved it and I am still reading this course recommendations
Really good course! Would highly recommend this for someone who's thinking about building a relationship or is just intersted in the topic itself.
well-organized,  with a good blend of academic and professional terminology mixed with everyday, relatable situations- would recommend this course
Excellent Content and actionable. I applied the knowledge i got from this course and have seen immediate positive results in my life. Thank You
This course is recommendable especially to those who are trying to love themselves or those who are trying to build connections with others.
Thank you so much for giving us the opportunity to learn SSLD. Everything about SSLD was new for me and I'm very excited to use this soon.
If your looking to expand your knowledge about relationships and even find yourself in some of these modules. This course is for you.
I believe it was a unique experience where I could learn about relationships and it maintenance with the approach of the SSLD system.
This is a five star course as it's introducing muchily newly skills that most of us don't know before and are applicable in reality.
The modules of the class were well-curated. The use of interview format in taking through the course was refreshing and interesting.
It was an amazing journey with Professor TSANG and his wonderful team... Thanks to University of Toronto.Regards -Dr Brij Pal Suthar
I recommended this course to most of my friends.A very useful course to help us build better relationships. Thanks to the Lecturers
I loved this course. I enjoyed a lot. It is highly recommended. I am grateful to all those who put every bits together. Thank you.
The course has changed my view on relationships and how understanding our different needs can help to build better relationships.
It was a very geart journey of learning the Teachers had a very broad Mentality and their way of teaching was really amazing!!!
This course is amazing. I learn a lot about relationships here. I hope I can practice the SSLD framework in my relationships.
Wonderful course!  I learned alot, reflected a lot, it helps me to better understand myself and people around me. Thank you!
Good course! Very well-made and easy to understand, it was really nice and even encouraged me to take some others.
A well structured and enjoyable course for anyone interested in improving their current or future relationships.
It was a great course and it is such an opportunity that I was given the chance to take and finish this course.
i have not imagined such a wonderful course .i am definitely going to share this application with my friends.
highly appreciated this course . It helps me to find a new way to look at relationships that are not working
Good information and insight into relationships. Would recommend to anyone desiring a better understanding.
This course is a really nice course and it's very educativeYou'll be surprised to see how effective it is
Well-rounded, informative and practical course for anyone, who wants to improve their relationships.
it was so nice and important course for me and also for me field related and i gain my new knowledge
This course was very well designed. helped in understanding lots of issue in my close relationship.
They deserve a five star commendation due to their great online course and nice admitting me here.
Interesting and IMPORTANT class on and issue that should be important to us all :   relationships!
I found this course useful. It went into enough detail for me to get a grasp of all the concepts.
Very good course I highly recommend it for all people who want to know more about relationships.
Loved this so much. Great course, I learned a lot from it that I hope to utilize in the future.
Great course opens up your mind. Everything taught is helpful and relatable in somecontexts
Would recommend to everyone unless you live in a place where you do not need to socialize.
So happy to learn so many things about relationships and transformations.  Thanks to all.
This is a fantastic course about relationships and human needs.
Absolutely recommendable.
Very educational and enlightening course, get Dr. Grants book too it's a great resource.
The course is for all to understand themselves better as well as to understand others
Its amazing, I learnt so much. And now i became different person in my relationships!
it was amazing experience to finish this course and understand needs of other people
This course will really help you understand yourself and the people around you more!
Beautiful course and well explained, arranged and meticulously prepared. Keep it up.
Very relevant courses and really helps me in establishing my needs in relationship
it's such a great course to let you learn more about yourself and relationships.
Very helpful in understanding relationships and learning about ones own self
Interactive, entertaining and still deep and powerful learning, thank you!
SSLD Conception for Counselling is a great tool do go for it recommend!
it is a really helpful course. i just loved it and i would recomend it
This will greatly help you improve yourself and eventually others too.
Helpful if you are an individual who was to have better relationships.
Helped me a lot in understanding the relationships. Thanks a lot! (y)
a very good course to understand your own needs and those of others
Having trouble with relationships? Here is the best course for you!
Very interesting, the flow and content of this course was amazing!
Great course to gain greater understanding or yourself and others
Very good lessons to learn about yourself and others around you.
Really interesting, with plenty examples to help you understand.
Useful course to better understanding relationships in general.
I learned a lot of about relationships and a lot about myself.
I have learnt much in this course and this was very beneficial
One of the best eyeopening online courses which I went through
Amazing and helping for understand and have the key for this.
Brilliant course learnt me so much and got e line certificate
Amazing course ! Gained so many insights. Great presentation.
its a helpful course...everyone should complete this course
The course was really applicable to real life situation.
Very good course, would highly  recommend it to everyone
thank you so much for formulating this amazing course!!!
Thank you Professor for your course, it was insightful.
It was the best course so far I've taken on Coursera!
That was really informative and interesting course!
This course is very interesting. Thank you so much
Amazing course! Explanatory and research-oriented!
Exceptionally informative. I would recommend it.
Best course to make your life more understanding
Professor,Thank you so much your sincere,Bunsita
fun course taught me some things I didn't know
Thank you very much for the valuable course.
Loved the way professor taught the lessons.
Excellent academic and practical knowledge
Excellent Content & Clarity of thought.
very informative and explanatory course
Great course and great facilitators.
It has being a whole new experience
Amazing course and very insightful!
This course is really very helpful
Thank you it is very useful course
Everyone should take this course!
Very insightful and therapeutic!
This course make me love myself
The course was very well built.
it's a very interesting course
Really useful and great for me
Thankful to taking this class
A must do a course for all!!
very much helpful in life
Thank you for everything!
It is really good course
IT WAS VERY INTERESTI
You are the best
