Very dissappointing course. It is outdated. It is evident that it was created in 2013 and has not been updated since then. As a consequence, it refers to disorders that don't exist any longer in the current taxonomies and is based on DSM-IV althouth the DSM-5 was released 7 years ago!
This course I think would really only be pertinent for people who live and work in Canada or who would want to or are very interested in this subject as it relates to Canada's history and practice. The name should be: The Social Context of mental Health and Illness in Canada.
I appreciated the focus on mental health and mental illness, and I enjoyed learning about the history of asylums and the DSM. However, I did not learn as much as I had hoped to. The course felt more like a commentary, than actually learning about certain topics.
Needs to be updated. Everything is prior to 2013 data when the DSM has been updated
it is indeed a good and rich course. but i didn't like the idea of a) peer graded assignments and b) not having exams on each part so that we could feel the sense of a real course not just a huge amount of information without evaluating how much did we understand from it.
While this course is informative, some of the information is outdated because the course is made long ago. Furthermore, lecturer talks very fast while often stumbling with words or sometimes accidentally uses the incorrect term in one video before addressing it in the following videos which makes it confusing. Overall I don't enjoy listening to the lecture compared to many other courses. And if you can find courses with updated information, go for it instead.
Very long and boring videos
This is an excellent course. It is presented in a friendly and competent manner, useful for both Mental Health professionals and the lay person. Only the digital platform glitches and missing management compromised my rating. I use other online courses, and having the discussion forum below each video lesson is more user-friendly, essential towards the promotion of student engagement. The chronic issues of missing or non-functional links belie how awkward fixing  the issues students have highlighted and recycling their solutions. These 2 critiques are the only reason I did not give a full 5 stars.
course is very informative and i really enjoyed while doing it. I am batter able to understand mental illness in social context. it increase my knowledge of social factors that influence mental health. positive social environment and positive attitude is very important to promote mental health. Thanks Coursera for this course.
Great course for sure. The issue is the grading! Not enough people taking it so I couldn't get my final graded! Had to take a lower grade just to close the course and get my certificate. It ended up fine but they need to figure out a better way to do this going forward.
The information and coursework was perfect.  The only negative for me was peer grading. The course was well presented and very helpful. The assignments were also very useful and helped to solidify the knowledge presented.
I really like the course, all the information presentent.I think it can be better if there was some test, because sometimes it gets too easy.
The insight gained from the course was amazing. I learnt a lot! Plus the teaching style and course content made the whole difference.
It’s an awesome topic. I enjoyed the assigned readings as well it broadened my knowledge on mental health.
well structured and rich with information, the detailed coverage of each topic was really delightful.
I like how this course can cover a lot of topics but I don't like that know is old information
I am currently in my second year of counselling and I found this course really helpful to understand the social impact of mental health and illness. The course is very informative, with excellent learning resources. I have recommended this course my peers, I am a full-time teacher, as a way of understanding the extended context of our learners.I thoroughly enjoyed to course and would take any other course taught by Charmaine. Her teaching style and passion for subject knowledge hand me hooked on the course right from the start!
I found this course very interesting and engaging.  It looks at how mental health and illness are socially constructed and how this can lead to stigmatisation and negative outcomes for the person with a mental health condition.  The other side of the coin shows how when support networks are in place and when mental disorders are de-stigmatised the outcomes for many people are considerably improved.  My thanks to the educator and course organisers for this informative course.
An amazing course! Dr Williams is a great and engaging lecturer, and the information is presented extremely well. Furthermore, the content is very interesting and adds aspect rarely touched in other courses on mental health, such as cultural aspects and effects of colonialism.
I like this course, it helps me a lot during my master of social work application season.
Thank you to the University of Toronto and to Charmaine Williams for this very useful contextualising of mental health and illness. Having experienced a recent mental health crisis with a family member, this really helped to frame our experience in a new and valuable light. I also feel validated having responded to my experience by becoming a peer advocate teaching psychoeducation courses for carers of loved-one's with mental health difficulties in emotion regulation. It is certainly helping me, knowing that it can help others and keep strained families in tact and emotionally available to one another.
An amazingly enriching course from beginning to end. The social context used in the 
course is based on a global perspective, touches on a wide variety of 
social dynamics (such as feminism, modern day colonialism, theory of 
gender, and ableism) and delivered in an interesting, encouraging and 
light-hearted manner. Professor Williams shares with you a fair and insightful critique on modern understanding of mental health and illness and on how we arrived to where we are today. I would highly recommend this course to professionals and beginners alike. Thank you Professor Williams!
This course was a great experience for me! I am able to recognize the determinants of health, have a better understanding of deinstitutionalization of psychiatric wards, which helps me with my understanding of the US prison industrial complex and how we might be able to deinstitutionalize that system as well. I have a better grasp on the variables that help shape a person's mental wellness and/or illness. I also have a deeper understanding of world history and the effects of colonialism and imperialism on cultures and how they view and treat mental health.
Charmaine Williams is an excellent Instructor. I have taken other courses on Coursera and the structure of the readings, lessons and assignments are very well organized. The Social Context of Mental Health and Illness will really open your eyes to how the world see's individuals diagnosed with a mental illness and what is society has done and is doing to those diagnosed. So many factors contribute to Mental health and Mental illness and this course will definitely give you a greater understanding. Thank-you Charmaine Williams!! Keep of the good work.
it was a great learning experience going through this course on "Social Context of Mental Health and Illness". The lecturer is excellent, the way she lectures and her language are outstanding. my overall understanding on the different perspectives on mental health and illness is changed. the course is good opportunity to understand the concept of mental health in different cultures and social contexts.  personally suggest that the course should be taken up by all those who would work in a psychiatry setting.
It was such a wonderful experience.  Excellent job creating a classroom environment where students can interact and engage with the course material, share their views and thoughts, You also gets to learn from discussion forums, reviewing peer assignments. Gets an exposure to different perspectives. Would like to thank our course instructor Charmaine Williams. her classes are well organized, informative and compelling. Thank you, Coursera for providing us such a wonderful platform to learn.
I really enjoyed this course. I felt I learned a great deal about the social aspects of mental health. I enjoyed learning about the history of mental health. On a side note to that, I started watching Netflix series Ratched. It reminds me so much of the history I learned. The series itself is a little dark but entertaining. Thank you so much for such a great learning experience.
A great course. Charmaine Williams is a fantastic educator who made the learning easy, practical and very useful. The course has enabled me to reflect on my situation with much greater awareness. It has also motivated me to be  supportive of families who are experiencing difficulties with mental illness. Very grateful.
A very interesting course right from the beginning. I really like Charmaine as a presenter and that she voiced her personal opinions about social issues such as discrimination of Indigenous Peoples, Racism, Culture, Ageism and Gender Identity. Thank you Coursera and Thank you Charmaine.
Wonderful Course! The material was interesting and engaging! Professor WIlliams' enthusiasm for the course was very contagious! I loved every moment of learning. It really broadened and deepened my understanding of mental illness and mental health! I highly recommend this course!
Thank you for this amazing course! After a few years out of school (I completed a Bachelor of Psychology 5 years ago), taking this course reignited my drive to expand and open my mind. The course covered so much in six weeks that I savoured the last of it, not wanting it to end!
This course brings some great awareness for the full spectrum of mental health with regards to families, individuals, and societies. I would say it's a good course for anyone as we all have connections to ourself and other people with regards to mental health and illness.
I absolutely loved this course! What was the core of this course was who was teaching it. My professor was clear and easy to obtain information from. Thank you for expanding my mind when it comes to the social context of mental health.It was an amazing course!
I suggest to anyone who wants to better understand mental illness. The historical context is covered and in my opinion a key element to understanding where we are today. This course will be more then adding a certificate, you'll gain valuable knowledge.
This has been a wonderful course and I am glad that it is offered here through Coursera. I learned a lot and am able to apply my new skills into my current career position. Thank you Charmaine for a lovely experience and platform of learning.
Excellent Professor!  Course is well presented and videos are easy to watch and learn concepts.  I have taken several on line courses and the work on developing a comprehensive course is evident.  Thank you for a great learning experience.
Absolutely love this course!! The professor provided very clear outlines for the discussions and assignments - I'm happy to end these 6 weeks with more knowledge about the social context of mental health and illness.
This course was extremely helpful in not only expanding my knowledge base but also to better understand my own surroundings. As an aspiring mental health worker, this certainly proved to be of significant value.
A very enlightening course. This opened my eyes a lot more to what Mental health is all about and how patients with diverse mental illness struggle through their journey to healing and recovery.
This is a very interesting and eye opening course. Professor Williams explained in such a way that students like me with zero knowledge could understand and be interested. Highly recommended.
It was a great learning experience, I gained a lot of information that will be of great benefit to me in my social work carrier. I will definitely recommend this course to my friends.
Awesome course by Professor Williams who taught us a lot about how to consider health issues under the social context to explore the interaction between health and social factors.
An excellent course which can cater to all kinds of learners who are interested in mental health and its evolution over time along with the impact of society on mental health.
The content and activities are very well designed and professional. I higly recommend thsi course to any person interested in learning more about mental health and illness.
Great course if you want to think about how to develop an intervention in mental health in a small place while knowing the history of mental illnesses and treatment
It was so structured and meaningfully engaging. Loved every part of it . Thank you Charmaine for bringing this course to coursera. Lots of best wishes to you.
Charmaine Williams is a natural communicator and the course material is varied and detailed, however, I would prefer less video and more texts material.
Very nice. A good opportunity to learn about mental health and illness and discover how these two concepts are seen in others places around the world.
Facilitator is very engaging and brings the subject to life. Will definitely recommend to anyone with any remote interest in mental hea
I like it because i learn to be more human and consider other things, with a different perspective and tak in count the social context
Very well put together and executed, lots of material to cover but once you are finished the course you have a far deeper insight
Professor Williams is very knowledgeable and inspiring educator. The course was very detailed and evidence-based.
I enjoyed taking this class. I learned some interesting facts about mental illness and genetic propensities.
This course helps to expand my views and critical thinking about  mental health and mental illness.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course and Charmaine was excellent, knowledgeable and easy to listen to!
Very Knowledgeable. I will use my learning's in my to help and understand others better.
The material was updated and very thoroughly presented. Assignments were very helpful.
I learned so much more on the history of Mental Health and Illness!! Thanks So Much!!
Great course. Very interesting topic, well-presented, and lots of useful readings.
Really interesting! Made me learn and have more empathy with mentally ill people.
well worth the time. The professor makes the course easy to learn from.
Great course! I learned so much about mental health and social context.
Great content. A lot of information about mental health and illness.
Very caring, personal educator.  Thorough course on the subject.
love this class, very pleasant instructor lectures and good info
Excellent understanding about the concepts after this course.
I found this course insightful and helpful, thank you.
This was a really interesting and engaging course.
Outstanding course...perfect for my focus area...
Beautiful! Thank you so much i love it!!!!!!!!!!
Great course ,Professor Williams was amazing.
INTERESTING AND FUN COURSE.   THANKS A LOT!
Detailed and articulate.
it any time
