Too many animal mistreatment clips were shown, also some gross misstatements of biological-scientific truths and widely held facts.  Humans cannot change the genome of any living creature, DOGS are WOLVES and always will be.  We have domesticated and bred for certain personality traits and characteristics.  Done with your course.
*No Stars*Another boring animal class that I would not recommend. The teachers do seem nice and well educated however it is still too boring and slow for me.
this course was free now a days, but now demanding 49 dollars.............very poor..............
Interesting topics, and some good information presented on a variety of issues for many animals and situations. However, presented info is often vague and generalized, some sections discuss very little scientific data to back up claims made, and course is generally not very rigorous or challenging.
It is very beneficial for us From this course we got a lot of knowledge about animal welfare which is very useful particularly for a vetnerian
Content good but quiz questions far below standard of other Coursera courses.
Not very useful. Somehow general.
I am sadly dissapointed about the fact that Circus Captivity is listed among types of accepted types of practises. I can understand that in some few cases, captivity in zoos with research purposes may be somehow accepted but I don´t agree at all with captivity with recreational purposes.Thank you!
The material was not as engaging as I would have liked. It would have been better if there were graphs in slide form that I could easily drag and drop to save alongside my notes in Word. The quizzes didn't always tell you why your answer was wrong/which answer was correct. There was one speaker, who thankfully only appeared in one video with a heavy Scottish (I believe) accent that I was completely unable to understand. I did learn a few things about how animals are housed and treated in the farming industry, something which I'm fairly knowledgeable about already, such as the exact measurements of the confines across the globe and which countries produce the most product, but I otherwise already knew all of the information. Some videos, especially at the beginning of the course were extremely repetitive, and therefore I lost interest and became frustrated very early on with this course, which has impacted my overall rating and view of the course. If I had felt engaged during these videos, it wouldn't have mattered that I didn't learn a lot of new information, because it still would have held my interest. I'm glad I stuck with it and finished the course.
This course was in part interesting and in part quite uninteresting. I would have liked to see more natural way of lecturing, it mostly felt very technical and automatic. If you have seen the videos, you know what I mean. I also find that week 5 about cows, pigs and chickens might cause someone to become vegetarian or vegan, as some actions and conditions that are considered to be "normal", (for me) definitely don't seem that. Overall the course got more interesting in the last weeks.
I loved the background of each video more than I loved the lectures to be honest. I felt like if you could explain the videos a bit more detailed it'd be easier for people like me to properly understand the course whose first language isn't English. But overall I loved the view in every video. Looking forward to see more courses about animals in the future!
I feel very fortunate enough to get enrolled in this course  and i am much satisfied with the information provided by the talented professors concerned with both large and small animals. Being a graduated veterinarian i have got to learn a lot about animal behavior, ethics and relationship of animals and humans.
I missed information about behaviour in wild and domestic animals and also, some of the papers that you recomend are not for free, so some of us can't acces to that information.
very long and same information is restated each week. basic knowledge of animal welfare allows you to complete tests without reading the information
I LEARNT A LOT BUY SOME OF THE VIDEOS WOULD NOT OPEN. IT WILL BE USEFUL TO ME IN MY FUTURE STUDIES IN ZOOLOGY.
I learned a lot but I think this course should have been more challenging as far as the quizzes go... :(
Maybe valuable for someone who doesn't know much about animals.
Nice but video clips should be decreasedin time
Good but can be long due to accompany material
Loved it. The Hangout session were boring.
Considering the amount of information I think too much material was attempted to be covered.  Some of the lectures seemed to be rushed through.  I am comparing this with another course I took, Dog Emotion and Cognition where the lecturer took a greater amount of time to cover the material.  Perhaps it might be better to do separate courses on the welfare of different animals under different circumstances.There was a comment by a guest speaker at the beginning of the course talking about the need for greater animal production to feed the increasing human population.  However, this is not what many scientists are saying must happen.  The only way the ever increasing human  population can be fed is with a plant based diet that gets more nutrition from the land and has less impact on the environment.  I know this has nothing to do with the course but the authors of the course allowed him to speak so I am insuring that other voices are heard and that increasing farm animals is not the answer to world hunger.As I am a vegan vegetarian watching the section on Farm Animals was a bit traumatic but I felt necessary to get a better perspective on factory farming.  I can never justify factory farming but nevertheless it is the present reality.  However, measuring cortisol levels is not a true measure of what any animal endures during its short lifetime in factory farming.  It is a measure of reaction to stress for a given period of time and not the lifetime of the animals.I chose not to view the optional section on slaughter as the word defines itself.  With human killing there are ways less painful and quicker but ultimately death is the result.I don't say the above with any naivete.  My family raised chickens, ducks, and rabbits, all of which were slaughtered and ended on the dinner table.  I am also not new to animal behavior having done previous coursework and studied the behavior of mountain gorillas with Dian Fossey at Karisoke Research Center in 1974.  I need to submit one more thing and it is a link to a YouTube a lecture by Phillip Wollum at the World Vegan Summit.  Animal welfare will only occur when the violence humans perpetrate ends.https://youtu.be/AfBhanzng0w
A very interesting course ! Serious and much developed work. Nice special interactive lessons (though speaking english is necessary to understand them), important to get deeper information about some themes. This course is very useful, to be able to evaluate animals welfare through their behaviour, and then to improve it with suitable ways. I just wish there would be more concrete examples of enrichment for wild animals in captivity... I hope this course will be used by more and more people in the world. Our animal friends need it !  Thank you !                                                                                 Cours très intéressant, et développé. Les leçons interactives apportent des infos complémentaires bienvenues sur quelques thèmes (mais il faut pouvoir lire l'anglais...). Cours très utile pour apprendre à évaluer le bien-être d'un animal grâce à son comportement, et pour pouvoir l'améliorer par des moyens appropriés...
This course is great for anyone who is doing animal healthcare or any related field. It gives good principles of what is proper welfare and also the issues of negative or debative welfare. They also talk about how welfare is applied in certain countries to give realistic perspectives and thought of how the world conducts it's business in the world of animal livestock farming, or wildlife captivity. It's a real eye opener and I'd recommend people who are just generally animal lovers, professional or not, to take this course. I absolutely enjoyed it and learned new things from it!
I have learnt basic and general theory of animal welfare and the criticism of most animal welfare problem we faced today. It's generally great to hear the lectures, however, the accompanying material isn't always working and there is a lot of information missing in the pdf version... But I love this course!!  It's like an introduction of animal welfare to the public. It definitely helped me to have a better understanding in the field of animal welfare and future goal. I want to give it 4.5 though there is no option of it.
The course was very informative and while it may not add much to practical skills, the knowledge gained about how to properly discern animal welfare will no doubt aide any student who is taking up a career in some sort of animal care field. The material is interesting, especially the supplementary information. It's very informative in its tone and the instructors do their best to educate their students so that the students know how to make thought- out decisions on this subject.
The lecturers are excellent in providing us the information we need and this course is well written. Pet animals, farm animals, and wildlife animals are put nicely in the course with additional information we can access. I think an improvement in the lecturers communication skills and their body language would make this course better and also a peer-graded assignments would be better to assess and evaluate our comprehension about animal welfare
Excellent and informative course. However, it is technologically outdated (flash required course materials do not work), with seemingly no intention to update. Having used other courses that utilized Coursera (and online learning) to it's full potential, this lack of anything other than video lectures was very apparent.Otherwise I really enjoyed it, and find myself better equipped to discuss animal welfare and behaviours in the future.
I really liked this course! I learned a lot. I'm a biology student so I already knew that we had to do a lot to keep the animals with a good welfare, but didn't had the notion of how much we needed to do. This course really helped me to understand more about things that I hadn't even tought about, for example, how the welfare of animals are measured in a farm and how they do things. Thank you for this course! :)
A well-designed course; easy to follow and make notes. The questions in the assessments are phrased in such a way to make students really think about the answers, but would also have liked some essay-style/short answer questions. Was slightly disappointed to see in Week 6 that circus-kept animals are deemed acceptable by the course creators. Otherwise, this course was very enjoyable
Great course to explore the issues revolving around animal welfare in a variety of capacities. The instructors were easy to follow and a pleasure to listen to. This is a perfect course for beginners wishing to enter the field of animal care, however even as an individual with extensive knowledge of the work, I still found the course to be stimulating. Thank you team!
Was a didactic course and was simple to understand for those who are not experts in the subject, for those who do not study anything related to animals but want to have a closer approach to animal welfare.
In my case, I am a passionate yogi, vegan 4 years ago and for this reason I will always be in favor of welfare and animal protection.
Thank you very much.
I hope you have watched the movie, "Love and Bananas." It reveals the treatment of Asian elephants in order to ready them for the tourist industry or logging. They are beaten into submission. I was distressed to see the use of circuses and other animal entertainment as a part of Week 6. It exists, yet at the expense of the welfare of these sentient beings.
A really interesting course that addressed the major welfare issues of a range of animals, both captive and their wild counterparts. The only thing I would say is some of the questions were worded in a way that was a bit ambiguous and the answers weren't necessarily clear based on the supporting material.Overall thoroughly enjoyed this course!
hello,thanks for sharing your knowledge. but even on my iPad, I  can not see the additional material,   it is a shame that we require to use more than one device to know what's inside, and  I am sure that was very interesting.  For me, the best module was #5 about wildlife in captivity. Congrats to all.
Very interesting and easy going apart of the informal and scientific based lectures. I enjoy  it a lot!!100% recommended not only for thoose who have a pet dog, but for all of us to understand better our four legged friends who live and a pat of human soceity!!!  :))))Well Done!!
Great instructors and good information. I would recommend this course for anyone who is interested in aspects of animal welfare across the board, but especially for someone who is considering getting their first pet. The concepts are explained well, and easy to understand.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course! It was fun and continuously peaked my interest towards eithical problems regarding animals, their domestication and their roles within our society. I learned more about the meat industry aswell as certain psychological traits of animals.
Very interesting course...the ethical questions are far more numerous and complex than I ever imagined they could be.A few of the video segments were a little repetitive.The difficulty level was appropriate for beginners in this field.Overall a very good course.
The course is really well structured and informative. I learnt a lot and also enjoyed the course. All the basics of welfare of various animals ranging  from street dogs to captive animals in zoos and the domesticated animals, were covered with great insights.
I thoroughly enjoyed elating about animal welfare issues. It was specifically instructing to me to know about animal farming as that is something we come across a lot but this course did give a very deep understanding of how it works.
Excellent course, very interesting, great platform, but I am not able to get the free certificate. Excellent course, very interesting, great platform, but I am not able to acquire the free certificate, so I will give only four stars.
This was a really cool, fun course, and I learned a LOT, but I was hoping that they would talk more about the animals in captivity, and major issues relating to them. Other than that, it was an interesting topic to learn about!
Very informative course, although it is sometimes painful to read as they cover ethical issues and the sad reality of slaughter. However, I found it very well covered, as a vegetarian, this course strengthened my beliefs
I really enjoyed the perspective and things I learned.  I thought I could have scored higher on the quizzes because I was saying the same thing as them, but just in a different way. I would recommend this course.
The course was very informative and engaging. The only real issue was that the interactive units need to be updated as they don't run well on current operating systems. Overall it was very worth doing though!.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. It was informative and engaging with the focus being on the fundamentals of animal welfare rather than the raft of ethical viewpoints that we can hold as individuals.
Great.!!! But if the content would be more. I find it unfair for a topic of such importance to be given so less attention. People will also respect it if the content would be more than it is right now...!!
This course gave me a very good understanding what really animal welfare is all about and the current scenario of much ethical and scientific war to come to conclusions of what noble animal welfare can be
I believe that it should have more material about animal training (dog, cat, wild animals) and a whole module about slaughterhouse due to this is one of main issues for people who work of animals at all.
Interesting, thank you for making this course available. After taking it I transitioned from being pescetarian to vegan and I wish that more controversial animal rights concerns were more focused on.
Very informative and well put forth. Would have enjoyed a little more science to balance out the ethics. Farm animal week was very interesting and the most enjoyable and informative in my opinion.
Course is quite interesting and useful to work in welfare organisation and also it teach us that animals have also emotions and they are part of our life ,so we should care of them. Thanks.
I think it is the best online course, I have ever learned.It is very helpful in my study life as a veterinary student and also in my whole life. It is a good effort of Edinburh team.....
Really interesting course! I do wish it went a bit more in-depth (cats and dogs and captive animals) and was a bit more challenging but it is a starter course so I can’t be too upset.
Excellent course, learned lots about cats and dogs and their behavior. Made me understand and talk to my cats in an effective way. Professional and engaged teachers, very passionate.
Great course!! If you are interested in animal welfare particularly animal welfare in animals produced for food, this is a very good course with lots of resources.
Very engaging and well-structured, besides the videos and reading resources, would like to have more interactive exercises with other students and teachers.
it was very helpful and encouraging course it helped me in many different scenarios  and made be able to handle the situations efficiently and effectively
This course helped me to update my knowledge on animal welfare especially that of strays and pound dogs and cats. Thoroughly enjoyed the contents.
The lectures are really inspiring.i enjoyed every second of it.thank you animal behavior and welfare team for offering us this course.
It helps me to learn about animal behaviour and welfare about many animals. So I know how to help the animal to fell more comfortable.
Really liked this course. But I'd like to follow a course by the University of Edinburgh which is a little less 'basic'.
It's good to care for the animals and it will result in good impact on society .The best teachers are here to serve.
Very good course, I like the focus put on the farm animals, who are often overlooked in other courses.
Nice overview into animal behaviour and welfare with enough examples to make it easy to understand.
Very informative, I felt like I learned a lot, but at times it was a bit boring and repetitive.
I THOUGHT IT'S GREAT, BUT ALL VIDEOS SHOULD HAVE OPTION OF SUBTITLES IN SPANISH AND PORTUGUESE
Thank you for the opportunity to learn about welfare concerns and behavior of animals.
I enjoyed this course and I learned a lot of informations on animal and their welfare.
i have many new idea about how we should manage the enclosure and breeding management
really a helpful course on animal welfare.Its was very easy to understand and simple
Very good course. Nice addition to my study. Highlights all possible welfare domains
This course is fabulous. This only problem is I cannot access interactive material.
very interesting. I don't agree with some thoughts, but still, I found it worth it
Very good, but some things need updating and changing to keep up with technology.
A real help to understand and analyze a situation instead of being led by emotion
I really enjoyed the contents. More videos must be added related to zoo animals.
Very informative and easy to take in. Just felt it needed a little more 'meat'.
A good way to get your feet wet on the topic of animal behaviour and welfare!
Very informative course.It can help everyone a lot in their lives.
I really enjoyed this course. However, I finished it in four days.
good to have a knowledge about the animal welfare and their needs
Course was very informative. It also had many amazing resources!
There are a few disturbing images, but otherwise it's okay.
very interesting and informative liked it very much
An interesting course, with a lot of resources!
really fun and informative course!
Really good fun and interesting!
Really helpful and enlightening
It's fun and understandable
It's great, i recommend it.
Good enough, learned a lot
Good overview of the field
Informative and enjoyable
Thorough and interesting
Nice and intuitive.
It’s very effective
I am a Veterinary student of HSTU in Bangladesh(Asia). It was an awesome journey to all with my new teachers! I am glad to get them. That was my first course in Coursera, As I have not enough money to purchase this course, I really thank the authority to make this valuable course for free. It really helps to the persons who are financially poor enough to buy this. I have learned a lot that can't be described in a few sentences. Hope I'll able to apply it in my practical life as well as in any needs. Best wishes to all of my respective teachers. I wish if I were work with you in the future!
A Really great course which is interesting, informative and well executed. The video lectures were top notch and the visuals always suited the narration. Great work by the team behind this course.
great course thanks
This course is amazing !! You will learn the "foundations" of animal welfare and behavior which is very important to know (for everybody, not just the ones who want to work with animals!! It's a matter of humanity...)Teachers are very enthusiasts, very motivating and available for you when you need it, it's great.It is a "high quality training "!In addition, you can go to forums where you can speak with very interesting people and all the topics are fascinating and very very helpful.I really want to thank all the teachers for their time and their devotion. This formation is great.I would like to thank too for the forums, all the students of this formation and the teachers have turn forums into real additional courses that can provide you very helpful and interesting information.I recommend!Best,Victoria
Great Course, I enjoy it.
Data trumps all. Whether its understanding behavioural aspects or welfare needs of animals- right from our pets, to livestock, to wild animals, and the ones used in the entertainment or trade industries, it all stems from picking up on things that scientists, zoologists, veterinarians, animals behaviourists and handlers have spent years, if not decades, studying and documenting. As I near the completion of my first year of legal studies, this MOOC gave me a deep insight into the different research methodologies that have been utilised to better understand animals and influence legislation world over. Knowing that NALSAR University of Law, Hyderabad has started India's first Centre for Animal Law, that will create curriculum on animal welfare laws and issues in our country, leaves me hopeful for the future. To all those who have an affinity for animals, I could not suggest a better MOOC than this. To those who have pets, this course may be the eye-opener you never knew you needed.
Loved this couse! So informative and relevant, would 100% recommend! I'll definitely be able to apply my new knowledge in my day-to-day life which is exactly what I wanted. Brilliant professors, clear information, accessible deadlines, I am delighted with the entire MOOC!
More than amazing ..
The lecturers are excellent, they explain in a wonderful and uncomplicated way, the videos have provided useful information about the course in an easy way, as if you were really with them at the locations.I highly recommend it.
I have learned so much about animal welfare issues that I'm better able to articulate my own thoughts and perspectives on it. I've also used what I've learned to create a philosophical framework for my pet sitting business.
This course was very informative and interesting! I enjoyed the lectures as well as the instructors and also loved that it focused on many different kinds animal welfare issues. Definitely recommend!
Its a nicely designed course. It sheds light on many animal care practices and welfare. Very well instructions and quiz sessions are arranged. Many important learnings and takeaways from the course.
Thank all for the great opportunity to learn about Animal Behaviour and welfare. This course helped me to understand many unknown facts about animal welfare and how to work for welfare of animals.
Extremely beneficial to anybody who wants to have their questions about animal welfare answered! I have learned so much and wish to use this knowledge to improve the welfare of animals.
I've learned a lot from this course. I strongly recommend anyone interested in animal welfare and behaviour spend some time taking this course!
Very informative and well written course that is engaging and straightforward to follow. Can highly recommend to anyone with an inter
I learned a lot about animal behaviour and welfare. I am sure it will be a great part in my veterinary career
Really helped a lot to expand my knowledge and I can fix some of the mistakes I made to be a better pet owner
I learned  a lot of great information. Well done to my teachers, and thankyou!!!!  Usha Valerie Grace Bailey
Well designed, insightful, comprehensive. A great introduction into animal behaviour!
extremely informative and helpful, very straightforward to understand
Very informative and comprehensive
well labeled and taught course
This course gave me a lot of things to think about.  For example, the stereotypies exhibited by animals that have had negative experiences reminded me of how some people with autism display stereotypies in their response to sensory stimulation (either hyporeactivity or hyper-reactivity).  That might be an interesting thing to explore neurologically, but I know very little about neurology, so hopefully a specialist somewhere will make the connection.  Also, I have eleven indoor cats that I believe are in need of more interaction from me and mental stimulation in their environment.  I need to work on this.  They are all safe from the crazy drivers where I live, but I want them to have fulfilling lives.  I guess that's my conundrum:  How do my husband and I work and keep my cats happy at the same time?
I went into this course thinking it would confirm my beliefs that we shouldn't eat animals. However, I have come to learn that it's not just about the ethics - we're called to look at things from an objective view as well when considering how animal feel, think, react, or why they behave the way they do. It definitely opened my eyes to logical ways of observing and providing for animals that are being raised for foods. I still don't eat meat, but I am more at ease knowing that there are measures put in place for animal welfare based on research and data that suggests animals had a say in how they are housed / treated. I also don't feel as "emotional" or subjectively angry about these things. I'm just glad we've made progress and we're continuing to make progress!
As an A-Level student (Year 12), who is hoping to go on and study veterinary medicine, this course was very interesting and informative. Due to the Coronavirus my work experience has been put on hold so this course will provide me with a topic to discuss in my vet school interviews. Although it may seem daunting to start a course with seven weeks, I completed it in five days whilst still taking my time to make notes and fully comprehend the material. I would encourage anyone considering taking this course to do so because it will help with your understanding and view on animals which you can use in your daily life (especially if you have a pet of your own).
IF you want a better understanding of what animals of go through this course will provide you with the knowledge and realization. That you might think animals have a pretty nice life, but no. In this course we learn about there welfare needs and there five freedoms that they desire.Before I took this course I truly believed animals were living a pretty nice live, but after seeing the videos and these amazing perfessors and researches discuss and explain some of the negatives animals have to live with. I am proud to say, this course has opened my eyes to see the true and that everyday people are trying to fix the animals welfare.
The course was amazing, all the content was pertinent but also very interesting, focusing on a lot of topics that even me, as a veterinarian, never put into perspective and never actually gave such deep thought about. All the experts seems very nice and professional, they all talk very fluently with great terminology that, even though english is not my first language (Greetings from Colombia!), it wasn't difficult to understand. Thank you so much to all the experts for sharing their knowledge with us. Keep the great work!  I enjoyed the course very much and hope to see more in the future!
The course was very concise and accessible. I enjoyed the fact that there was a lot of people involved in the course, each one of them presenting their field of expertise. Sometimes a quiz-based course can be a bit dull, but the hangouts and comments let you question certain topics or practices and add depth to the discussion. I would recommend it to anyone interested in a brief, general introduction to animal behaviour and welfare (do keep in mind that it is not an animal ethics course, but the information provided can help you question or strengthen ethical positions).
Very informative and I appreciate the definitions and terms added for such a limited amount of time. Sources provided are also helpful for additional reading and the course does show that it cares for the learner to be well-informed and to be entertained because this course is also persuasive as each video of the lesson shows visually the environment on what the topic is about-- for example if it is about zoo animals they provide videos related to it and inserts slides as well to show what they are talking about which is very helpful for further understanding.
Very very informative and motivational to sensitize us towards the welfare aspects of all animals, most important is that it opens our eyes to see these animals not from our point of views but try to see their world with their eyes and its not important that what we think, more important is what we do for these sentient animals. Thank you very much for opening our eyes, making us to think in a different way, broader way and specially to sensitize us to focus on various welfare issues and giving special attention towards the BEHAVIORAL part of animal welfare.
Very helpful, well organized, eye opening course! Loved it! It made me want to study more on the subject of animal welfare and behavior.I think this course would be beneficial for everyone today, regardless of if they have animals in their life or not, as it gives a very solid perspective, demystification, and understanding of what a good animal welfare means, how to assess it and how to objectively view the problematic of animal welfare in different areas, such as pets, farm/production animals, wild animals in captivity, etc.I highly recommend this course!
What an informative course! Your Professors (all women, and which I find very impressive and inspiring) are so knowledgeable, so broad-based, as well as detail-oriented in their quest to bring animal rights to the forefront of worldwide consciousness. I would love to visit University of Edinburgh someday, I'm an alumnus of University of Montana (B.A.) and Gonzaga University (M.A., and Ph.D. candidacy). Thanks so very much for offering this most important course for free and to make it available for certification so that it can be added to any resume.
Very informative, and it helped me see aspects of everyday life that were definitely "out of sight, out of mind" as it often is with lifestock (for those not in farming or thinking about what they eat/where it comes from), wild animals in zoos and conservation sites, as well as animals used in lab testing which I had always been curious about since I work at a cancer research journal.  I'm interested in learning more and advocating for animals in any way I can while still trying not to anthropomorphize them so much (as humans are wont to do).
This is a very nice course.  Thank you so very much for it.It covers so many aspects of Animal Welfare. At the introduction, it is explained on how to have a useful discussion on such a delicate subject. With so much information and facts given, one can develop their very own opinion on this Animal Welfare.I find it very important to cover Animal Welfare for anyone, who works with any kind of animals.Alongside this course I studied Dognition and Basic Horse Management. Soon I will be starting Dairy Farm Management and Horse Nutrition.
This is a great way of getting some education on the subject. I love animals and hope to work for an animal welfare charity as my next career move. I currently work in an Aquarium but in the operations side so I hope this shows potential employers my passion on the subject. For someone that is older and unfortunately can't afford to study full time, these courses are a great way of testing the brain! Really easy to learn whilst keeping up a hectic lifestyle! Thanks Coursera, I have already signed up to The Truth about Cat's and Dogs!
This course was so much more than I expected it to be! I learnt a lot and I'm excited to put the knowledge I gained into use in my new career path. I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to know more about AW. The only downside is that a lot of the additional resources aren't accessible unless you can buy/rent the books or have access to research papers (if you're in university maybe?). But the actual course content was informative in itself. I look forward to learning from other Uni of Edinburgh animal-related courses :)
A great introduction to animal welfare! Comprehensive and option to watch previous years' livestreams :)The discussion forums seem lovely too, but I didn't use them much. But when I did open them, I saw a comprehensive post on goat and sheep care, I think, as an addition to farm animal care which was the week's topic. It was quite comprehensive and also had detailed input from someone with actual goats. I'm sure that might have been more but I didn't out much time going through it, but I would love to someday in the future :)
The course was very engaging and stimulating. The lectures were very passionate about Animal Welfare and this made it more fun and interesting. The course has also challenged me to think about certain welfare aspects I had no previous knowledge about. In addition, the additional material and optional module were interesting topics to consider and think about especially for a student like me in the veterinary field. I would like to thank all the lectures for their help and for delivering this informative course.
Five weeks in and this is one of the best courses going, This is a course every potential animal carer should take before considering 'cute' and 'expensive' just because they come with a certificate of pedigree with names one can't pronounce of prize winning ancestry. Drive past the puppy and kitten factories and go down to ones local RSPCA centre or council pound instead, you will never regret it. Rescue animals are the best because they will never forget your kindness for giving them a nice comfortable home.
A brilliant course - suitable for beginners and amateurs interested in animal behavior welfare. Every lecture is engaging, full of useful information, encouraging discussion and thirst for more info! And there's plenty of that as well - every lecture provides extra reading material, quizzes to test what you've learned and a taste at the end of every week. AND you get an extra lecture at the end. This course reiterated the things that I already new, and provided some fresh material to think about.
all round course to understand about the welfare of pets, strays, farm, and wild animals. this course has provided me with lot of knowledge and understanding of what we assume and what is it in real with the animal. being a animal activist who helps strays this course was necessary for a deep understanding of lader of aggression and how to improve the welfare of shelters, welfare principals, animal experiences, the five freedoms, care, and many more. thank you team for such a wonderful course
As a year 8 student in Middle School(junior high) This entire program was very easy to understand and showed me some key terms in Animal Behavior and Welfare. This has surely taught me well and it very much will help me with getting a job that uses this information in the future. I really enjoyed this learning experience and I'm glad to give it 5 stars as I feel it is a wonderful program! Thank you for this experience and I hope that others that do this program enjoy it as much as I do!
This course has been amazing, i have learnt a lot more about animals and their behaviors as pets, strays and in captive. i received a better opportunity to understand the animal welfare issues around the world. Few videos that were shown in this session were heart touching. The course actually showed the sour truths about how animals suffer and how miserable their lives can be if not treated well. overall this course is very interesting and suites quite well for animal lovers.
Opened my eyes to a lot of what is going on especially in the animal food industry, and animal behaviours and animal welfare that we don't consider when a visitor to a zoo or game farm.  If more of us became aware, and understood the issues as well for both the industry and the animals, new policy via populace advocacy might help even further.  It is taking too long for this, considering we live amongst animals for companions, and eat animals for survival.  WEll most of us do.
This course was an wonderful experience, as I got several new perspective about life of an animal, the parts which were distressing did add on a lot of knowledge. I have interest in knowing and studying about Animal Rights and Psychology. So if such a course could be structured. This course structure is just what it needs to be and I feel so satisfied pursuing this course. Thanks for creating the course, to all the ones who taught us the course. Huge thanks to all of you.
As someone who studies animals and trains many there were some points I wasn't quite on ball with but many I still agreed with on your reasoning. Personally I've always thought animals felt emotions (I mean how can a human feel it and not an animal if we are all animals with the same common ancestors) so I often try to read their body language to understand how they may be feeling to what we are doing. This was a good course though with some good readings and videos.
I found the course quite informative and engaging in terms of understanding the stress factors that apply to animals with human interaction. However, I wanted to know more about how QBA is quantified and how enrichment planning can be evaluated. I particularly was looking forward to understanding the welfare of captive cetaceans and how they can be improved which wasn't part of the syllabus but I shall try to extrapolate. Thank you for the enjoyable course.
This is a very good course, but unless u have some background or work in animal fields, u will find it's a little bit difficult to understand or hard to have a true feeling about what's it talking about. Actually animal welfare is a very big subject and needs long term improvement. This course needs u spend more time after class to learn and read, hope everybody enjoy it! Thank you to the trainer team to bring us such a wonderful course!
I'm about to start studying biology with an emphasis in zoology and this course was a great start! The professors were all incredibly helpful and explained everything very well. The quizzes were challenging without being stressful. I live in the States, so taking a class on animal welfare from another country really helped to expand my perspective, since I'll most likely be learning from a very US-centric perspective from here on out.
Wonderful course about animal welfare issues today and how to improve our their well-being. I have always been interested in animals and I thought I knew a lot about them. This course provided a lot of objective information about the experiences of all different species. There's still a lot to learn, but I will be recommending this course to anyone interested in understanding a little more than the basics about the welfare of animals.
I enjoyed this course greatly because it was content dense, delivered at a great pace, slides were uncluttered and easy to follow. additional information was provided that was relevant and informative. Some aspects were hard to watch [little bear calling for mum] but that is the nature of the topic. Identifying stressors and how to reduce them. Would be great if all MOOC's were as well put together.
This course is exceptionally well-created and covered many different aspects of this topic. The content was easy to understand, the instructors and interviewees were knowledgeable in their respective fields and gave many insights, and the quizzes were sufficiently challenging. Many additional readings are also available for those who want to learn more in-depth. I thoroughly enjoyed this course!
Very grateful for this course and all the information that I learnt. Animal welfare is a difficult subject since I'm vegan and an animal advocate, but it was very important to learn all these things to be a better voice for the animals. I really enjoyed weekly hangouts even though they weren't live - still a lot of insignts and useful information. I love all the teachers, thank you so much!
I can't explain how much I enjoyed this course. It's content and resources were so easily accessible and easy to understand. I am just new into the Animal industry so this was a perfect way into it. The passion the lecturers had was so plain to see and I loved that. I makes me want more. I am so happy I did this. So happy, I want to enrol on another MOOC :) THANKS EDINBURGH UNIVERSITY <3
Its a very very very interesting and most eager to watch every single video about what will be the next and then. Thank you so much for the Edinburgh University for taking much efforts to make understand the learners who are interested in this subject like me!.                                                                                                   !THANK YOU ONCE AGAIN!
This course was very interesting, insightful and often surprising. It was fascinating to learn how much the welfare challenges depend on the species and the individual circumstances and to see how different research approaches are used to identify those challenges and improve animal's living conditions. Thanks to the team for this engaging introduction to a complex topic!
Thank you so for such an informative, enlightening, and thought provoking Animal Behavior and Welfare course.  All the instructors are very engaging in their respective modules.  I have gained what I feel is a great and encouraging starting point to continue learning about the scientific study of animal behavior and welfare, the findings, and positive results produced.
I am very grateful, with all the teachers who gave their time to teach this course, I loved it and I have learned a lot, I would have liked all the videos to have subtitles in Spanish, but the rest everything was excellent, I thank the teachers And to the university that I hope to attend one day of my life, I would love it to be to study or simply to dress.
Thank you
I enjoyed this course very much. The calibre of the course teaching resources is first-rate, and the lecturers were engaging, absorbing and clearly passionate about their areas of expertise. I'd highly recommend this short course to anyone who's interesting in learning more about the welfare of animals in the EU and other countries today. Well done to all concerned.
I have learned a lot about the research performed related to animal welfare and I have new perspectives of what it is needed to be improved, not based on my beliefs, feelings or point of view, but from the animals' perspective and needs to have a better welfare. I am so exited to be able to learn more about this topic and someday work somewhere I can apply it.
This course was very informative and offered me a new insight into some of the important issues and regulations of animal welfare. As a student interested in investing my future career in the science of animal well-being, I found it very interesting and will definitely use the information I've learned here as a guide in my upcoming studies and experiences.
It sheds light on many animal care practices and welfare. Very well instructions and quiz sessions are arranged. Many important learnings and takeaways from the course.  This course was very informative and interesting! I enjoyed the lectures as well as the instructors and also loved that it focused on many different kinds animal welfare issues.
Very Professional and Informative. Will be recommending to friends and family. This should almost be a required course to take for any person who is thinking about adopting an animal, and with the educational awareness, that may play a huge role on dwindling down the number of sheltered animals every year. Thanks for putting this together guys!
It is a great course for anyone who generally interested in the subject of an animal welfare. It could be reccomended to anyone who is working with animals or thinking about this. This course is well designed and very interesting especially if it is a new subject for you. I think that it could be interesting for specialists too. I enjoyed it.
I felt this was a very informative, relatively easy introduction to animal welfare. I feel it is useful for ANYONE who loves the animals in their lives. It brings up many good thinking points, has many thought-provoking resources, and overall has the possibilities of changing or enforcing our current mindset towards animals in human care.
Some emotive subject matter was professionally presented. I learned a great deal and was surprised at just how much there was packed in to it. Very well presented and thought out taking the learner gradually through a huge array of welfare and behavioural issues. One of the best courses I have ever studied! Top notch education!
As a Pet Care manager at a boarding facility I encourage my staff to participate in a continuing education progam for rewards. I stongly encouraged them to sign up for this course. I am taking this a second time as it was extemely interesting the first time. Anyone interested in animals in general should check this out!
Informative and insightful course.So, so glad A major city in China (April 09 2020) has recognized Dogs as pets and not livestock. A REAL lifesaving change for BILLIONS of innocent Dogs. I pray that cats and ALL other animals will be given back their GOD-GIVEN right to live very, very soon WORLDWIDE.Animal Advocate
Outstanding.  I really appreciated the quality of the videos.  The ability to watch the presenters in action was useful and more fulfilling than reading through traditional slide delivery models.  The pace was spot on and material very insightful.  I feel much more prepared to continue my animal welfare journey.
The entire teaching team did an outstanding job of presenting the current knowledge of animal behavior and welfare.  I really appreciated their sense of purpose in letting everyone know about the important issues regarding the humane treatment of animals.  Thanks so much for your generosity and dedication.
This was a very informative course. It is difficult to see videos of abused animals and animals in distress but we need to see these to be aware of what is happening in the world and advocate for changes. The course does a good job of showing us videos of happy animals to counteract the disturbing images.
I am a dog trainer in the United States, and I highly valued the information I learned regarding animal welfare of all species. I am very passionate about animals and how they are treated, so this course was fine tuned to exactly what I care about. I enjoyed everything I learned here. Highly recommend!
It was a great course, good material, and it is great for begginers and advanced, since I'm more into wild animals, zoos, training and all, I just feel like it was only focusing on farm animals and just a short module on wild animals in captivity. But far from that, I'll definitely take a second part.
This course has inspired me to look at further learning on this subject. It's really well delivered and broken down into a really good balance of species and topics. A really solid, educational course, which I really enjoyed doing. Great learning platform which is easy to access - thank you for this.
Absolutely brilliant course. The pace, the information, the explanations, all very well done. I'll admit, some of the videos and images were difficult to watch, I would suggest a warning right before it is shown as to mentally prepare. However, I may be overly sensitive!  Thank you for this course!
Very informative, well put together, and just so nice to be able to take a course on this subject. Really appreciate the free courses by  Edinburgh University's Veterinary School. I've done Equine Nutrition and Do You Have What it Takes to be a Vet? I really enjoyed both of them and learned a lot.
This course is highly inspiring, it was garnishes with high quality video resources to aid students understanding, it has enlarge my scope about animal welfare, and pilot my interest in field of wildlife and production Animal welfare. Also, it has stimulate my interest in getting a pet (cat).
Loved this course.  It has really sparked my interest in learning more and building my small store of knowledge further.  Good content, interesting lecturers, varied strands within overall subject.  This is my second course run by Edinburgh University and I will certainly be looking for more.
I really enjoyed the course. The modules had a excellent content and it was easy to follow because all speakers described everything very well. I would definitely do the course again! And obviously recommend it to anyone interested in animals and understanding better their welfare issues.
I really enjoyed this course, it was an amazing learning experience and I found it very intellectually stimulating. I now know a lot more about animal welfare than I did before beginning this course, and I am very grateful to the instructors for providing such great material. Thank you!
Amazing course, I completed it in 3 days, couldn't take my eyes of it. These amazing women I got to listen and see during course, are my motivation, that maybe, one day I will have the opportunity to do something and maybe, change the world, like they do. Thank you for everything.
Thank you so much for this course even though I still have to watch others lectures (by the way I cannot open some PDF lectures and I have one of the last version of Adobe Reader on my computer, do you know why ?) Have a very good day and I hope to see you soon :) Miss Léa LEROY.
Wonderful class, gives a lot of information and points of views on how to improve animal welfare. Lessons were relevant, direct and easy to understand, a real asset to anyone in the animal welfare community or people working in animal agriculture. Great and sensitive instructors.
My major is not about agriculture, but I love this field very much. That is the reason why I spent my time with this course on Coursera. This on-demand course is very convenient for anyone who want to know more about animal agriculture. I strongly like and recommend this course.
I believe and advocate for animal welfare at all times. This course with the videos, readings and quizzes broadened my horizon on animal welfare & behaviour. After having learnt from the course I now feel more confident and aware for my stance and advocacy for what I stand for.
I think this is a wonderful course for veterinary students or others who simply want to learn more about animal welfare. As a veterinary student, I don't feel like I've learnt enough about animal welfare as part of my curriculum, so I was really happy to have found this course.
I found this course very interessting. It gives you a lot of information about animal welfare in different areas such as pets, farm animals, zoo animals and laboratory animals. It was easy to follow as the lessons were very clear and full of scientific data and real examples.
I found this course to be very stimulating and interesting,  it was well executed with lots of information in the videos and additional reading material. This course has been structured very well and the lecturers were very informative and made this topic easy to understand.
Its my first online course and i should say that this one is very good,helping,motivating.its provided me with understandable lecture and view point on welfare of animal around the world in different situation .And i thank the whole team behind this course to make it good
If you have some concerns about animals around you and welfare issues related to them this course its a such a great place to begin your pursuit of knowlegde. Every lesson its straightforward and amusing and you gonna meet great lecturers in every lesson. Highly recommend
I loved every part of this course, I have learn't so much on this course and learn't things i knew even knew about. This course really got to hooked and focused to complete this course. From information to quiz was very informative and very easy to follow and understand.
The course is very much up to date with current situations in regards animal welfare worldwide.  I fine it very informative and educational.  I am able to understand my own dogs behavior and exercise more patience and hope to become better more.  Thank you very much .
Amazing course for me. I have been debating whether or not I want to go back to school to work with animals. I decided to take this course as an introduction and it has been a great course. I learned a lot about the subject and really enjoyed the videos and readings.
Really enjoyed this course! Gave me a thorough yet simple understanding on animal welfare. I've learnt the basics through this course and its perfect for anyone starting out their animal career. I enjoyed being able to separate my emotions to the facts and research.
I very much enjoyed this course. I feel it provided just enough information to get a high over view of the animal welfare issues across farming and captivity. They provide extra reading material for those who want to dig deeper into a specific subject or topic.
GREAT course !!! Brilliant teachers, excellent learning material and the fabulous mission to improve animal welfare worldwide by MOOC education. ABSOLUTELY RECOMMENDABLE :) A HUGE THANK YOU to the UNIVERSITY OF EDINBURGH AND COURSERA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I absolutely loved this course. The instructors were clear and provided informative and practical lectures that were stimulating and thought provoking. I enjoyed the manageable video lengths and the supplementary readings were very helpful and easy to follow.
It is a very interesting and interactive course that provides extensive knowledge about animal welfare in different areas. The lessons and videos are very dynamic! Great professionals, thank you for sharing such an incredible and important knowledge with us.
This quenched my thirst for the subject to a large extent as it has increased my hunger to study more & I so wish to now visit Edinburgh & Scotland. Many thanks to the faculty & all the experts who contributed. Also a thanks to Coursera! Babul, Mumbai, India
It is really exciting to go through this course, It has exposed me several aspect of animal welfare like pets,production and captive wild animals , Now I can say I have better understanding  on animal wefare and how behaviour reflect animals feelings. Thanks
A very interesting course and a much needed one in the times that we leave...I found it very difficult not to be affected by my ethical views and emotions  but I managed to complete the course and learn a lot of new things. Thank you for making it available!
Animal Behaviour and Welfare is a comprehensive course on the topic, that deals with it in an organized, professional and ethical way and lays down the basis for solid knowledge on the topic. Congratulations to the teaching team and technical support teams.
Excellent. As a veterinary student, I found this course to be very enlightening about the subject matter.  I'm now able to implement some of what was learned about animal behaviour and welfare in my daily professional activities as well as in the classroom.
This Course is very informative and very useful for me! The materials are easy to understand. The assignments  and quizzes also enhance our knowledge and also help us to train our analytical skills. I would recommend this course to my friends. Thank you :)
This course is a great option for increasing your knowledge about veterinary and animal welfare. If you are passionate abut animals and their welfare, do not think twice about singing up! Thanks University Of Edinburgh and Coursera for this opportunity .
The instructors were very informative. The videos were easy to understand and the content in the whole course was something i care about. Took longer to finish due to limited free time recently otherwise i woulda gladly completed it in a week. Loved it.
Very good course which is useful to me for my professional knowledge about Animal behaviour and welfare.Professors also very good and they had explained the subject clearly and in understanding manner.Thanks to all course developers for free in online.
This course was very educational, and I enjoyed every minute of it. I am currently making a career change towards my passion with animals, so this was a great start! I look forward to taking more courses on here, and begin the next chapter in my life.
Every module was an eye opener. The presentation was interesting, informative and engaged critical thinking.  It enabled me to make some recommendations in our organisation to deliver a better understanding of an animal's behaviour through Ethograms.
I'm a shelter staff member in Canada and this was a great look at international welfare standards (which are funnily enough, the same as my shelter). I loved having an in-depth look at farm animals welfare since we focus so much on companion animals.
Very interesting and engaging, the length of the lectures made the course easy to follow and keep up (especially if you are making notes and trying to keep up). I would really recommend to those wishing to broaden their thinking on welfare issues.
Very interesting! I definitely learned a lot about animal welfare, especially when it comes to animals in farms (cows, pig...). Glad to have learned from people who deal with animal welfare everyday and who manage to explain it so well! Thanks!
Thank you for presenting this course.  As a pet sitter, adoption and tnr advocate, the course has given me additional knowledge about what a wide range of domestic and captive animals need to have healthy and positive experiences in daily life.
I gained an insight of the practices of animal welfare, which I had no idea at all before, but seems I want more information about the same. I have materials recommended by you to read, maybe I will learn more by then. Thanks for your efforts.
I work at a veterinary clinic and have found this course to be very informative and useful for my current career path. The knowledge I have gained from this will surely assist me in providing the best care for the animals under my supervision.
I really enjoyed this course. It is a shame that due to the updates of google chrome that some of the activities dont work anymore but i was fine with the supplied pdfs. The lecturers were very good and i loved the inclusion of their own pets
As a bird and dog trainer, I enjoyed learning about the production animals. However the class has minimal behavioral aspects aside from understanding basic behavior and body language. Overall it was a very informative class and I enjoyed it.
Very informative and gave me so much additional knowledge! This course allowed me to start a new training system at the animal shelter I work at! Very excited to apply the knowledge I learned in this course to improve our shelter even more!
I have learned so much from this course! I was so nervous going in because I knew that the information would be tough to handle, but everything was done so well that I just wanted to continue learning. Thank you for providing the knowledge!
I have had an amazing time learning about animal welfare.As a passionate person when it comes down to the welfare of animals doing this cause has been an eye opener for me.It has helped me explore new ideas and perspectives of this topic.
Such an enjoyable course! I learned many things about animal behaviour I wasn't aware of, including debunking some common myths. I would recommend this class to anyone, whether you plan on having a career in wildlife conservation or not!
Fabulous class, I've taken it twice now and really find more in each participation. This class does a great job at looking at the facts in an unbiased way and educating us in how we can improve animal welfare in a number of industries.
The course was really amazing, and i got to know many things about animal behaviour and welfare.Lastly this course increased my knowledge and i am very thankful for that to COURSERA and THE UNIVERSITY OF EDINBURGH.THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
Very informative and interesting for anyone's experience level entering into the animal welfare field!  The word formatting accompanied with the video makes it really easy to follow along and take notes. I couldn't have been happier!
Opened my eyes a lot regarding the welfare of all kinds of animals and their situations. Really sad course content, but needed to show the severity of how bad it can be for an animal, and the ways being used to stop and protect them.
Easy to follow. Very relevant content. Appreciate the attempts of the lecturers to maintain a neutral attitude despite addressing controversial topics. Felt I have learnt a lot and it has whetted my appetite to pursue this further.
Fantastic course! The course is very well structured with a lot of practical experience videos and interactive sessions which help you learn. The quizzes and forums really sets your mind going and keeps you entertained and active.
I really enjoyed this course, I liked how the information was given and forums were set up.The hangouts section I found both helpful and interesting. I would rate the Veterinary School in Edinburgh 10/10 for their online courses.
I love it  videos was informative and to the point very easy to understand and give a vast view into the behavior and welfare of so many animals  makes one think and feel a bit guilty and sad but overall it was an amazing course
The Best Ever. I am from fiji and i am happy and satisfied completing this course. I hope that one day i can work somewhere overseas probably in a zoo or a farming field where i can practice what i have learnt today. Regards.
Exceptional serious learning for ones interested in Animal welfare and studies. Awesome and credential veterans who guide along the course, thanks to all honest endeavor of all faculty from Animal Behaviour and Welfare MOOC.
I loved doing  this course .it was interesting and informative and also the lectures they have done a great job in order to bring this up this way. the lectures were also very clearly explaining all the facts  thank you..
I have learned  so much about Animal Behavior and Welfare though this course. Learning materials were really helpful to gain an in-depth  knowledge. Thank you for all the instructors who prepared and presented the course.
Very informative, learned some new things. I'm mostly around Dogs and Cats but i tell everyone i can that every animal is their own individual with their own individual needs. I'm happy to see us moving in that direction,
Exceptional course. I've learned so much, about different animals on different situations. This course will  have a great impact on my career and completely change my perception of animal welfare and how to access that.
This course has been really informative, from farm animals to wild animals it has covered everything. For anyone who cares and would like to understand animal behaviour a bit better, this course is definitely helpful.
Great materials and easy to understand video, presentation of course and information, making it easy for me to learn in a very interactive way. Thank you to the team for preparing such wonderful and excellent course!
It was a wonderful course.  It gave me great insights into animal behaviour and welfare issues that really enhanced my knowledge and experience as an animal lover. The course is well structured and comprehensive.
This was an excellent course. It was well put together, and presented in a way that kept me engaged and interested. I learned a lot and feel that I am much more well-informed on the subject of animal welfare now.
A really interesting and well delivered course. The course content was fun to learn and very manageable to get done, would recommend to anyone interested in an animal focused career or with a love of animals.
This course was very interesting and inspiring.I thank you for making available this course.I enjoyed the course and vedio and institution.It was nice to know about the different kind of animal and behaviors.
This course has had a great emotional impact on me and made me change my attitude to many things, including my diet. Thanks a lot to all professors of the University. You are doing a great and important job!
I loved it, it captured my interests, showing different points view, not making a direct point but by showing and teaching diferent opinion so we can make our own choices for the best of the animal welfare
I have multiple degrees and certificates in Animal Science and I still learned A LOT from this course. Great videos that really make you think about a wide range of animal welfare issues. Highly recommend!
TOTALLY RECOMMEND IT! I am a veterinary student and decided to take this course because I had some spare time, to my surprise, I learned SO much and I will use the knowledge learned in my school studies!
An excellent opportunity to broaden my knowledge on the topic. Has been extremely helpful in my activities as an animal rights activist in Costa Rica. Well structured, clear lessons, witty and appealing.
I loved this course because it was simple and enjoyable. I could easily finish is alongside my schooling and extra things. I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in a career with animals :)
I really enjoyed the comprehensive approach to all aspects of animal welfare, including companion, food and zoo animals.  It was also interesting to see the primarily EU perspective, as an American Vet.
I'm a recent graduate in Veterinary Medicine interested in Production Animal Welfare and I found this course motivating and clear. It has allowed me both to deepen some aspects and to review the basics.
Very educational, was a pleasure to do and had a good learning procedure in place. very motivational to complete the course too. Thank you for the opportunity to expand my knowledge and skills in life.
I'm so grateful for being able to complete this course! Thank you all for your work and developing it, may it help many more people, and may we use this knowledge to improve the lives of other animals.
Perfect! I enjoyed learning new information about animal welfare though the parts of slaughter and use of animals in testing is not very pleasant, but it's reality. Thank you very much for this course!
It is for me a very important way to understand better all the animal welfare concept, and what animal welfare scientist are doing at present and what this science need to develop for a better future.
I loved this course. I wish there were more courses about behavior, welfare and animals in general.If I ever visit Scotland I'll visit you guys! Thank you for this opportunity.Regards,Carla Romano.
Wow this was a very good course, I learned so much about animal welfare and it was fun at the same time. I truly recommend this, if you’re interested in learn about animals(: Thank you so much!!!
This was a very good course, it covered the welfare needs of the animals we have at home, the animals we eat and the animals at zoos. Now I know a lot more about the needs and rights of animals.
I volunteer with animals at a local shelter. This class is full of information that will improve an understanding of the needs of animals, or at least help develop some empathy. Wonderful class!
Fantastic course, well presented.  Easy to take at your own pace, videos allow you to pause and rewind learning at any point. Excellent content, with knowledgeable presenters.  Highly recommend
I work as a dog trainer and behaviorist and will recommend this course to all animal lovers, owners, trainers and caretakers. This was even better than i first thought it would be. LOVE IT :)
Very informative and interesting, I enjoyed every section and found them incredibly eye-opening.  I found the lecturers very knowledgeable and well versed in what they are speaking about.
Food for thought. The Animal Behaviour and Welfare course has expanded my perspective and made me reconsider many animal welfare challenges. A great course for every animal behaviourist.
very good course， the wek 5 and week 6 are a little bit difficult for me ， I learnt a lot of useful knowledge of animals and how to protect and care our animals more effectively. Thanks
Studying Animal Behaviour and Welfare has allowed me  understand animals in their perspectives than my own perspectives, This would support my diagnosis and traetment quality. Thank you
Good refresher course, enjoy the ability to see clips from the various places which really reinforced learning. Gave me a few new aspects to consider, not bad considering it is free :)
Very amazing corse, my knowledge has increase after i took this course, i have desire to apply Doctoral Degree in University of Edinburgh, i hope i have a chance to study in there :)
This course engages the viewer in many ways. I thoroughly enjoyed learning more on the subject of domesticated animals and am hoping to further my knowledge in farm animals as well.
It's a great course provided by The University of Edinburgh. It helps me to develop my knowledge of understanding of animal welfare. As a veterinary student, it helps me very much.
An excellent course, I loved every minute of it, although some parts have been "hard"...  thanks to you all it is all very interesting ! My first ...not my last course on animals!
I found this course to be very informative, well presented and very interesting. I would highly recommend taking this course to anyone interested in learning about animal welfare.
Thought provoking introduction to the complexities of animal welfare. Thoroughly enjoyed the course and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone interested in welfare issues.
Very helpful and covered a wide range of topics, this course has definitely helped me widen my knowledge on animal behaviour and welfare and will assist me with my future career.
Knowledge Transferring was very good, good information on animal welfare and on behavior part learned about pets animals, domestic and wildlife was great my favorite part it was
That´s very nice course, my focus is Poultry and I did find very useful the information that i learned in the course, Thank you Coursera and Staff of the University of Edinburgh
This class is a very learned learning. I am a veterinary student from Thailand. This is my first class studying in English. I hope that one day I will travel to Your university
High quality material offer a good insight about animal welfare problems and challenges. This course really opened my mind to a variety of topics, giving me new points of view.
Really enjoyed this course! Welfare of a variety of animals were presented and all the videos were presented clearly. Materials provided were very useful and engaging as well.
This course was very informative and is very interactive, which open up many things for me on the concept and structure of animal welfare in domestic and wildlife perspective.
I really liked this course , as a 13 year old i found it very enriching and i also likrd the tutors. I think this course will really help me in my dream job to be a zoologist
I really enjoyed this course and I learned quite a lot from the lectures and extra material resources that were provided.  The professors and speakers obviously love animals.
This course has taught me so much and has inspired me to work with animals in the near future. Defiantly recommend to everyone to learn. Very important and needed right now.
This course helped me to have better understanding on how animals perceive their welfare and well-being. Thank you for all the lectures who gave their best efforts to teach.
Really enjoyed the course, very thought provoking and loved the different types of materials available. The ability to save notes as you go through was really helpful too.
Great way to build on current knowledge of animal welfare and great to see animal welfare covered in a variety of animals from pets, farm stock and zoological collections
This course is an excellent opportunity to broaden your knowledge on the topic. The lectures are interesting and the teachers are very enthusiasts. I highly recommend it.
Excellent and accessible topics presented in a fair and easy to understand manner, with interesting coverage of some difficult moral, scientific and philosophical issues.
I am really very thankful to coursera and university of edinburgh for providing and caring on such a crucial and delicate topic. It will really help me a lot. Thank you.
This is a great course, I would love to see a undergrad course at Diploma or similar level via distance ed made available to learn more about this in greater detail.
I loved this course so much. After completing this course I got a different understanding of the way animals behave and how I can help in the welfare of the animals.
I really enjoyed all of the information that was given throughout this course! All instructors have done a great job at making sure they cover everything important.
This was an exceptional course! I really loved it, the way it was set up, and taught.I would recommend this course to anyone interested in the welfare of an animal.
This course was well presented and a lot more interesting that I thought it would be.  All presenters were great.  Loved taking the quiz at the end of each module.
Extremely enjoyable, informative and professional!!! I wasn't bored once. Excellent research and so many very interesting facts that I never knew. Thank you. Sally
This is a very nice experience for me. I would like to thank your team for this lovely 7 weeks and for your information. It was a very fun and educational program.
I learned many new things as such:The 5 freedoms, the welfare of animals, and there behavioral for different situationthank you so much for this wonderful course!
Great discussion of animal welfare, although it mostly covers practices in Europe.  The instructors stress, though, that the concept of animal welfare is global.
This is a wonderful course with great information that must be at the fingertips of every animal scientist. Privileged to have spent my few weeks in the course.
Very informative. Easy structure and I also liked being able to download the transcripts of the video modules so they could be kept for further reading later.
This was the first course I took with Coursera and I loved it ! I learnt a lot about animal welfare and I am looking forward to learn more with other courses.
Very nice and informative course! Great overview! Super to have a lot of additional material and resources! Very well done and very nice speakers! :) Thanks!
Very beneficial for anyone working with animals or even just interested in animal welfare issues. It has definitely given me some good knowledge to pass on.
Thoughtfully prepared, extremely knowledgeable instructors, wealth of information. Thank you sincerely for permitting me to take this course without a fee.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I have learnt so much and cannot wait to sign up for my next one. Thank you to the incredible team who put this together.
Excellent introduction to this topic. Good scientific basis, but pitched at a an appropriate level for a non-scientist. Would highly recommend this course.
i learned so many things I didn't know about animal welfare. I take care of dogs and I learned things about their behavior I didn't realize but made sense.
The course was well prepared and also engaging. I like the practical aspect of it. Where the instructors interact with the animals they are talking about.
More videos in the final, optional unit would have been helpful. It was an excellent course and I learnt a lot, particularly in the farm animal sections.
Learning this course has improved my knowledge on animal behaviour and welfare. I now look forward to applying this skill to my chosen career. Thank you.
Very in-depth, and provides practical examples. A definite must-learn especially for captive taxa management in both commercial and conservation fields.
Great opportunity to learn and even if used as a "refresher" for things you may have previously learnt, it is well worth the time to doFantastic course,
Good course content that is very informative, it will help me greatly in my future career choice and for my future animal management degree. Thank you!
Animal welfare issues in this course are not presented as cruelty, as they truly are, but it is very informative and science-based, which is important.
I learned so much about the welfare philosophies that are practiced across the globe! I look forward to future courses with this wonderful institution.
I'm so honoured to have gone through the Animal welfare course on Coursera. It was so enlightening and Educative. Coursers offers the best e-learning.
This course provided me with an integrated, broad and complex view of animal welfare issues based on the animal's behaviour and perception. Thank you!
Very insightful and important topic! I am thrilled that this is available. This should be a requirement for everyone who works in any setting with ani
Really nice program, although is 2020. The data given here is really updated and was think in a way people could learn the basics about animal needs.
I like the course, since I was born into a family that loved animals. I believe that this course will make a better caregiver to my animals.Thank you
I love the course. and i would recommend to all my friends who are interested in animal welfare. and give us the rest knowledge about animal welfare
Excelent course!!! It makes you a better person because more conscious.  It transform your way of understanding animal welfare.  Thank you very much
now i understood the feelings of animals they are also like us  we express by talking but they cant  we should give respect to their feelings also
I am so happy to have taken this course with some of the finest minds in Animal Welfare Research. Thank you for the opportunity to learn Coursera!
i found this  course very interesting  past it just need to know if i can obtian the certificate 
without taking test again as passed them already
I really enjoyed this course and what it taught me with animals in captivity and with pets because I have a dog and I want the best life for him.
Informative and rational. Content stayed right in line with the objectives. Clearly outlined and discussed via lectures and informative readings.
It is a wonderful course covering the broad area of animal behaviour and welfare. the examples and sessions are vivid and thoroughly explained.
I really enjoyed the course. I would have liked to have more information about the regulations in the European Union and less stats for the UK.
Great Course! I learned a lot from this course. Very informative and engaging. People interested in Animal Welfare must listen to this course.
This    course is  very important for me.. I have learnt many important topic related to animal behavior and welfare.. I am very happy.. Thank
Amazing course for people who want to work in the field of pet care to social animal welfare organisations. Thank you university of Edinburgh.
Very good course and covers many areas of animal welfare on many species.  Highly recommend to people wanting to learn more about this topic.
The course was very informative and helpful for improving my knowledge, skills and experience in my field. But l wish to learn more about it.
I learned so much about animal welfare. I think the videos were great and the information was presented in a very clear and interesting way.
Excellent education essential to all individuals involved in management pet or farm animals/birds /reptiles etc and useful for everyone else
This course was very informative and interesting. Thank you for giving me this opportunity to learn more about animals behavior and welfare.
This is a very informative course that goes in depth and teaches you to understand and identify welfare problems and come up with solutions.
Thouroughly interesting and well presented. accessible to all levels of knowledge. But it has just wheted my appetite, I want to learn more!
Great course!   In the past, I've worked on farms and in the veterinary area, and I still learned a lot from this course.  Thank you all!
From this course I have know about the animal welfare is a complex problems but we can handle this by the explanation of all this video
It is really a platform for individual like me to learn more about the welfare and behavior of animals, the human animal relationship
I enjoyed this course very much. I was considering going back to school to work with animals an this gave me an introductory lessons.
Fantastic course to do. This has given me lots of knowledge that will help in studying veterinary  medicine at University. Thank you!
Very informational! Really enjoyed it and was easy to understand and helpful for any type of animal you would come into contact with.
Really enjoyed this course, content and structure and presentation. Learned some new concepts and reinforced some existing knowledge.
Beautifully instructed in this amazing lyrics interesting and highly informative course.  Thoroughly and enthusiastically enjoyed it!
Great course, covers all the basics on the groups of animals owned worldwide, very open minded and sensitive without bias. Thank you!
This was a very interesting course, which I completed to get an idea of what I may expect in a degree in animal sciences. Thank you.
Glad to have chosen this course. Such an honourable opportunity to embrace the magnificient issue of Animal Behaviour and Welfare.
Very good course, I love ! I was afraid of dogs, but since I studied this course, my fear for dogs disappeared.Think you so much .
The course programme provides adequate knowledge to fundamentally equip a layman with understanding animal behaviour and welfare.
Brilliant and informative course. Breaking it up into sections makes this easier to learn and more interesting! Highly recommend!
I've learned a lot with this course. Everything was very well explained. All the additional material were very usefull. Thanks!
Thanks you to all the members of the Animal Behaviour and Welfare course team for providing such informative and useful course.
An excellent course which should be recommended to those interested in venturing into animal behaviour and welfare discipline!!
Awesome course. i look forward to visiting edinburg to meet the beautiful and knowledgeable teaches that taught the course....
What a wonderful piece of work put together. Couldn't be more grateful for everything that I saw and heard. THANK YOU FOR YOU!
Very informative course. If you think you're interested in animal behavior and welfare, you will be interested in this course.
This is a VERY thorough and well put together course. There is far too much I've gained from it than I can write in a review!
Absolutely loved this course.Is there any way we can have some courses on basic animal anatomy, physiology and biomechanics??
It is an excellent  course, disigned by  professionals and experts in the field, analizing and developing the subject from t
Amazing, super interactive, all the basic information is there to generate interest in the participants. I quite enjoyed it.
I loved this course. Its really given me an insight to animal welfare and made me realise its the career I want to pursue.
An amazing course that was easy to understand and allowed me to take my time to complete so it wasn't stressful in anyway.
It was fun and very instructive for me. I hope you can open new courses about animal behaviour. Thank you for everything.
Very comprehensive. The instructors are great and raise questions fundamentals to our undestanding about animal welfare.
Really interesting and I've learnt so much, enjoyed it a lot. Shown me a lot of different options for work with animals.
Very interesting class! I will be able to apply a lot of the knowledge I gained during this class to my current career.
i found this a great overview of animal welfare, i enjoyed the videos, and found the questions relevant to the content.
I was so happy to have free access to this very important and reoccurring issue regarding the welfare of our animals!
Enjoyably course, well paced, and presented with a variety of instructors, and interesting lecture and video content.
Very inspiring course, the materials are presented in an engaged manner and at the same time objective and scientific
I learned a lot in this course but I especially liked the lesson about wild animals in captivity, and dogs and cats.
This is a wonderful course and is great for anyone that works or has a desire to work with various types of animals.
very well taught and covered so many topics. thank you for teaching this course. I look forward to its next session.
An informative,easy to follow course! A great tool for people wanting to self develop in the animal welfare sector.
Incredibly engaging course with a huge array of optional additional material.  Definetly worth the time and effort.
Excellent course. Very informative and interesting. I have thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. highly recommend!
It's a very interesting course which provides lots of information about the real animal care. I truly reccommend it
Very interesting course, I learnt a lot of new concepts and it gives you a whole new perspective on animal welfare.
This is an excellent insight into animal welfare with a vast range of resources. Very professional and educational
Very informative and useful course for developing the fundamental knowledge regarding Animal Welfare and Behavior.
Great! Very informative, and what I liked the most is that it is self paced, easier on those for a full time job!
The dynamics and the accompaniment with the materials was motivating to conclude it. Excellent course. Thank you.
Thank you Coursera and Its team. I am very thankful to this site because i have really learned from this website.
i loved this course and it was so fun and easy to grasp definetly reccomend this to anyone who is ineterested xx
Really fun and engaging! I really enjoyed all the facts that I learned, it was quite a great training module.
The best course I have taken so far. I learned a lot. The creators and presenters have done a phenomenal job.
An excellent set of short lectures and resources that gave me new knowledge and insight into animal welfare.
Well guided, informative course that supplemented my learning process in objectively viewing animal welfare
Very good course, learned things which told me more about how we should approach the care we give animals.
Very informative and interesting course, highly recommend to anyone with an interest in welfare of animals
Informative, thought provoking and a good tool in understanding animal behaviour in a variety of settings.
Loved it! Well explained and organised, definitely deepened and acquired new knowledge about this matter.
Very easy to understand and very helpful in understanding the global issues of animal welfare. Thank you.
Very interesting and enriching course which approaches several themes of wel-fare and  different species.
Very informative and helped me understand and look for signs of poor welfare in the animals I work with.
Thank u for being so patient in teaching i grateful to u for all that u r to me during my course journey
very helpful and has paved way for a bright future that will have animal welfare intreast in  ones life
A very interactive and informative course for anyone who wishes to become a better human and caregiver.
It was useful and grounded in actual facts. Although some parts were saddening, they were still facts..
These are some life-changing facts that I learned in this course. and the test keeps you wanting more.
This was a great experience to learn alot about the Animals. Peof.Nat is one of my best teachers ever.
I like all the resources for learning in this course, they have been useful in my veterinary knowledge
Fantastic! I am loving every minute of it! I would highly recommend this course to anyone interrested!
Wonderful and informative course. Now, i know a lot of this science. Recommended! Amazing speakers!🌷
The course was able to open my mind to the many misconceptions I held on the welfare of wild animals.
A very good course. It really helped me to understand especially the welfare issues faced by animals.
I have known many unknown things.This course is very much helpful due to have a lot of information.
an excellent easy to follow course with fantastic information as an introduction to animal wlefare
Great! Teaches you a lot about Animal Welfare and what animals really need and want in their life.
An engaging online course. I look forward to more courses on animal behavior on specific species.
Loved it! Learned a lot about animal welfare and also sharpened my scientific thinking skill set.
Thank you very much for this course! I really enjoyed your evidence-based approach on a topic !!
This course was amazing, I learned a lot and I will continue learning in this field. Thank you.
Provided interesting perspective especially on farm animals and a world view of animal welfare.
Really helpful in understanding more of how non human animals think and feel. Very interesting.
Fantastic course. Presents different aspects for consideration when evaluating Animal Welfare.
Really interesting. Plenty of new knowledge for me.The additional material was really useful.
It's a really informative and interesting course. Thank you for such a wonderful experience.
It was a very interesting course, I learned many things about animal behaviour...Thank you!!
Very interesting course, challenging our opinions about animal welfare and pretty complete.
I enjoyed a lot this well structured and informative course on animal behaviour and welfare
Very informative and interesting! If I wasn't vegetarian before, I certainly would be now!
Excellent info, great presentations, definitely 'food for thought' in every week's topics.
Excellent course about animal behaviour and welfare, including one week on cats and dogs.
This course is very engaging and interesting for people who enjoy the subject of animals.
I wish that it would have focused more on cats/dogs/horses-- but it was really well done!
After the completion I have really come to know the real welfare issue that animals face
That's my first course on Coursera, i couldn't even imagine how interesting it would be!
Highly recommended, you learn a lot, it is entertaining and the teachers are very nice.
Thanks You from Paris for this expérience.Herbaut Julien (comportementaliste animalier)
This course has enhanced my knowledge regarding Animal Behavior and Welfare. Thank You
i like it and courgeous to study more abour animal behaviour and about their well fare
Very good course module which covers all aspect of animal welfare. Feeling positive...
Easy to follow. Informative and interesting. Talks are to the point and good examples.
The course was very comprehensive and addressed some of the most commonly seen issues
Amazing course! Through this course, I learned a lot about animal welfare. Thank you.
A very good course. Short but interesting and informative videos. Easy to carry on..
Interesting and factual lectures with varied and engaging information- great course!
A great learning experience for people who need to know the ABC's of animal welfare.
Very informative! Will definitely apply the things I have learned as a veterinarian
A fantastic starting point for anyone looking to or currently working with animals.
This is really great course and I would suggest everyone to go through. Thank you.
Very relevant and insightful content, delivered in a very straightforward manner.
Finished this course in about 9 hours. It was good and I enjoyed the instructors.
this course is so good. it taught us to see from different aspect about welfare.
Excellent course full of interesting information and given by passionate people.
Great set up and information, really easy to use and great additional resources!
Brilliant! Informative with oddles of added reading for those who require extra!
Excellent course for people that have interest in animal behaviour and welfare.
Course is interesting and engaging. It beautifully explores the animal welfare.
This is an awesome experience and a great opporunity to learn about this topic.
great MOOC that I have learned, appreciate all of the teachers and workers job.
Every man or woman should show some love and respect to animals for their need
Good course informative knowledge I gained.thank you for building this course.
Amazing lessons, I am eager to keep on learning about animal welfare.Thank you
This course is a must for everyone working with lab animals and farm animals!
Informative and interesting and practical for those of us working full time.
Very informative and interesting. Gained more knowledge through this course.
Excellent course.  Responsive mentors!  and interesting video presentations.
Exceptional- I am even applying to do the masters offered at the university.
This course tells us more about animal welfare and the problems animal face.
It was a very interesting course, a pity the interactive part doesn't work.
I learned a lot more than expected for barely any time taken out of a week!
Thank you very much for creating and maintaining this educational material.
AMAZING such a good experience, i´m so glad to have it! Thank you so much!
i really liked this course ,i think it is informative and very interesting
Excellent course, with a great variety of topics regarding animal welfare.
Easy to follow, amazing resources and all relevant information available.
The whole course was well laid out and presented in a captivating manner.
A very good introduction to the science and discussion of animal welfare
An excelent course, very complete and very well explained by instructors
Very informative and very interesting. Thank you for making this course.
Great course, really interesting, informative and sometimes eye opening.
Well made course with very good talking teachers. The course felt alive.
loved every bit of it. Every information and videos that were provided.
Great course, a lot of useful materials, and really good video content.
I help run an animal sanctuary and found this to very useful. Thank you
I enjoyed this course.  It is thought provoking as well as informative.
A very comprehensive and informative course with excellent instructors.
Very good course with a lot of complementary material and good classes.
A thorough and well presented course on all aspects of animal welfare.
Interesting, diverse and deals with compex subjects. Highly enjoyable!
So many new and interesting things to be learned. So glad I enrolled.
Do this course to better understand animal and before keeping a pet.
I didn't receive the certificate after finishing the coarse although
Excellent course! Very informative and usefull! Highly recommend it.
This course give me a new knowledge about animal welfare,Thank you.
good for who want to know and want learn more about animal welfare
Very knowledgeable course all animals information it very clearly
Very complete, enriching and interesting. Excellent explanations.
very nicely explained covering all aspects informative and useful
There was so much I didn't know and so much I didn't think about.
Excellent course content, well presented enjoyed it thoroughly !!
Informative, though-provoking and enjoyable. Excellent materials.
Excellent content, presentation and good breadth of open debate.
It was very informative and helpful to me !! Thank you Coursera
Absolutely amazing. I learned so much and enjoyed every second.
Covered wide range of topics and different animal experiences.
Excellent content that covers a broad spectrum, well presented
Wonderful course, very informative, easy to follow. Thank you!
I am much obliged to have taken this course. Very many thanks
this course brings to me a new concept in dealing with animal
I was a good start to undestand the animal welfare. Thanks!!!
good material was given , this will be quite helpfull for me
This Course was very useful to understand animals thank you.
Good comprehensive course on Animal Welfare. Would recommend
Absolutely enjoy the course fill with interesting knowledge.
I completed my course ,I did not receive my certificate yet
It's a great course for those interested in animal welfare!
The course was informative, interesting and well structured
brilliant! Thanks ladies, kept me occupied during lockdown
I am a biology teacher, so this course very useful for me.
Very usefull course as an introduction to animal welfare!
Loved this course wonderful instructors very informative.
Excellent course. It was an amazing learning experience.
Very well put together and super informative, thank you.
Excelent course with many examples of animal behaviors !
it is best course to learn about animal behavior.......
Excellent course, congratulations for this amazing job.
I totally love this course! And the teachers are great!
Amazing course! Very elucidative and pleasant to study
Very informative and encouraging. A pleasure to learn!
Enjoyed the course immensely. Thank you to the tutors.
Highly recommended for anyone who cares about animals!
very enjoyable and i have learned so much, thank you!
A highly informative and enjoyable course.Many thanks
Excellent course! I'm so glad that I took this class.
Great Course, really educational and very enjoyable!
Thanks for making such a nice and informative course
Thank you so much for the detailed wonderful course.
An excellent introduction to the Animal welfare word
I will recommand my friends for this kind of course.
I have learnt a lot from this course, thanks a lot！
Excellent , enlightening, Was very good. thank you
Absolutely loved this course and all the teachers!
Really informative course, I enjoyed it very much.
Great introduction to Animal Behaviour and wELFARE
Very interesting course, well organized. Thank you
Very nicely prepared and impressively informative
Excellent course and very informative. Thank you
I really enjoyed it! Learned so much! Thank you!
I loved enjoying this course.a very good course
Interesting courseThank you for the opportunity
A very complete and professionally run course.
Very comprehensive and resarch oriented course
Short and brief but bursting with information.
I found this very interesting and informative.
Very informative, interesting, and insightful
great course, enjoyable and very informative.
Awesome course! I’ve learned a lot of animals
Great introductory course on animal welfare.
Very enjoyable, engaging and easy to follow
Thoroughly enjoyable and informative course
Experienced a lot knowledge and many more.
Very interesting, well thought out course.
enjoyable and thought provoking, thank you
Love the thoughtfulness that went into it
It´s a really great course, I recomend it
Brilliant introduction to animal welfare.
I have learnt much on the course! thanks.
Yeah...its very interesting and useful😊
Very informative and excellent speakers.
Very clear and concise. Makes you think!
Enjoyee this course very much. Thank you
Excellent Course! Thoroughly enjoyed it.
I have learned so much from this class.
well informed and covered a large range
Very informative and detailed. Thanks!
Very good to understand animal welfare
It is very helpful for a DVM student
Great Course for the animal welfare.
highly recommend doing this course.
that was quite easy but challenging
very interesting and easy to follow
Very informative and well presented
Excellent content very well set out
Very useful and informative course
every content is great In this cou
really enjoying this course so far
Excellent professors and classes!
Thank you for the useful course!!
Really detailed and informative!
Very informative! Good overview.
Learnt a lot from this course:)
it's a very informative course.
I feel very hard but i practice
This will help you through life
I loved this course! Thank you!
Very nice course, thank you :-)
Excellent course! Many thanks.
Very good and effective course
Good course and easy to follow
Loved LOVED LOVED this class!!
Very informative and succinct.
A part of Human-Animal Studies
it was incredibly easy and fun
I give a 10/10 to this course.
so much to learn. great course
Very Insightful. I recommend.
I liked this course so much!
excellent learning materials
Much better than I expected!
Fantastic, thought-provoking
It is really a good subject
very clear and knowlegeble
Very intersting and clear.
Class sessions were awsome
Dazzling and electrifying
nice complete information
I have got to know a lot
good information session
I  loved this course!!!
Awesome  content n flow
Really enjoyable course
Great course thank you
Very Helpful and Fun!
Enjoyed very much :)
Great. Thanks a lot.
Really great course!
wonderful thank you
Thoroughly enjoyed
good, informative
Good Experience!!
super insightful!
I have completed
Very instructive
it was super fun
Great course! :)
A lot to learn.
Hey I love you.
Knowledge Full
Great course.
great thanks
Thanks ...
Enjoyed it
Love it :)
Loved it
