I didn't find the overall content of the course very well chosen for an introduction to philosophy - since it covers so little. The title of this course should have been "An Introduction to Just a Couple of Topics in Philosophy." And there are so few philosophers covered. However, the biggest problem was instructor Alasdair Richmond, whose response to debate was locking threads down every time his ideological positions were challenged. He showed himself completely inept to have a debate with more than one course participant and chose to censor a variety of viewpoints he dislikes. It was particularly ironic to see an instructor exercise censorship in a Philosophy course - a domain whose objective, after all, is the pursuit of truth as well as to ask and debate the "why" of everything! A petty tyrant does not make a good teacher.Should I ever meet anyone interested in studying Philosophy, my first recommendation to them will be stay away from the University of Edinburgh, since there is no respect for debate, freedom of expression, or inquiry there.
Content doesn't include any of the interesting aspects about philosophy and starts off in a droll. If this were my first introduction and I didn't know philosophy otherwise, instant interest kill.
The pronunciation of the lectors is more than awful! Their English is quite unsuitable for video lectures! So I quit the course. It is just a torture listening to them!
You do not know what you are getting into until you take the first class. What happen to the delete button on the class.l
The morality chapter is incredibly complicated and the lecturer makes it confusing. Wasted my money.
During lessons you don`t receive enough information to be able to pass the exams
Boring.  I want to drop this course.Thank you.
I'm trying to unenroll but I can't!
This is a very good course
this really boring :(
There is definitely something interesting about the concept of thinking about things, and some of the lecturers were able to introduce various topics in a well-rehearsed, pedagogical manner.  It was also interesting, that there were a large variety of lecturers.  However, that (in my personal opinion) was a double-edged sword, because many spoke extremely fast while using a lot of academic lingo.  For an intro course to the subject matter, such approach from several of the lecturers throughout the course definitely prevented me from optimally focusing on the material.  Majority of the slides and imagery used to supplement the speaker were not effective to overcome that issue.  As a result, I cannot say this was a particularly memorable experience, and I may be less inclined to take more MOOCs from this university, especially in this subject area.
Probably I am biased by just having followed edX's Minds and Machines.  Compared to that course, the lectures here are superficial and not very engaging.  This becomes especially striking for overlapping topics between the two courses.  Also the quizzes are way too easy and you can try until you get it right.  This makes the certificate virtually worthless, although you can pay for it.
Disappointing. It's almost an Introduction to the History of Philosophy rather than to Philosophy. We're asked to learn about the different currents & who said what, rather than to think about the topics.
Almost totally ignores the ancients. A skewed view of philosophy from an enlightenment perspective.
It seems I have failed at week three without having to ask for the answers for three questions.
Sorry, but of no real use except to people totally
Sorry but he puts me to sleep.  No emotion.
Professor reads seeing notes
I almost gave this two stars, but the content of the course is excellent, and I didn't want to take away from that. To start off, for an introductory class, this covers a large amount and variety of material. It might be better served to break it up into even smaller sections over the course of something like ten weeks or even twelve instead of cramming it all into seven weeks.The lectures are enjoyable, but often they consist of nothing but the professor speaking. There are so many new terms, definitions, and ideas being introduced that it would help if these lectures also included slides or graphs with some of these ideas being broken down, as you would have in a regular class on a projector or on a chalkboard. Frequently, the practice quizzes are just the same questions from the video lectures repeated over again, and offer very little prep for the actual quizzes, which are painfully pedantic for a non-credit course. Every section has a different style of quiz, which is hard to prepare for. I am someone who usually tests well and have been struggling with most of these, even when I read all of the handouts and take notes. So, if this same course could be broken up over a slightly longer time and the quizzes could be more uniform, the lectures contained some slides, the course would be a brilliant introduction to philosophy overall. It's got all of the meat there, the presentation just makes it tough to digest.
The course is interesting and its staff makes a great team, but I think as an introduction course, it should focus on the History of Philosophy, without entering into very specific fields of Modern Philosophy. The fundamental notions of Philosophy should be available for learners, as well as the great Philosophers from Ancient Greece to the Twentieth Century.
A good course. However, I would expect more coherence between the different modules discussed. In its current structure, the course represents a glance at an arbitrary selection of several  topics (unrelated to e, existing in today's philosophy, rather than a coherent introduction into the broad discipline of philosophy. However, this may be just a matter of approach - this approach is also perfectly valid.
Well. It really covers the basic and foundation of Philosophy. I myself, love quotes about life and all. As such, when it comes deep down to these, I didn't really enjoyed the course as much as I thought I'd. Nevertheless, this is a decent introductory course if you are looking to know a slice of Philosophy. Do take note that a lot of reference with regards to the past philosophers are introduced as well. You are basically fed with all their beliefs. But do take them as a pinch of salt. What matters the most are your thoughts and views. Keep them open!
Not that bad of a course for anyone who wants a brief overview of just some of the topics of the discipline of philosophy; the professors, for the most part, were engaging throughout the video lectures although I felt that they definitely could've done a better job with summarizing certain concepts (not dragging on the lectures with more examples/scenarios), especially for the quizzes at the end of each lesson/module. Some of the concepts are a bit hard to grasp, but then again...it's philosophy.
I felt as though this class was rather superficial although I loved the content. I felt that the women in the last  few weeks were really competent and explained their material very well. Dr. Matthew Chrisman I thought was like many who study philosophy, pretty much like a sophist, can sound super intelligent but I feel that he lacks the ability to explain properly. The questions after his section I felt were out of left field.
The course content is very superficial. The pass mark is very high for a course I had taken because of a mild interest. You have to get 80% to pass. One unit in particular was very confusing. It took me 7 attempts to pass it as I had no idea what the first question was about and there was no guidance as to what I was doing wrong.
This course outlined topics in many separate categories, but its clarity of ideas was not well communicated. Diagrams and images within videos would have been extremely useful as well. My only other critique is that Week 1 contains lessons that are extremely unnecessary and obvious. Otherwise, interesting course!
Although I greatly enjoyed the teaching in Week 5 of this course, and that part of the course alone has boosted up my rating from a 2 star rating to a 3 star one, I felt like the concepts argued were far from introductory - perhaps even pedantic for someone who was not exposed to the methodology of philosophy beforehand. Examples such as aliens made out of wood, or harping on the tiny difference between the words 'comply' and 'obey' seemed to me at least an insufficient method of explaining concepts, and until I reached week 5 I felt I didn't gain insight into the course. That said, The review assignments were great and the faculty did for their part try to cover as many diverse domains in philosophy as possible in this short duration. The week 5 modules were particularly enjoyable as they seemed to be more relatable, and with more solid arguments that a beginner could grasp more easily. I am glad to have finished this course, but I hope these small issues could be fixed in further versions of the course.
Very informative and interesting overall, I can certainly recommend it. Yet, the absence of loci to discuss ideas, asking questions, and sending feedback is a bit irritating. For example, I found an error in the tie-in book written for this course, yet found nowhere to report it. It was only through cross-checking the material that I was able to confirm it. I appreciated the selection of topics for this introduction, with the exception of the metaphysics lesson. Apparently, the time-travel thing was supposed to be a background idea to discuss metaphysical issues. However, it seems to have occupied almost the entirety of the discussion (fascinating as it may be). In that sense, it was a bit dislocated in the midst of the other lessons, which were broad outlines of major areas of contemporary philosophy. These are the two points that displeased me. I am not one for hot-headed discussions, but having nowhere to discuss complex ideas, in order to better understand them, made the experience poorer for me.
It is a very entertaining broad introduction to the topic of philosophy in general. The lecturers are very knowledgeable and are very good teachers. However, I wish there would be a more detailed treatment of the topics in question. I look forward to their future course on Philosophy of Science, as I believe that by focusing on a more narrow topic, they will be able to go a bit more in depth.
I found the course a little hard to follow mainly because the video lectures would not load. I found I spent more time trying to get the course material working than actually absorbing it.I really liked the lectures once they were working though. Its a very nice introduction to a way of thinking and the examples used to argument the theories were very entertaining.
The way of presenting topics of philosophy is refreshing and inviting for further reflection. The tests however are focusing on nitty gritty differences or features in the presented videos. Less motivating to submit the tests and invites me to focus only on the preseed video and excellent links to other extra sources.
i don't really care for different people doing this module but, i understand that there is a lot of information so it has to be broken up. Its kinda hard to keep up due to everyone's different styles. i had to actually print out the transcripts in order to understand certain topics or revise videos more than 3 times.
This course teach you how important is to have philosophical mind.The overview of what philosophy is in the first lecture is awesome. In further lectures they go into tools of philosophy and major questions and arguments for them.But you have to read the hand outs and have to work yourself through the course.
A good overall (modular) introduction to Philosophy and worth completing, but it lacks a more complete development of any of the presented topics. Definitely worth watching the lectures, but in-depth independent work and thorough readings are a must if you want to get more out of this course.
The classes were pretty good, but the bibliography was not. The bibliography consists of encyclopedia's articles which are not necessarily written to a beginner. It is quite discouraging for someone starting with philosophy to read articles which lacks a pedagogic approach.
The ideas behind certain theories were explained but the basics of how to formulate an argument and checking its validity and soundness were not given. This is what I was expecting from and introductory course.
Too complicated for those who are new to philosophy. The basic concepts not very clearly explained. It seems that teachers had the assumption that students already had some previous knowledge of philosophy.
Overall, I found the topics to be interesting, but many times the videos seemed boring as there is no coherence between the modules nor much depth as I expected into the philosophycal questions.
The course does not have much videos and some of the lecturers (especailly week 5) talk TOO FAST. The subject is abstract and hard enough and talking too fast makes it harder.
Great topics and teachers! The tests could be a little more exigent, I guess, nevertheless, it's a well built and interesting course open to anyone!
The first couple of tutors sounded interested in what they were doing and like they knew what they were saying. The rest didn't.
As an introductory course this was sufficient and provided an excellent insight into the numerous areas of philosophy.
I have a mixed feeling about it. Sometimes I felt, this course was trying to deliver more content in short time.
Some brilliant videos, but some leave much to be desired. Nice introduction but don't get too hung up on it.
There were a number of different instructors and it was great to have a taste of varying topics from them.
Interesting topics. By the way, the university’s logo on the certificate is not printed correctly.
The course gives you a basic introduction to various topics in Philosophy, but lacked depth.
The Audio recording quality of certain videos literally gave me headaches, had to skip them
The lecture is short and very informative. It is a good course. I strongly recommend it.
I liked the course topics but some of the instructors were less captivating than others
It is a good course and I loved it. But sometimes it seemed boring in few modules.
The course was interesting but overall very wide and didn't make a clear point.
It was a really enjoyable and deep course. I've got a lot to think about
An interesting overview, but I wish it had been a bit more rigorous.
Very good but it threw less light on science elated philosophy
Very basic with muddled explanations and weak examples.
Difficult to understand but interesting
Good to follow by the subs
Good food for thought
Great for what it is
too introductory
Loved the course structure. They are thought-provoking and give an idea of how to approach questions from a philosophical point of view. The most important thing was that there is no right or wrong answer, but to question and even look back to the reason behind our question.One thing which was not right was that some of the links in open access sections gave "404:Not Found". Please make sure all the links at least take us to the given study material. But nonetheless, the content is amazing.
The course itself was extremely interesting and I have walked out of it with a solid understanding of basic philosophy. I found the iPhone app to be riddled with glitches and had multiple issues where quizzes were not logged as completed which was quite frustrating.
I enjoyed this course very much.  Like many survey courses that are well-conceived, this one stimulated enthusiasm for learning more about some of the topics.  So much so in my case that I have enrolled in another course from the University of Edinburgh relating to philosophy and science.  I expect it will be equally thought provoking as its delivery involves some of the same faculty.I believe this course would be improved if there was a mechanism for constructive feedback on missed exam questions that illustrate how the questions at hand are integral and in context to the presentations and supplemental readings (some of which I pursued).  Simply referring a student back to the course outline does not assist learning when a student does not understand why a chosen answer is incorrect in context.  I realize this is a tall ask for an online course.  In my own experience as a university faculty member having developed computer assisted instruction and simulations (physiology and anesthesiology) there is no replacement for contact and conversation with an engaged teacher whose interest lies in helping people learn.  That said, I reflect that my constructive comments are made in light of my overall satisfaction that this course has succeeded in stimulating  interest in learning more about the interface and complementary nature of science and philosophy.  Borrowing a phrase from the course itself, "well done".
I expected it to be an introduction to philosophy for true beginners - for those people who have absolutely no idea about philosophy, or have never taken a philosophy course before.  Fortunately, I have previous knowledge of the branches and sub-branches of philosophy [Metaphysics (Cosmology, Ontology, Theology), Epistemology, Logic, Axiology/Value Theory (Ethics & Aesthetics), Political Philosophy, Social Philosophy, Language Philosophy], and their key concepts.  I would have called the course "Issues in Philosophy Today" because the course focused on certain concepts from almost each branch.  This course, however, gave me many insights into what kind of philosophical research is presently being conducted at universities, or at least at this university (University of Edinburgh).  The course is very well organized and easy to follow. Extra reading would be necessary for those who cannot understand some key concepts.  Thank you for offering this course for free for those of us who are interested in certain subjects for the sake of pure knowledge and interest.
It was a fantastic first online learning experience for me. What I liked about the course was that it was easy paced and did not need a daily commitment. I feel it has given me a great background to launch into further areas of my interest. I thought all the lectures were informative and well structured and explained. I had an issue with the peer assessment. I could not find the link in the first week and so I contacted the Coursera Admin and was told that it was discontinued by the University of Edinburgh. However, after doing the last assessment of Week 5 when I clicked next, I was lead to the Peer Assessment which is not too late for me to work on as I am free only during the weekends. But all in all.... for a 50+ year old guy... it was an experience that I feel is going to make a huge difference in my life.
It was a good introduction to a complex subject.  I am not sure I followed everything or found everything equally interesting.  Some of it seemed very esoteric and pointless, some of it captured my interest and imagination.  The course should really say Introduction to Western Philosophy because the whole world of Eastern Philosophy is left unexplored and unexamined. The lecturers were all very good but more of an attempt should be made to liven up the slides and use imagery or even videos to illustrate complex philosophical arguments.  I did not find the forums or course groups to be so useful because I was a lot older than most participants and so did not have the appetite to engage in endless philosophical arguments with the passion of those who are much younger !
A good introduction to the doing of philosophy, bringing in an array of theorists and ideas pertaining to philosophy. All presenters communicated clearly and concisely and were able to translate information in an understandable manner. However, updated videos with better quality software and user graphics would aid in this translation. The multiple choice question assignments were frustrating at times though, as they seemed to be constructed intentionally to be misleading or unclear to artificially ramp up the difficulty of the course. I would highly recommend more qualitative assessment in the form of academic arguments structured in essay format, similar to the final peer-reviewed assignment.
A really nice and stimulating approach to introducing philosophy. It offered the benefit of introducing the student to the way philosophers think and the type of problems they attempt to solve and, at the same time, it also gave us a good sense of how difficult of a discipline it could be. All the lecturers were pleasant, informative, and treated the material at the right level, I think. I wondered sometime about the order of the topics introduced as their seems to be some dissonance, but I am not sure I would be able to offer a solution since the approach itself almost necessitates this unseemliness. If I were to chose at the end, I would chose this approach. Thank you very much.
Pretty good introduction to different philosophy topics. Format was, for the most part, easy to understand. Only complaint about the course is that each topic is covered by a different professor, and therefore varied greatly in clarity. While most did a good job, a few were very confusing, which made completing the quizzes difficult. Also, actual philosophical texts are not read first hand, but instead the overall status of each topic is described. But, it was still a good introduction to philosophy and I would recommend to anyone who's interested in philosophy and has no background knowledge on the subject.
I think the selected topic were really interesting ones but since i´m not a scientifical backgrpund it was kind of difficult to follow some of the discussed concepts and ideas. And that was because not always these were explained from the very beginning and a lot of them were only mentioned, as it was supposed that we had to know them previously. Maybe with a little more time for the videos this would have been solved. In any case I really enjoyed it and I think it is important to have the opportunity to watch these courses and come to learn where are the stages of these matter. Thank you for the effort!
This is great introduction to philosophy. I've benefited from the different arguments about Different subjects in philosophy. Some of the subjects didn't come to my mind as being controversial or philosophical. My favourite subjects in the course our call delete that Morality, scientific theories, and “should we believe what we hear”. First chapter was a little bit difficult which talks about what is philosophy. I wish there was chapter about critical thinking and how to use arguments reach a conclusion. I found some youtube channels that clarifiedsome of the topics in this course.
A really good primer to some important questions in philosophy. The lectures are the right size, the additional reading material is meaningful and the professors are clearly experts in their respective domains. My only possible criticism would be that *some* of the lectures are a little hard to follow for non-English speakers. This is due to the introduction of new terminology/jargon, as well as the delivery of the material. This is only a minor quibble, and I would definitely recommend the course to anyone who wants to get a brief picture of the landscape of philosophy.
This is a great starting place for someone who is interested in philosophy. I am thankful to Edinburgh and all the teachers in this course for putting out his helpful resource.There are somethings that I believe could be done better. The quality, of course, varies week by week. Maybe it was only me or maybe it had to with topics but some weeks are much more engaging and helpful.If you are looking for a place to study philosophy a little seriously than this brief course will introduce you to number of key branches and questions of philosophy and notable philosophers.
The Intro to Philosophy course helps make some ways toward one's academic goals. However, as I experienced, lectures are not explicitly detailed [it denies a learner of ability to handle the problems], and it maybe why re-try is tolerated to quizzes. Lecturers are out of students reach, this creates space for loneliness and helplessness, but when one shares a problem to the Forum it may not get smashed down well [I'd to install relevant Apps for assistance]. Cousera would be great if it adds a feature for student and lecturer direct contacting/messaging.
Interesting course, though It shows me how difficult is for me to understand everything. I was difficult to follow it because the videos were too slow and sometimes I went away. besides I wanted to download the Transcriptions and sometimes it was imposible in the iPad. near the end of the course I found out that I needed to close my session on the iPad to be able to have access to my course with my laptop. It is true that I am learning English an maybe this is a hard course for me.. Or maybe it is because I am not a philosopher even If I love them.
Great lectures and nicely explained, apart from one lecture (6th - maybe it was me, not understanding the topic properly). For the future, I suggest to have more "visible" support of the lecturers; lecturers should address us directly and enage us more to interact with the content as well as our classmates.  Moreover, and I am speaking subjectivily, I found all topics very simple. To deepen my understand, I would suggest to have compulsory essays to elaborate the aquired knowledge.  Thank you for your effort!
Speakers' personality aside, the topics were great, informative, and quite a nice preliminary view on what Philosophy is and how it must be. While the topic coverage didn't really touch the slightest on what Philosophy could be, it is enough to give us a few hints on what behemoth lies beneath the surface. Take this course with a grain of salt as it may not be what you want but for those who just wanted to have a brief visit to the practice of Philosophy, this course is a good route to go to.
Thoroughly enjoyable with all the different lecturers . I related to a lot of philosophers . Made me wish i could belong to an era where i could make use of all that was learnt and discovered and theorized at that time. It was rather brief , though. I mean there's no way to explain it all an stick to the guidelines that fit the coursera code , but enjoyable none the less. Makes you really want to scratch your brain and question everything , which I personally , believe is always a good thing.
Introduction to Philosophy is an execellent course, with great professors and many interesting lectures. Regarding these, I would like to especiallty thank dr. Suilin Lavelle and professor Elinor Mason because of their incredible lectures (Minds, Brains and Computers and Do We Have Free Will and Does It Matter?, respectively).Furthermore, I must say, unfortunately, that I was a little disappointed with the discussion forums, otherwise I would have given five stars to this course.
The course provides you with an introduction to various concepts in Philosophy. I really enjoyed the course due to its multidimensional nature.  This course can be taken by anyone who have no background in philosophy . The main limitation of this course was it mostly uses lectures only. Use of visuals or animations  would have made it more easier to grasp the content. Overall the course is good and highly recommended for those interested to know themselves or the world.
A great introduction to many philosophical areas, well planned, well tested and with very good professors. The only downsides were a couple of slightly ambiguous questions (which, having just watched an hour of philosophical teaching one could easily start wondering what they technically meant) and, to utter frustration, lack of a statement of accomplishment. Nevertheless, if philosophy is of it's own right your target, it is a course well worth taking.
It is my first time doing philosophy and l will say the starting of the course was quite absurd but after watching the lesson videos over again and reading the lessons notes along side it all started to sink in.l thought l will quit the course along the way but the topics kept getting interesting and it has made me to now look and  think about everything in a much  better view. thanks Coursera and all who made this possible.
It is a simple and generic overview of some of the areas in philosophy, mostly contemporary philosophy. It allows me to explore some basic ideas and concepts without going too deep, which is great because it is what I am looking forward to in this course. Thank you professors, I appreciate your efforts in making the lecture appealing and reflective ( by visiting museums, wearing clocks/watches, visiting graves haha ). :)
This course provides a comfortable introduction to the subjects of each module. My only dissatisfaction with the course lies in its brevity; I would happily retake a future offering of the course which included not only additional modules but also further lectures on related survey topics within each module so as to acquaint students to greater breadth in historical and contemporary philosophy.
In as much as I enjoyed the course at times the dialect was difficult. However, the reason for 4 stars as opposed to 5 stars is due to a lack of ability to have receive an answer to a difficult question answered by an instructor as opposed to another class participant who necessarily did not have any better grasp of the question than myself. Given that I certainly enjoyed the course overall.
Great tasters to the field, would also be very interested in an overall schema of Philosophy and its various branches and maybe even supported by a major highlevel roadmap of key philosophers and major arguments as an overall introduction to the field for the novice (like me!), that is considering further study. Might be an opportunity as have not been able to find one as yet on the web .. ?
The course content was well-delivered and lecturers excellent. All aspects of the course were fascinating having never studied or even thought about philosophy. I qualified in engineering and work in construction  which is very different . Highly recommended as a starting point for those interested and forces you to re-think many aspects of traditional thinking. (in my case anyway)
The course has been successful in organizing my thoughts with regard to several questions on general philosophy and metaphysics particularly. I have come to understand that even today, there is no correct way of thinking. More precisely, there is no correct answer and that we are free to believe in whatever seems right after keen philosophical inspection. Thank you very much!
Everything in this course is great but I don't like it when there are so many professors teaching in different weeks. It's hard for me to get to know their teaching style. Some weeks are too easy and too hard. It's not a consistent learning flow for me. I like some of them has a summary video at the end of the week session. Some of them are really boring to watch.
For some (not obvious) reason I feel that not all major issues / problems of philosophy were covered, though I cannot point out which are missing. I do feel that the last lesson - Travel in Time - may probably be omitted from the introduction.Once again, it's just a feeling, not based on facts.Thanks anyway - I did really enjoyed the course and the lecturers.
Never loved philosophy like this before. It was really a pleasant journey which I wish to continue further down the road. I'd love to meet the super-qualified instructors personally if it was somehow possible. But for the time being thanks to Coursera for the beautiful arrangement. Glad to be a part of The University of Edinburgh's Philosophy department.
Great course touching on very interesting philosophical topics and arguments around them.Not all classes have the same level of clarity, and some of them brush past certain topics a bit too fast, but overall it's a great experience and totally worth one's time.Recommended to anyone who wants to think more about the way we think, and the world we live in.
I took this course just to listen to the lectures as an intro to the subject. One of the prof's accent was so heavy that I couldn't understand her well enough to listen to her lectures so had to skip that part. Other than that, it was enjoyable. I don't know if it was a good intro or not, complete enough or whatever... but it was generally interesting.
Course was great. I completed it at my own pace and enjoyed most subjects covered thoroughly. My favourite week was about Metaethics. I enjoyed it greatly and am continuing studying that in my spare time. The one complaint I would have is that I found it difficult to understand the lecturer covering scientific philosophy, as her accent was quite thick.
A very good introduction to major branches of Philosophy. While some questions on assignments were rather vague, and some lectures rather dull (I don't think I bothered watching the videos from the third week on... just relied on the- excellently put together!- handouts). Overall, a great course to take for a beginner to the world of Philosophy :D
Great introductory course, although somewhat short. I wish there would be more lectures, especially by prof. Michela Massimi. I will definitely take the "Philosophy and the Sciences" course, which seems to broaden some of the themes touched upon the week 6 of this MOOC. I am also looking forward for other courses by the University of Edinburgh.
Interesting overview in many of the topics in philosophy. Personal regret is I wish I had more time to dedicate to study and engagement with the faculty/peers on the discussion forums. I found it helpful that some professors posted a handout to read along. Quality of the course was as expected from a distinguished group of scholars. Thank you!
Overall, this is a very interesting and well-constructed course. My only suggestion is some practice and quiz questions are grammarly cumbersome. Sometimes it took me a very long time just to understand the question or answers. Some even feel like word games.  Hopefully, the quizzes can focus more on concepts rather than complicated details.
It is a pretty good course in understand the basics of philosophy and get a sense of what philosophy is doing. The reference materials are really great and can help you gain a deeper understanding of course materials. However, the course is more limited to introduction and does not go in-depth.A good course if you want a taste of philosophy.
A very good course introducing the different facets of key contemporary philosophical questions. Ideal for beginners and those new for the subject, as it sets a solid base for understanding and appreciating philosophy. However, one may criticize philosophy as generally being non-conclusive and impractical when it comes to real-world issues.
Excellent course, very well organized and with a good structure to support the learning process. The content and the professors are amazingly good, guiding you through the topics in an exciting and well-explained way. I enjoyed very much and for sure I recommend this for everyone who wants to get in touch with philosophy and its basis.
I liked this course because of the calmness and dedication of the teachers, the reliability of the resources and the attractive topics that were selected.Although  I must recognize that sometimes the long extension of the additional resources didn't allow me to read them all.Despite of that, the course was great and I enjoyed it.
imo it was pretty shallow, but for an introductory class, it did a good job of covering the most basic points of each topic that it explores. i enjoyed the range of areas offered, and things were explained in a way that was easily understandable. nevertheless, i felt that the quizzes could have been made slightly more difficult.
The course is great. The informatiion is objective, easy to process and good, the only bad thing about this course is that even though it has spanish subtitles  all the test are in english which makes them way to hard to resolve. If you give the option of spanish subtitles on an english curse at least translate the test too.
Two last lectures (week 6 and 7) are the most informative ones, giving a large pool of sources and information in an excellently structured way. It would be nice to expand bibliography for other lectures and add handout or transcript for week 4 because I actually was studying the materials, not watching videos. Thank you!
Excellent course.  It's a shame that the discussion forum is no longer available, as that would have been very helpful and stimulating (hence 1 star less).  Thanks to all the tutors.  I liked having a different person present each section, and, I actually did both topics for each week as I didn't want to miss out.
I've enjoyed a lot most of the lectures and the activity in the discussion forums is very interesting! I like how professors have directed this course and how it allows everyone, whatever his background is (my field is biomedical sciences), to learn about these themes. I'd definitely recommend it!
I enjoyed the Introduction to Philosophy course very much. The explanations of the concepts were easy to follow and the quizzes were well written. There was good variety with each chapter being explained by someone else. I can recommend this to anyone wanting a grasp of the field of philosophy.
I was expecting more practical philosophy topics, but instead had to go through political obligation and time travel. I wanted to know more about past philosophers and what their thoughts were on life. Well, generally, what makes life worth living and how does philosophy answer that question?
An insightful course, doing well to present the student with the basis of philosophical thinking, although it may have introduced some more advanced topics too soon while missing a few of the basics. But it provides the necessary foundations for anyone wishing to further pursue the subject.
Really exciting having so many different professors with varying styles. A very challenging course intellectually. Raises many, many provocative ideas. The tests were sometimes vaguely worded including some typos but generally a highly useful introduction to a broad, deep subject.
Good course. It covers various disciplines in philosophy (e.g. of science, of mind, ethics), with interesting presentation and discussion topics. However it doesn't feel very systematic. It feels more like a series of videos about philosophy than a holistic course at philosophy.
An exciting and worthwhile introduction to the philosophical fundamentals! While there was not as much focus on the major philosophers themselves as I was expecting, I gained a lot from this course and would recommend it to anyone interested in learning more about philosophy.
Very helpful introductory course for people who are interested in philosophy. Varied topics in each module and rich reference reading materials. The only problem I found is the lectures in some modules are too simple and not as inspiring and thought-provoking as some others.
Some lectures/topics really take a lot to absorb, which doesn't make it beginner-friendly, especially if it's to be labelled as an Introductory course. Nevertheless, it was still fun learning these concepts, though it may be hard for some to see or apply them in daily life.
Briefly covers each of some of the larger topics within philosophy; morality, the law, epistemology, philosophy of mind, etc. The lectures are fairly well done but each topic is covered by a different teacher. People already familiar with philosophy may find it a bit basic.
From an engineer perspective this was hard to see obvious value in but i enjoyed the thought provoking topics. Some of the tests were very hard and the questions were not directly form the lectures while others were. Some presenters were hard to understand due to accent.
I enjoyed this course. Curiosity about philosophy increased. contents of this course bring a new way to see philosophical arguments separately as per subjective fundamental questions. Readings will help me to conceptualized philosophical questions and arguments further.
As this is a Introduction courses, the course content that presented are fairly easy to understand for any new beginner. Is a good starting point for anyone who is intend to start to understand philosophy. Looking forward for much deeper courses for Philosophy.
a lovely introduction class. touches some of the most important philosophical fields and multiple approaches to said fields. if you are into philosophy in a beginner level, you should check this out (for the fancy steampunk clothes in week7 if nothing else)
It's my first lesson taken in Coursera. It is a good lesson but some Chinese subtitles are wrong, this make some trouble to me. I hadn't take the whole lesson, however, I think this lesson is a little boring. Nevertheless, it still a good class, UpVote!
Interesting course, gives a bird's eye view on the fundamental topics of philosophy. I'd prefer it to go deeper on some topics, like philosophy of science, but it's just an introduction and they had to cover everything in a relatively short time.
I am an Engineer, always with a curiosity for Philosophy. This is an excellent course to understand some of the basic concepts in philosophy, but the best I got is the vocabulary, the meaning of language and some historic context.Thank you.
This was a decent course for an introduction to Philosophy. The lectures and the topics were pretty thought provoking. It could have had maybe a few assignments apart from the quizes. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it and learned quite a lot.
This course really helped me in exploring the field of Philosophy on the surface level which was my objective of joining the course. I still felt that course content was  much tilted towards western culture and hence gave 4 star.
This is an excellent course but some complex topics could have been explained more like Quantum indeterminacy and the time / travel part to help the new person grasp the idea. However, its an excellent course to start with!!
Was a pleasure to study. I feel this was a satisfactory entry into the study of philosophy. I quite enjoyed the final portions in week five, particularly that of Sir Richard, and his discussion of the logic of time travel.
Everything starts with a theory before doing practical, if we think life is a practical attempt then philosophy is the theory to that life. And I learnt some interesting things in life.Thank you for providing this course.
Very informative & thought-provoking content. I personally liked module on the philosophy of mind & time travel.Truly, the contents of this course can serve as building blocks for any learner to develop his research work.
As an introduction this course seems sufficient. A small inconvenience was the impossibility to edit my peer review submission.On the certificate the signature was "Signature" in handwriting, which seems a bit silly.
It's a great introduction to the variety of philosophical topics, being introductory it just scratches the surface though. Could be made more interesting, but nonetheless a good course to get started with philosophy.
I understand it is an introductory course, but I would have appreciated more and more in-depth discussions of the topics brought up. This made me aware of some historical questions but I am eager to dig in further.
Thank you very much for this cousera.this is moving from a fixed Midwest to learning Midwest with Coursera even if I don't know sometimes,I can learn it.thats a Life change Coursera...thank u very much😊😊🥰🥰😃
Where is the course discussion forum? It definitely needs one!Why was determinism taken as granted in the lectures? It is a highly disputed topic which undermines most of the free will arguments that were shown.
Very good introduction to philosophy. The amount of work and care that was used to create this course is clearly visible in the videos with the speakers, backgrounds, video and sound quality. Thanks very much!
The course design is not well-structured because the questions embedded in the lecture may turn out  not to be in agreement with the videos.Other than that, I find this course overall enlightening and useful.
Excellent introduction to philosophy! At least in my mind. Interesting topics: free will, moral obligation in a society, etc. Good presenters with good examples and arguments/counter arguments. Very pleased.
I enjoyed this course immensely. I wanted to gain a general
idea of what the science or belief behind Philosophy was. This course gave me
just that. A  good over view of the
subjects and the ideas behind it.
Classes were interesting apart from a bit of pronunciation problem to understand the professors, I guess the course was informative and lays down a foundation for thinking about the wider problems around.
Great content, it's an eye-opener that makes me see the big spectrum of philosophical topics that are discussed during the course. I'm looking forward to learning more about philosophy and human history.
As a complete novice I struggled at times with the content and my understanding of the topics being taught, but its important to not only listen and watch the video's but to also read the extra material.
Fun, informative course that doesn't take too much time.  I would suggest it for people who are new to learning Philosophy, because it may be too simple for people with a decent knowledge of philosophy.
I gain a lot of knowledge about philosophy through this course. Until I ask myself after finishing, do I really know anything? Or I didn't know anything at all? HAHAHA! GREAT COURSE! Thank you so much!
Great course! Explained the basic concepts of philosophy in an extremely clear way. My thanks to all the professors for the lectures and for everyone responsible for this course to be available.
The course can be considered enriching and fulfilling for the curious soul. It can get monotonous at times but with firm determination one can gain a new sense of perception and thought from it.
I enjoyed the course a bit. But in middle i got stuck for some lectures which were designed in a bit difficult way to understand. Otherwise the rest of the materials were great. Learnt a Lot!
Abstract thinking and questioning of what we do know versus what is unknown to us. There isn't precise answers to everything but the exploration is what matters. Think, think and think again.
It was very interesting and of great relevance to many aspect of my fields of interest. They even had a special lecture on the philosophy of time travel that was a cherry on top of the cake!
I really like the course and contents are very interesting, but tricky sometimes to understand. Unfortunately I've got to de enroll due to new work commitment but will try and rejoin later.
Very interesting but the video ended abruptly when I was expecting a question. There appears to be no link to the next part of the course. I would have found a facility to rewind helpful.
Super good course. The course gives a birds' eye view of philosophy, various substrata of thinking within the field and really gave me a deeper understanding of what philosophy is about.
Interesting class, makes you think about possibilities which I would not have expected.  Also, great course to force you to think critically and objectively about questions and issues.
I was not too much interested in Philosophy, but I really enjoyed some parts of this course. It has been conducted in a simple way with keeping the reach content. Thank you very much!
Tremendously enjoyed presentations and content. Must say, organizational structure of course and modules were not always easy to follow. Would I recommend this course? Absolutely.
Very well done. Most of the instructors use introductory language and do not refer to advanced theories, philosophies, and philosophers with which students may not be familiar.
The course material is mostly good if a bit basic at times. If the notes went a little more in depth, or the suggested resources were a little less bulky, it would be 5 stars.
Great material, greta program and greta discussion. I really enjoyed this class and learned a lot. I recommend this to any one who wants to be challenge out of "confort zone".
Great introduction to Philosophy! I think the last couple of weeks could've been done a bit better as they're quite niche forms of philosophy but other than that it's great.
Great course, it exposed me to quite a few ideas but i only felt that we could've gone deeper into the topics. For an introductory course, it was quite informative though!
A very good introductory course for anyone. It should'nt stop just by completing it but by reviewing the content when needed. Thans a lt fot this course to all lecturers.
Great job on this course!!. It honestly stretched my critical thinking and even frustrated me greatly. Glad to pass this !!! Highly recommended for critical thinkers !!
An interesting course but I was expecting more references of
classical philosophers. I really enjoyed Michella Massimi part, very attractive
way of teaching.Thank you!
Great introduction to a field i was quite clueless about but always fascinated with. Its given me a different perspective with which i can look at the world around me
It is a brief and useful class for learning the most basic yet also most important topics in philosophy area. And it also helps  develop the critical way of thinking.
a good clear intro to the subject. Buy the book too, but may be not in kindle format. Paper format is better as flipping back and marking is easier for Philosophy.
I am compelled to maintain interest in the lectures and I have so far completed the second week.  I think it is a good class and hope that it can only get better.
A very good introduction to some of the fundamental and important ideas in philosophy, delivered in an engaging and straightforward fashion.  Highly recommended.
This course is structured around relevant contemporary topics as opposed to the history of philosophy. I truly appreciated the practical syllabus of the course.
I think that this is a very good introductory course. Does not delve too deep, but deep enough to learn something and grasp some basics. Loved Suilin's videos.
I like how I have unfluence over what areas to explore and I wasn't railroaded into a specific path just as the course explains about free will. Very fitting.
It's a great starter course for philosophy enthusiasts, the faculty does a great job in explaining the fundamental concepts of different areas of philosophy.
This course is very interesting and insightful, it quite amazing to see the different ways Philosophy is looked at, and the tutorials are very good as well.
I learned so much from this course. Now, I have a completely different perspective. Personally, I really enjoyed "Do We Have Free Will and Does It Matter?"
To learn how to think and how to hold arguments is a good beginning. But I prefer here and now philosphy (i.e. philosphy with high impact in real life).
Pretty good course. The beginning lectures were good, but then they got boring, but the last three lectures definitely peaked my interest in philosophy.
'Introduction to Philosophy' is very insightful. The fundamentals of philosophy is explained in a way which is so easy to understand. Very good program.
It was very fun and educational, some of the people where a little hard to understand but I liked the fun approach to learning and the material covered!
This is an excellent programme for students who is interested for online learning. I enjoyed this programme although this is my first online course.
It is very informative course which includes so many interesting topics. I liked the last week of this course especially the part of 'time travel'.
I found this course really interesting, learn full and it provided me with a broad knowledge about several general important aspects of Philosophy.
this is a good start for anyone interested in philosophy, but it is unfortunately too short and does not cover so much. otherwise, great course!
Very good course - I think there could be more surnames, more facts, dates and titles, but it was okay. Thank you and I am waiting for more.
Covered a variety of important philosophical topics with clear steps and consistent information directly reflected in quizzes and templates.
First I thanking for all the teachers those prepared for course of philosophy and those who try to teach for courses so thanks all of you
Raise some philosophical questions for brain storming.  However, not much direction of exploring further where philosophy should go.
Really good course for someone like me who is just getting into philosophy. Really gives a lot of perspectives into consideration!
Excellent introductory course that covers a lot of the basics.  Would have liked to learn a bit more about different philosophers.
I really like this course so far.  The Instructors do a great job in explaining the material.   I look forward to learning more..
Excellent course, the only thing that cause me troubles its the subtitules option for spanish, many times doesnt work right
Very well organized course. If you are looking for a way to get into philosophy this is definetly one of the best options.
Lots of interesting ideas, most presented very well. Hit-and-miss for some of the topics, but usually spot on. Recommended
Maybe the tests were a bit too focused on the examples used during the videos, however, it was really nice.Thanks a lot!
It would have been easier if the  video lessons had more important notes on the sides such as definitions, tables, etc
Nice introduction to the subject and I'm just taking one point off for the organisation of the material presented.
It's a great course to start the process of understanding the context on which philosophy as a subject deals with.
Very informative and interesting course. It has ignited a passion for Philosophy that will lead to further study.
great, each lecture have a different profesor, short videos with explication and hard questions in the quizzes
This course was very good for understanding intro of philosophy. If ıt had more information ıt will be better
I loved this. Very interesting and learned a lot. Loved the teaching. Wish I could have moreover like this
good amount of topics but a bit too short on each one of them, wouldve liked more full wave on each topic
very detailed and great for someone interested in the subject but very long too hard to remember it all.
Very interesting ... from the beginning, the teacher shows the pupils, to open mind and think better
It is very interesting, but very complex and abstract concepts. Sometimes it's quite hard to grasp.
Offers good resources for further research and learning. Would definitely recommend based on that.
A Great introductory course for Philosophy. Thanks to all the instructors and people responsible.
A very clear discription to the basics of philosophy - I am happy that I have joined the course!
Interesting course with interesting topics. I learned several new ways of looking at the world.
Not really for absolute beginners like me, but it was very informative and easy to understand.
i liked lectures and materials, but it's a pity that not in all lessons there is a handout((
Good course with plenty indication of additional resources if you would like to go further.
Interesting, and well worth my time...  I only give it four stars as I am kinda stingy.. ;)
Very informative and engaging. Covers a wide range of material without feeling cumbersome.
it an excellent course. i learn a lot about philosophy. and i will continue do my lecture
I was very impressed by how the subject was broken down into digestible bits. Well done.
Really great lectures on varying topics. The lessons were clear and easy to understand.
Never thought I would be interested in philosophy - that was the start of my adventure.
Overall a really nice introduction to the subject of Philosophy for beginners like me.
Very crisp introduction to popular contemporary concepts in the world of Philosophy!!
A good intro course to rewind an old knowledge or tu star up in this path of tought.
quality of lecture varied a lot - some instructors were much better than others IMO
great introduction to philosophy. The added value of the text proved very helpful.
organized lectures. A good first step for people who are interested in philosophy
it was really nice to know somethings about philosophy specially in a simple way
Wonderful journey seeking ultimate truth. Young philosophers are great assets.
Very useful as intoductionary course for the subject , i highly recommend it
Excellent course, really interesting and a great introduction to philosophy.
Compels you to think more about the things we avoid thinking of normally.
totally recommendable, of course, innovative concepts, very professional.
It was amazing, It contained the basics of a very wide area of knowledge
This course is awesome indeed, albeit it's kind of abstract at the end.
A course which provides knowledge and has importance in day to day life
I think it's a bit basic, but on the other hand it is an introduction.
A real amazing journey into philosophy. A very well structured course
The certificate is paid. It should offer a free version of some kind.
Great course to get the hang on a number of philosophical questions.
This is course is actually informational and interesting...Thnak you
I enjoyed the variety of people presenting lectures in this series.
My English and thought process was challenged, and I enjoyed it :-)
THE COURSE WAS VERY USEFUL TO MAKE SOME CLARITY ABOUT THE BASICS
Philosophy is  the master of all things , we just have to think
Useful and simple. All things that a philosophy student needs.
I thought it was very good and the instructors were excellent.
Very interesting introduction to basic concepts of Philosophy
It well satisfied me as introductory course to Philosophy.
Brilliant course to get you a head start on 'Philosophy.'
Nice content. Good to start on the world of philosophy.
Comprehensive Philosophy journey of my life. Thank you.
Student friendly and gives a new perspective of things
Really Informative course. Loved the various lecturers
Very interesting introduction to philosophical issues
very nice introductory course looking at questions of
is a very good course to start in the world of think,
Overall, love it!! Really good introduction classes.
good course, just needs to be a little more thorough
There are many more interesting themes in philosophy
I got to learn many new perspectives of philosophy
Nice introduction in basic philosophical concepts.
Well created and gives plenty of food for thought!
little repetitive.. But overall great material!!
Good course, very arbitrary chosen topics though
how will i get my certificate??? i didnt get it
Excellent course with well-structured contents.
great, perhaps the tests doesn't work very well
really enjoyed it! interdisciplinary indeed!
it makes you think and it has great teachers
Suggestive, attractive for the times being..
It is a very wonderful clan of Philosophy
Good Course to Grow and Enrich Ourselves
Very interesting and thought-provoking!
Maybe we can have new videos next time
Overall a good and balanced course.
Very good as a broad introduction.
Very well made introductory course
Some Parts were pretty confusing
very interesting, I recommend !
Simplistic but well explained.
Thanks, is a excelent course
Very good, too short though
It was really insightful.
Nice Mind Opening Course
Such a good course!
Nice intro to topic
Interesting course
helpful and brief.
Very Good Lecture
Nice teachers!!!!
Great Course 👍
Very complete
It was goos
I found this course incredibly stimulating.  A wonderfully structured introduction to European philosophy.  All modules well presented.  How lucky we are to have learning like this at our fingertips.
This course is my first ever serious attempt to know Philosophy and it has been an excellent opportunity to know about different facets of modern Philosophy. I am curious to know more now! Thanks!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and find that it encouragingly sets some directions, and of course, raises my excitement for further study into some of the different fields of philosophy. Thank you.
Great explanations that is broken down with examples for understanding. Quizzes test for your understanding of the topic rather than just the textbook explanations. Challenging and thought revoking.
Excellent program: I enjoyed specifically the opportunity of a wide range of different lecturers and their different styles, the accurate transcripts were very useful in assisting my revision and review, I enjoyed the regular tests to ensure I was assimilating all the material, choice of topics was generally very good, I liked the idea of a number of short lectures, rather than one great blockbuster, the seven week timing is also good as one can make that kind of commitment easily. The IT online delivery worked faultlessly and was easy to work with and like a Kindle, one could easily pick up where you left off which was a great time saver when you're trying to juggle study with a thousand other things.
I found the course to be of very high quality in relation to content,breadth,materials and teaching .Philosophy is a subject far removed from my previous studies and provided a huge stimulus to different thought patterns , logic and concepts. As can be seen I rate the course and the MOOC concept very highly and hugely enjoyable.It has stimulated me ,after a short break, to follow this up with further studies in this subject.Thanks to The University of Edinburgh and to Coursera accordingly.
I have only a couple weeks left. This Intro to Philosophy has been enlightening and given me much to contemplate. This was the course I had been burning to take for many years, having always been curious about philosophy. Would be great if there were a follow-up course, delving deeper into these issues. Bravo and thanks a million!
I am a veteran and have not ventured academically in to things other than direct science and technology. I neither have great scholarship in any subject not the intellect for free thinking and holding my own line of thought. Yet, it has been wonderful for me to go through the course and learn about what constitutes PHILOSOPHY as we speak in modern times. I had a whole different notion about the subject especially coming from a family background of traditionally learning class from India. It was some kind of revelation to me that none of what is dealt in philosophical subjects by many wise people from East, seems to be on the radar. I had always believed philosophy would deal with questions related to existence of man, how he must interact with other living and non-living, where does he go upon death, what is rebirth, what is religion, why do religions claim to exist for benefit of mankind and yet fight with each other and questions of this nature. I am better informed and COVID 19 lock down has helped in providing necessary time.I am profoundly grateful to all the teaching staff who have guided the course through and admire their dedication and efforts. I was teaching some aviation subjects in the Air Force as part of my job as flying instructor and know what is a good teacher. You are all too good.
This broad course on the difficult to grasp topic of Philosophy provided a great introduction to different branches of the study. The lectures were engaging and thought provoking, and the issues and dilemnas brought up really caused me to contemplate questions that I never thought of.  A few knocks on the course: first, it doesn't go in depth in any of the topics, opting for more of an arc of topics. Second, most lectures often do not reference famous philosophers and their viewpoints on the topic, though Hume and Kant are mentioned later on. That being said, as a high school freshman, the course was easy enough to grasp, and was a great use of my time.
This course is really interesting and motivating. Even though it has a very short time for a very complex subject, the different professors have made their best to give a summary which is as complete as possible, being clear and understable at the same time. I have used mainly the recommended textbook (which I recommend strongly), more than the videos, but the videos are more than enough to understand every session.If someone is looking for simple answers to complex questions, this is not the course for him/her. But if you want a quick summary of some of the main views related to different philosophical problems, and could be interested in looking for additional information through the recommended bibliography, this course could be a very good starting point.The possible drawbacks, in my view, would be:1) The lack of discussion forums.2) There is very little time for every philosophical problem. It would be really useful to widen the contents of the course using the Bibliography, mainly the online resources.
I gave this course 5 stars because the content does match the description, a general overview of the topic of Philosophy.  It introduces the student to the concepts involved with the study of and the approach to Philosophy from various topics.  It does not go into any specific philosophers very deeply, and instead focuses on the general study or overview of what is going on in the "philosophical world" as of 2013.  The course has not been updated, from what I can tell from that time. The Forums are "there" and the class is "supposed" to be live, but it did not have that feel to it.  It was more of a "study on your own" experience and yes, we have a forum area.  i found it not to be very active after the first week, (introductions were encouraged) but perhaps taking this course over the Christmas holiday (that fell in the middle of the course) was not the best time.  I am near the end of the course and have put a lot of time effort and extra reading into it, but it does not seem this will be rewarded i.e by a certificate with distinction, at least there does not seem to be active involvement to that extent.  2-3 of the lectures had "extra"videos" of the professors addressing forum questions, but I do think these were outdated or from the first run of the course (?) as they seems to be talking about topics that were not necessarily in the forums at the time.  I cannot determine that for certain, but, it was my impression.  I would HIGHLY suggest purchase of the book that goes with this course, due to week 6, when clearly the topic is not entirely covered in the notes nor the lecture (my opinion only) and the book was needed to get thru the quiz.  The professor that week had an accent and spoke very fast, and even listening in a slower speed did not seem to help much.  The book is a worthy purchase, look for it on  EBAY, or Amazon or a Used Book website.  The book does go deeper on all topics and again, especially for week 6 and it is looking like possibly week 7 as well are best studied with the book as well as notes provided by the course. Again, this is an overview course, and it is interesting.  If you are looking to study specific philosophers in depth - this is not the course.  It is the course however to take before taking others or to review or learn what is going on in the area this area of study and it did hold my interest. As others have commented the final week touches upon time travel and the professor has introduced interesting aspects that involve the philosophical in this unit.  Each week a different instructor presents information so you are switching learning styles weekly which is, I think made a more smooth transition if you actually have the book and the chapter that the instructor wrote.  I would recommend it for at least another 6 mo to a year - after that (say 2017 perhaps the lectures should be freshened up, as new information may be out there, or at least they should tape something that says, "yes this was originally taped in 2013, however the info is still on target"  or if not then add a lecture that updates the course to the latest in that area of philosophy. Overall, this being my second Coursera class I have found it to be of high quality, and worthy of my investment to obtain the certificate that is offered.  And I do thank all of the professors who participated in this collaboration, it is again, a very interesting course that I think is a "must take" course if one is to really understand what is "going on" with Philosophy.
Our mission for this module is to try and understand a little bit about what philosophy, as a subject, actually is. What makes it different from other subjects? What are its distinctive aims and methods? We'll think about two claims that are often made about philosophy: that it deals with questions that are, in some sense, fundamental; and that it deals with questions that are of some special importance. We'll also look at how philosophy is actually practiced by exploring some of the criteria philosophers bring to bear when assessing the success of philosophical arguments. Finally, we'll finish by briefly thinking about how two very influential philosophers - David Hume (1711-1776) and Immanuel Kant (1724-1804) - attempted to answer the question of how we can know whether, in any given case, there really is a right way of looking at things.

Resources

A handout for this module is here.

A large format handout for this module is here.

Assessment

In addition to the in-video quizzes, there is a short review quiz for this module's material. Also, why not take some time to introduce yourself to your coursemates on the discussion forums, and chat about the lectures from this module. Did anything not make sense? Was there anything you found especially interesting? How would you answer some of the questions raised in the lecture?

Additional Resources

There is an interesting selection of philosophers attempting to give their own definitions of philosophy at Philosophy Bites, here.

For a detailed historical survey of different conceptions of philosophy have a look at this article from the Internet Encyclopaedia of Philosophy.

Both of these are excellent resources, and well worth browsing for material relevant to the rest of the course.

If you'd like to think more about the argument concerning free will, then this Internet Encyclopaedia of Philosophy article is a good place to start.

If you would like to read more about Hume and his work have a look at this article from the Stanford Encyclopaedia of Philosophy, as well as this article from the Internet Encyclopaedia of Philosophy. Moreover, If you fancy having a go at reading some of Hume's works you can find selected texts at this page, part of Jonathan Bennett's fantastic project Early Modern Texts.

If you would like to read more about Kant and his work have a look at this article from the Stanford Encyclopaedia of Philosophy. Selected works of Kant can also be found at Early Modern Texts. Be warned, however, they can be pretty heavy going!

For a slightly more irreverent view on Hume, Kant, and the question 'Why do philosophy?' have a listen to the linked podcasts from The Partially Examined Life. Warning: contains occasional strong language!
I did some philosophy courses as part of my undergraduate degree in the late 1960's (yes!)This course not only refreshed my memory but opened a new way of learning - an approach which of itself was  educational (quite apart from the content). For example, I noticed that one of the recommended texts was Russell's "Problems of Philosophy" (published about 100 years ago? - talk about time travel.) Yet the presentations within which those problems were considered were fresh and inspiring.I would thoroughly recommend this course to anyone - young or old - who is willing to engage with ideas on a basis of interest and challenge. For whatever reasons.Full marks and fulsome praise to the lecturing staff and all who contributed to this quite wonderful piece of work. I am going now to look at "Ancient Philosophy" before I get too old.And it's free! Unbelievable!! (In a Victor Meldrew sort of voice.)
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Professors do a fantastic job surveying with you the landscape of epistemology, metaphysics, ethics, & logic. Complex topics are well illuminated with myriad excellent analogies. Lectures are supplemented by comprehensible notes, & ample first-rate bibliography.
Very informative and well organised course materials. I recommend this course to learners interested in understanding the fundamental issues in the field of philosophical enquire.
This course gives a deep insight into the different fields and schools of Philosophy that are present today, very nicely even to a complete beginner in the field. The teachers try their best to explain the arguments and problems of both sides, further giving the person better information on the grounds that each school stands. Totally recommended!
I had never taken a philosophy course before until now, as someone in my 30s. I found the course to be fascinating, and the lecturers were all great. I especially found the lecture on free will really thought-provoking. The course has really opened my mind up to new ways of thinking. Thank you!
I highly recommend this course for those individuals who would like to challenge themselves intellectually in every aspect and subject matter. This course gave me a lot of knowledge. Thank you Coursera and Thank you to the University of Edinburgh.
This is an excellent course for those who wish to perform the first dive in philosophy. The content is wonderful and the teachers are very didactic. I really enjoy my "Introduction to Philosophy"!
It is a worthwhile course that makes you reflect, it is full of complementary information and bibliography. Highly recommended.
Truly brilliant professors that make the course easy and engaging.
I feel so lucky to be living in an age that learning like this is available for free.I thought that the course was great, the topics were interesting and all the lecturers did a good job (especially as this isn't how they normally teach, so a lot of this must have been new to them too).There are only two things I'd improve if this was possible- and neither of them should detract from my rating but I hope it will be useful for the course organisers.The first is that sometimes I felt that the quizzes weren't that related to what the lecturer had been telling us- some of the questions seemed to discuss slightly different concepts to what had been taught. I don't think this is a major problem and most things could be worked out, but I think the correlation between the lessons and the quizzes should be reviewed.The second is that I think the lecturers should consider, if they update the course, that many of the people who take it will not have English as a first language. Although all the lecturers spoke well, one spoke a bit too fast in my view and another had an accent that made it hard for me to understand all of the concepts they were introducing, especially the concepts that were new to me. As I am a native speaker, if it is hard for me it might be hard for some other people too- and some of the discussion comments etc bear this out.Overall however, I just wanted to recommend the course and to thank everyone involved. It was a dream of mine to one day do a philosophy course like this, so I feel I've been given a real gift.
I decided to take this course because I've been interested in philosophy for a long time, yet studied computing and online and distance education academically. Meanwhile, I've read a lot of books on philosophy, theology and psychology over the years and always thought these would be subjects I'd study in my retirement years. So, when this current pandemic came to disrupt my usual schedule, I began by reading some books that I thought would keep me mentally active throughout this period of time. But then, I thought, wow; I've actually got the perfect opportunity to do a MOOC on some of these subjects and gain a verifiable certificate. Excellent. You don't need to have studied Philosophy at all before doing this course; it's very well presented and I've found it very clear and easy to follow. It's given me a sense of achieving something whilst I've not been able to go to work, so that has also made it absolutely worthwhile doing. I'm now feeling like I can actually fit in a more courses throughout the remaining time I have on this planet. Thank you to everyone who put this course together, I've loved it.
When I enrolled for this course, I was really just looking for a definition for the word 'philosophy'. Boy did I get more than what I bargained for!Instead of going down the usual historical path and looking at the philosophers in just chronological order, the lecturers at the University of Edinburgh have divided the topic into broad strokes, covering the big ideas (and their related writers) that have driven philosophical debate till today. They made sure every topic linked up, so we could understand materialism as the opposite of dualism, rather than in isolation from other avenues of thought. If I want to, I could definitely take my studies in philosophy much further, knowing now where to look!My only minor gripe would be the strong focus on Western philosophers and little mention of other cultural views, however, it would be unrealistic to ask for short online lectures to cover all of human thought endeavours. Hopefully other courses exist so all students can take a global approach to philosophy!
I joined this Introduction because my wife recommended it after the experience she had several years ago. Well, I started and got strongly committed. The videos, reading materials, quizzes, optional reading, and internet support were great. It was challenging my feeling of arriving to an Introduction which offered a very rich field of sources and thoughts.I managed to get the text "Philosophy for everyone" and it became important reference material for the course.  Perhaps the main difficulty that I had was going into the Forum and trying to contribute or to present ideas. At the same time, it was great to grasp the multi-diversity of people interacting. I have a project which I would like to develop. How could I share it with Coursera, in order to get your advice to implement it?  Thanks a lot to Coursera and to the University of Edinburgh for this Introduction that I will continue to develop.
I liked everything in this course. It is from my Kantianism point of personal view the very best at present. Especially the sections about time travel offering a professional collection of perspective made clear the university level philosophy is still guiding to proven and accepted and in most cases verified standpoints. There is a range or region of variation that can be used to logical falsification and other types of accepted processes. I approved my English and deepened and cleared many of my positions in philosophy. Thank You very much for the fruitful guidance. I have thanks to the course structure plenty of reasons to deepen my structure and dispute competences to make a strengthening of my philosophical professions and confessions. I am the opinion that Philosophy has still great potential and should be taught and studies to and from many more people.
The course is both interesting and well-presented.  The handouts given by some lecturers are useful for revising the concepts introduced.  The lecturers are all good at presenting their material although some use visual aids such as on-screen summaries better than others.  The in-lesson quizzes (where used) are useful to point up areas of uncertainty and the practice quizzes and review assignments are well-written and thought-provoking.  I like that the answers are explained, rather than just indicating which answer was correct.  The choice of modules was very good and I felt that my choices linked together coherently, to give me a good overview of and introduction to key philosophical concepts.  As an Edinburgh graduate, I knew that I could trust the quality of the course and I have no hesitation in awarding it five stars.
I spent an average of 2-3 hours on this course each week, enthralled by the lecturers and the fascinating topics to think about that were presented. Lectures were coherent and well-done, from my opinion. It was relatively easy if you paid attention and took your notes, but the opportunities to expand your mind were what made this course so fun! I loved Intro to Philo. A note to anyone considering taking it: They recommend participating in the discussions in the forums, and I do too. It makes it so much more fun and engaging! I regret not participating (actually responding) more, and the people in my life are a bit sick of hearing me talk about what I've been philosophizing about. So make sure you have enough time to peruse and engage in the forums on top of your coursework!
It's a great introductory course to the seemingly difficult subject philosophy. After finishing this course, I find that philosophy is indeed a quite interesting and useful subject that relates with everyday life. People who have not studied philosophy yet are actually using them everyday; some of the topics philosophy regards are quite relative to our daily life, at least it is the case for me. I think it might be better if this course can have a better category of the topics taught in it, because sometimes I am confused with what this topic is actually a philosophical subject. If I can see clearly where this specific topic is in the huge subject philosophy, it would definitely benefit me a lot for my future study and research!
Excellent introduction to an incredibly broad field. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in, or vaguely familiar with philosophy. I would also recommend this course to people wanting to brush up on a few things, as it goes over matters at a reasonable pace and thus allows one to get into the themes. Lastly, I would like to say that it's great to see such a new topic (relative to most of the classical philosophical themes) as Testimony in an introduction course. It arguably belongs in the (somewhat) new sub field of Social Epistemology and new research in this area allows philosophers to see original contributions from Reid, Hume and others in a new and modern light.
I've enjoyed this course greatly, and look forward to delve further into philosophy. I loved all of the talks by all the lecturers, and found their follow-up videos to be particularly helpful. Unfortunately, that also meant that there was no forum to access and discuss the questions posed by the lectures with other people taking the course, which I believe would have helped to hone my argumentative skills, which I believe is necessary to have (and further develop and enhance), when learning about philosophy.Thank you very much for this amazing course. If you could introduce more philosophy courses (particularly ones that are more advanced and in depth), that would be great!
It is an enriching experience. This was my first ever attempt in understanding certain nuances of philosophy. The course got my mind blown as it changed my way of looking at things. Before taking this course, I had assumed certain things to be too obvious to be true. The array of examples and schools of different thoughts assimilated in the videos have made the whole learning experience more edifying. I don't know how much of this knowledge will I be able to retain. Initially, I had doubts over taking this course as I had no clue of what it will unfold but turns out that it was a correct decision. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to everyone behind this course.
If you are going to study philosophy online , do google" Coursera " platform and pick up "Introduction to philosophy " course .As a senior  teacher of humanistic subjects at one of the best lycees in Poland I have to express my gratitude  and  thanks to the   lecturers and workers of University of Edinburgh for their  thorough expertise , the  high level of  professionalism and total dedication. Studying at University of Edinburgh has been a delightful experience.I do hope I will continue to pick up postgraduate studies over there. So please , do not hesitate to pursue your education with the  fantastic team of excellent philosophers inEdinburgh.
I have really enjoyed this course and it has motivated me to learn more. I particularly liked the course as it showed us philosophy itself rather than a reiterated history of philosophy which is usual. It gave us hands on experience of problems and questions being asked.The accompanying book has also been of great value to me. It enabled me to read the lectures before listening to them and will be a useful handbook to keep me in touch with the issues covered. The questions and further reading at the end of each chapter is also of great value to me.A big thank you to all the team. I have been totally absorbed by the course.
I found this course immensely mentally stimulating, and tailored well to those of us who are new to philosophy. I found the weeks that covered the philosophy of mind and the philosophy of time-travel to be particularly engaging and mind-expanding for me. I feel like this course has really opened the door to help me further explore in more depth the philosophical ideas that it provided me a guided introduction to. I would love to see other, more specialized philosophy courses offered on Coursera that cover the topics discussed in week 3, week 4, week 5, week 6 and week 7 individually in more depth in separate courses!
This course provides a good and solid foundation for understanding what philosophy is, how it works, why we should philosophise, and, some of the major questions that philosophy continues to analyse today.My main interests in philosophy would be: the philosophy of Science and the philosophy of Religion.  I'd like to learn why we believe what we believe.I'd recommend this course to anyone that seeks to understand what is philosophy and how we do philosophy.Thanks to The University of Edinburgh, to Coursera, the professors, and all those who made this course available free of charge.Cheers.
I took this course purely out of self-interest, because as a college student pursuing an engineering degree, my subjects tend to be more technical oriented, and a tab bit dry. This entire course, from start to finish, was nothing short of amazing. Each teacher taught their material with vigorous passion, and the topics covered were both interesting and educative. They were thoroughly explained but easy to understand, and overall, I would, with complete and utter certainty, do a course by this University again in a heartbeat. Thank you to all the teachers, for being so passionate.
I really needed answers to some questions about life about equality, justice, empathy, morality, etc. After finishing this course I still do not have the answers, but I feel I am in a better position to read and think more about these questions. These questions are not just for academic interest. I feel it is difficult to along in life without some answers about these fundamental aspects of our day to day life. Philosophy should be a part of our school curriculum. I really appreciate the way it has been taught in this course and the dedication of the teachers to their subject.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking part in this course. The modules covered a multitude of diverse branches of philosophy which helped me to broaden my knowledge of the subject overall and the lecturers were incredibly helpful in explaining simply, and with useful examples, new information. The course has further deepened my love for the subject and the platforms of assessment were challenging, but did not feel labourly. I would without a doubt recommend anybody, regardless of former experience of the subject, to partake in this course and I am highly glad to have had the experience.
I am a novice to philosophy and concepts of it but I was always intrigued by philosophy although I viewed it as something abstract, undefinable in definite terms unlike science and engineering that years of education and experience ingrained in me.  This course has cleared many of my misgivings and gave a solid foundation of introduction to philosophy and has piqued my interest to pursue this further, now more as a subject of interest than a curious hobby.  Thanks to the exceptional videos put together by a gifted faculty.  Kudos to Coursera and the University of Edinburgh.
My name is Marly Balderrama, I am a Licenciatura student of Letras-Portugues here in São Paulo. This was my first contact with PHILOSOPHY, I am delighted with the Course. I thought it was difficult for me, and it was. I had to read and warm my brain to understand, understand many teachings that our mind is not aware of the details of life. Only by studying Philosophy that, with this discipline and through its definitions, defined and indefinite, concrete or abstract, allowed me to enter this concept of really studying everything in this life. You know what, I loved it.
It was my very first course in Philosophy. Although my background is on electromagnetism and its application to various computer-based designs this course strengthened my view on social life and changed my way of looking at things are not yet revealed by science. Navigating through the concepts of philosophy from notions related to epistemology to concepts related to mind and free will intrigued my curiosity and spirit of continuous learning, by projecting myself to the reality I always sensed it and experienced it but never consciously acknowledged its source.
I've always loved Philosophy and thinking how to think/thinking as a whole. On top of that, in my real-life university, I double major in something else, so I don't have enough credits to take Philosophy on as a minor or a major. I'm so glad I have a chance like this to take on such a broad range of topics. This module is very, very ideal for those new to Philosophy, especially since it essentially functions as an exposure mod as you enter Philo with a broad range of topics. You can essentially choose what you're interested in to go more in-depth with it.
A nice and flexible course, in which you can explore the wide range of possibilities from the minimum basic level of subject to studying all the additional material and problematics. Rather interesting functional approach to the structure of philosophical knowledge. For the foreigners (as I am) the English is quite understandable (It is subtitled, but the subtitles are not necessary if you are above B2 / IELTS 7.0 level) and at the same time sufficiently sophisticated to acquire also some useful listening practice for academic IELTS / PTE Academic tests.
Amazing introduction to the basics of philosophy - I wish I had such in university or at some other early point. It shows you breadth, scope and problems philosophy deals with. Course tries to maintain simplicity and clarity of explanations even for very complex things and this is exactly what you need for a subject which is normally deemed too complex for beginners or gives an explanations which for uninitiated do not add clarity and rather raise even more questions.Loads of fun and topics which may make you think more and induce your curiosity.
This is by far the best course i've taken online . As a student of science I've always found philosophy to be very compelling . I was always interested in philosophy  but I didn't want to change disciplines . I didn't have high expectations of this course but at the end I really got impressed  of the amount of knowledge I'd accumulated along the way.  This course touches on lots of subjects and teaches lots of valuable philosophical materials . This course improved my insight and fueled my interest for philosophy .I recommend  this to everyone .
I must say its a wonderfully helpful short course for beginners. The best thing about this course to my understanding is that:Its made easy for all those who want to study philosophyIts modules are well wittingly selected to make such an enticing introductory course for all those who have rather a cynical opinion about philosophy as science or subjectand the free access to those reading materials and websitesI enjoyed truly every bit and parts of the this introduction to philosophy by the institute for which I will be evergrateful.
Great packed course talking about basics. The supplementary reading was really helpful in detailing out the concepts. The topic is something that is not taught as a regular course ins school or college and hence a lot of us have skipped it. I would urge a bunch of us to try the course. The university faculty did a good compilation on every topic.I do have a couple of feedbacks. One is around discussing moral ethics in slightly more details. The other one interesting pedagogy would be to have open discussions around topical issues.
Great course to introduce non-professionals/beginners into major fields or topics of philosophy. Excellent quality of lessons: teachers were always good to understand, even for non-native speakers, and eager to get across main themes to disciples inexperienced in philosophical studies. Only critique: difficulty levels of exams could have been more evenly balanced.I can only recommend this course to anyone interested in the study of philosophy; great job by the University of Edinburgh and its staff for organizing this on Coursera.
I loved the course, I've been reading, for many years, about economics, models of economics, Marx, Mises, Hegel, Hayek, anyway, suddenly, unintentionally I watched a documentary of classical Greek philosophy and began to think differently about of things; I started reading about moral philosophy, political philosophy, philosophy of science, theory of knowledge, in short, I decided to make the course and I see it as a beginning to continue preparing in philosophy. As an academic, I have changed the focus of my classes in college.
Having some unexpected time on my hands, I took the opportunity to explore a subject that I have had no previous experience of.  I found this course liberating and took to it enthusiastically.  Having spent over 40 years outside of the academic environment some of the concepts took some effort to understand, but the additional reading material helped to provide further clarity.  I now find that I am thinking more clearly on most aspects of my life and would highly recommend this course to anyone looking to challenge themselves.
Thank you for putting together the information that kept me learning and away from the Corona Virus madness.  I thoroughly enjoyed every lecturer and thank the Philosophy Department in Edinburgh for providing me the opportunity to listen and see you in my monitor.  At 54 years old, your blessings have enlightened my way of thinking, and certainly today I might say, I have risen my level to what the first lecture establishes:  Philosophy is a better way of thinking about things....  Gratefully yours,  Francisco San Miguel
I've found this course interesting and engaging, as well as its lecturers. What I've appreciated most is the way as the course has been developed; questions for every single part of the lesson help the learner to reflect if the bulk of what you heard has been well understood; it's like when at school you raise your hand asking an explanation. In my opinion, I'd increase these moments of reflexion. Tests at the end of every single week allow the students to deepen into the topic. Congratulations to all.
There is a lot in the Indian Philosophy but it revolves around existence of God. Provided we accept this, the other dimensions of thoughts in Philosophy, should be added in the course content. The different theories are nonetheless very abstract ideas, at least from point of view of a person who generally studies technology, like me. So I think that must also be studied and added in the course content. The course was really enjoyable and enlightening. Thanks coursera and all professors. Thanks again.
The course renders us an insight into philosophy by introducing several branches of contemporary philosophy with some mainstream ideas and arguements, and amazingly in a clear and concise way.  And many philosophical questions haven't any clear answer so that we have to think them ourselves(the start of philosophical thinking!), yet with these ideas introduced we are more targeted. Also the extra readings are really helpful and enlightening. Thanks for all your hard work to present us the course.
I imagine it must be very difficult to decide on the right level of challenge for random participants but this was gauged perfectly.  The  lectures were not over simplified and introduced often difficult concepts in an accessible but grown up way.  Every lecturer was engaging and clearly fired up about their particular field. I personally found that reading the transcripts before each lecture really helped me to achieve a little familiarity with each topic before I listened to the lecture.
A great introductory course on philosophy. It is designed and organized in a pretty scholarly manner which makes it accessible to everyone providing a clear and simple understanding of the subject. Nonetheless, I must say that this is a fairly short course, there is much more that could be added into it—such as thoughts of contemporary(20th century) philosophers. I highly recommend this to the newbies; it should provide them with an academic-like head start in the realm of philosophy.
The introduction to philosophy has been a great course. I enjoyed all of the instructors. It was extremely informative, every week I learned new terms and discovered new things to share with my significant other. All that I learned and shared with him lead to lively debates. Most importantly I gained a greater understanding of philosophy, its history and the schools of thoughts that are in philosophy and best of all it has given me a thirst to really examine how I choose to think.
I truly enjoyed completing this course! I did not believe that my brain was wired to understand the complexities, let alone the  language and terminologies used in this particular area of learning. I suppose that I surprised myself. Perhaps on a personal note, I should ensure adequate Internet reception and connection at all times - being disconnected or having to reload pages continuously has proven highly frustrating. Thanks, for making International learning possible!
I like this course a lot and have spent several days following all the lectures, for a feeling that  the whole course is formulated not with a historical/overwhelmed view but aims to inspire a true interest in the ways of thinking. A discursive thought path and I've really enjoyed it. Thank you for your sharing knowledge and kind design. Besides, the materials for independent learning are good guide! At least, I know where to find trustworthy information. THANKS!
This was my very first time doing philosophy, yet everything was clearly presented and well explained by the professors for each topic. This course has definitely motivated me to further explore philosophy and also made me question some of the usual daily life situations. I want to thank all the lecturers that have participated in the creation of this course and encourage other students, who are new to philosophy just as I once was, to take part in this course.
This was my first MOOC course that I completed successfully. It will inspire me to take more. I am an engineer and I joined this course to improve my clarity of thinking. At the very beginning the instructor Dave's definition of philosophy as the activity of working out the best way to think about things caught my interest and I learned a lot about common topics but in an intellectual way. To all the instructors and forum moderators of this course, thank you!
An immensely important course to be taken, irrespective of one's core area of studies and expertise to be able to, as professor Dave Wards puts it, occasionally step back and ask questions about fundamentals of subject matter that one is engaged in to somehow not only actually justify actions arising out of the subject matter but to also fulfill intellectual craving that defines the true spirit in acquiring knowledge if it could be acquired at all.
Very good course, Offers insights from various domains of Philosophy, which one doesn't go in usually. And ends up discovering that there are in fact various ways to look at this subject which is an essential tool for living and constant improving our quality of life.The University of Edinburgh has structured this course well, and the faculties, bright and deep in their domains makes you understand the contents more easily then they are. Thank you.
I have learnt about a number of fundamental topics in philosophy through lectures and materials. I have also been able to test my knowledge via practice questions and quizzes. Finally, I have conducted my own research and engaged in philosophical analysis for the final essay assignment, as well as evaluated my peers' submissions. Of particular interest and impact to me were the topics of Morality, Law, Knowledge and Testimony. Thanks, @Edinburgh.
A very insightful course to initiate the understanding about Philosophy.Philosophy is related to each and every situation and decison we make.And this is the course which tries to put some seeds in the brain to think broader and helps to create a better process of looking at thing/situationsAll the instructer have a very deep understanding about the subject and helped alot in making and initial study through their effective teaching styles.
Finally, a free online course WORTH TAKING! I found this course pretty difficult, but in a really satisfying way- I felt like I was genuinely learning something new and hard in every lecture, yet it was all so well explained. Great lecturers, and great tests that you really have to focus on in order to pass. It's refreshing to do an online course that isn't 'stupidly simple'. This is hard but you'll enjoy it a lot :) Recommend to everyone!
Couldn't have asked for a better introduction to Philosophy. The handouts and videos matched very well and gave option for different styles of learning. The text book (Philosophy for everyone) I bought on Amazon was also very interesting for extra reading and I can refer to that when learning more about Philosophy. Perfect amount of options for how much detail I wanted to learn and plenty of resources for me to check out in my spare time.
I found it to be interesting and informative. I had had a interest in Philosophy for a long long time. I'm in accounting and finance so have never had much of a chance to pursue my other interests. I now have the time during Covid-19 to pursue my interests. Would I be interested in taking more classes on Philosophy. Not really.But it was well done and the moderators were all very good but I especially liked the last one on Time Travel.
This course is an introduction to the topics that philosophers are
talking about. It addresses, for instance, questions about the nature of
knowledge, morality, philosophy
of science, etc. It emphasizes on Scottish philosopher David Hume, but it does
not omit other philosophical traditions on the topic they aboard. I strongly recommend
it for those who are interested in developing philosophical curiosity about
some specific topics.
This course is a great start to induce thinking about things around us. It is very mind provoking course that  opens wide room of discussion concerning  something we might simply take for granted in life. It also challenges the very essence of dogmatic belief or even scientific 'fact' that seems at first glance satisfies our senses but not an inquisitive mind. A highly recommended and intellectually enjoyable course.
I found this course very interesting, informative, and engaging. The instructors and lectures are interesting, and the topics covered are fascinating. The quizzes cover the most important concepts of the course without being unnecessarily difficult. I have recommended this course more than once already, and would do so again. If I found that another course were created to follow this one, I would definitely take it.
I always have tried to observe the world in a scientific way
but this time I have removed my science goggles and started to learn about how to
observe the world and our lives through Philosophy. And found that science and Philosophy is vastly related to each other. The
Amazing thing about Philosophy is that even you can create reasoning and
theories just sitting and thinking on your armchair. Well decorated course.
It was truly amazing. Thank you so much to the professors, to the university of Edienburgh .I really loved the way they explained everything. After taking this course my view to look things changed a lot. my thought are different now. I am sad also that this course ended but truly it was amazing .Thank you so much to Cousera team for providing such a great platform to everyone. ITs changing peoples life.
It is an excellent course for anyone interested in knowing more about philosophy and philosophical questions. The lectures are short and very informative! I would highly recommend this course.After the first week, there are two different threads, I chose Epistemology and Science of Mind, and they were awesome. The team of professors and researchers did a fantastic job on the lectures and the quizzes.
This course gets you on the right track to understanding philosophy. It explores several interesting topics and provides reading material for anyone who wants to take a deeper dive into these subjects. I like the course's flexibility, progression and guidance. The videos provide clear information on introductory ideas, arguments and their explanations in particular areas of the philosophical realm.
It was hard to understand at first, it can get on your nerves. Lot's of reading here and there but if you do read, you will understand the instructors point. One of the best philosophy MOOCS out there. I've learned a lot of philosophy given that I have been introduced to philosophy for a couple of times. Materials are worth revisiting if you are the type who is curious and wants to re-learn again.
It touched lots of the topics in what is called philosophy; however it didn't go any further on any of the topics...i expected to learn some of basic terms of fundamental concepts of this subject, this cause certainly doesn't go that further. With all this having said, this is still a very good cause in terms of how it was prepared and presented, I like most of the lecture and lecturers very much.
Very good teaching strategy. Takes you through ideas and gives you examples. Has a couple of questions each video to keep your attention. It is a very interesting subject, even if the teaching was bad, but the lectures add even more by taking their time with concepts. Keep doing what you're doing. I would take other courses by this school if they were similarly designed. Thank you.
This is a really engaging course that discussed several interesting old and recent questions in philosophy. One really great thing about it is that each week you have an option of doing one or both out of two different topics, based on your interest — and there's something for everyone. But the topics and presentation are so interesting that you'll probably do all of them anyway!
I enjoyed the presenters/lecturers. The material was deep enough to be engaging and shallow enough to cover a broad range of topics that are clearly very deep and complex. For this reason, it was a very good introduction course. it introduced me to the sorts of topics, discussions and skills that would be required if "following" philosophy and "doing" philosophy in more depth.
This course was amazing! It covers fundamental philosophical questions that are even applicable to our current lives and issues surrounding it. Moreover, one senses that the lecturers present various viewpoints with adequate ground hence they teach you the ability think from others' perspective and support it which is essential for learning philosophical and critical thinking.
It was simple and enlightening at the same time. i took the course because i wanted to understand whether or not i was suited to pursue philosophy at the masters level, since  i have been fascinated  by it but did not have the chance to study it in college. this course gave me a lot of insight and it was really great for introspection and thinking critically. thanks a lot!
Really good course! Very much enjoyed it! Thank you for an amazing month! The only thing I would mention, was that at times the computer would sometime move the selected answer on the quiz, which made it frustrating on the last week's quiz and on week 2 (or 3 I think, can't remember it correctly) when it occurred, but apart from that everything else was fine! Thank you!
Course is quite good. I am studying political science in graduation where a lot of philosophers are mentioned. I had joined this course to develop an understanding towards them. Therefore this course was quite important. It can be applied not only in the field of political science and philosophy but in every field. The topic is explained very clearly in the course.
Philosophy has always seemed to be a subject that was academic and unrelated to daily life. This course showed me that this was untrue. Philosophy is at the heart of how we live our lives as individuals and members of the communities to which we belong. It informs all of our choices and decisions. This fascinating introduction to the topic is suitable for everyone!
I loved taking this course, although at the end it became a little difficult for me to understand the accent of that Italian Professor (for me particulally it would be easier if she spoke Italian, it's my second mother tongue!). It was the hardest test because I couldn't understand very well. But in general terms it was very nice! Thank you and congratulations.
Absolutely brilliant, thoroughly engaging and the topics lead perfectly from one to the other. Each teacher explained their topic in unique ways which I believe really kept the interest alive and as much as leaving this review may help everything's determined so does it really?But really thank you for this course it was lovely to engage with and complete.
This introductory course is inevitably one of my best experiences so far. Topics such as free will, time travel, political obligations etc open your mind to a whole new ways of thinking. This course has given me lot of motivation to further deepen my understanding of subject. A big 'Thank You' to the wonderful professors at 'The University of Edinburgh'!
An excellent course that introduces its learners to the exciting world of philosophy, starting from the basics of what philosophy is and covering a wide range of topics from determinism and free will to artificial intelligence. Easily comprehensible classes, along with explanatory transcripts and abundant resources ensures a perfect learning experience.
The Introduction to Philosophy course was much more thorough and challenging than I expected.  It developed an interest in Philosophy that I never had before and helped me gain new perspectives to knowledge. Thank you, Coursera for providing such a wonderful opportunity to continue my learning at the comfort of home.  I couldn't ask for anything more.
This was indeed a brilliant course that provided in-depth analysis on various philosophical problems. As I will be taking my philosophy major classes in a month, this course has proven to be immensely beneficial for elucidating on the basics of philosophy. The skills that i had learned through this course will definitely be a handy for my classes .
Being a complete novice in the field of Philosophy, this course provided a concise and intensive introduction about the different constituents of Philosophy. Taking up this course made me a better person. I would like to thank the concerned faculty members at the University of Edinburgh and Coursera for making this course available for the masses.
This course provides users with basic concepts about Philosophy, and it introduces the (typical) questions that are discussed by different philosophers and related sub-fields in philosophy. As an introductory course, it focuses on giving learners a "big picture". I would recommend this course for learners who have little or no basis of philosophy.
In this course there are a lot of ways we can work out our own way of thinking  about world.  I am very happy that I could be on that course. I have learned not straight about history of philosophy, but about: how to work out way of thinking. I recommend those lessons to everyone, who want distance oneself from usual way of thinking.  Thank You!
I absolutely love the balanced approach to so many areas of philosophy in such a short course. The reading lists are pretty comprehensive so we can read up on topics we love. I wish we had looked at Calvinism and the debate around free will and its consequences in a little more depth. Nevertheless, glad to have been born in the time of MOOCs.
As for those who interested in this course, you should try. All the topics are very complicated to understand and you need to really think and really try to think again and again to understand the concepts. For me, some topics are so complicated that I have no idea how someone can come up with it, but still, it is an enjoyable course anyway.
So far this course has been very very instrumental in my learning. I still feel it should be divided in shorter videos of max 5 minutes each. that is what makes an online Mooc special i.e classes of hours are not forced into you. In anycase, this course was mostly fit for being a well designed and defined MOOC and worth a take by everyone !!
Excellent course, interesting topics, the instructors all teach in a clear but professional way. Thank you Professor Richmond for spending so much time helping us on the discussion boards! In the future, I would love it if there was more recommended reading, and not just strictly related to the topics in the lectures. Thank you very much!
A great introduction to philosophy. Enthusiastic teachers, and the class overall certainly creates much interest in going further. The classes keeps you on your toes, the quizzes and tests are just the right level of challenging. I learned so much, and most of all, lost my fear of philosophy studies! And, I loved the Time Travel part!
The content of this
course is wide-ranging, clear and well-structured; hence I would definitely
recommend it to my colleagues. I would rate the
performances of every Professor as excellent; they have definitely made me
quite easy, a first approach to Philosophy.Thanks to the University
of Edinburg and congratulations on this course
I am studying Philosophy at university next year and wanted to have a idea as to what it would be like. This course was perfect and gave me a taster of the vast number of fields included in Philosophy. It was interesting and challenging I would definitely suggest it to anyone, the course really gives you some things to think about!
I have thoroughly enjoyed my time learning while studying and going through the wonderfully curated lessons! The videos are very well structured, with practice exercises, and links to further readings. I have always been encouraged to know more, to read more, to question. I would love to come back again for more Coursera courses.
This is a great introductory course to Philosophy. The course covers very important aspects of Philosophy in a succinct manner and sets the foundation to explore any topic in detail later. Overall great experience !! This is exactly how an introductory course should be. Thank you Coursera, thank you University of Edinburgh !!
This course was a great way for me to understand the ways that philosophy has and its role in the construction of my understanding of the world overall. Although I’m Chilean, it was very easy for me to comprehend the lessons and the scheme of the course. I hope there’s more Philosophy courses from Edinburgh University ahead.
The course was really illuminating to me. It has really piqued my interest in philosophy and I would like to take a deeper dive into the subject. The most important thing about the course would be that the instructors were able to actually relate the sort of abstract ideas of philosophy to actual ground realities. Thank you!
A Philosophy SamplerA wonderful introduction to philosophy. Seven outstanding teachers each providing a sample of their areas of specialization. Plenty of follow up material if you want to go deeper into any specialization. At the end of the course, there is even a chance to write your own 750 word philosophical submission.
As a theology graduate with little philosophical experience I found it an insightful introduction into many of philosophy's most pressing issues. Importantly, the clear and engaging lectures led to many thought-provoking moments. I would certainly recommend to anyone who is interested in learning more about philosophy.
This course is off the hook! (Literally). And my dear prospective student, all I advise you to do is to sit down and carefully listen to and digest all the thoughts and arguments the tutors will put forward. This is NOT for the sake of agreeing with all they say, but for AN EXPOSURE TO A PLETHORA OF IDEAS. Enjoy!
Very very interesting course. I always wanted to know what concepts are covered in Philosophy and this course quenched my curiosity. As the weeks went ahead, the topics got better and invoked good thoughts. Teachers explain stuff really well and the quizzes make you think. Totally recommend this to everyone.
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to rekindle my interest in a subject I love and for going through so many different topics. I now know what I would like to get a deeper understanding and knowledge of and I am looking forward to exploring the resources you have shared on this course.All the best,MC
I really enjoy this journy, very good teachers with a very good and simple way to make you understand to the most important topic of philosophy. I have to thank you all for let me be part of this journy. Loves sincerely from Venezuelan, a science student really love the opotunity to learn with you all.
This was a fantastic course! The content was very interesting, especially the section on time-travel, which I absolutely loved. I also liked that the course was perfectly manageable, unlike all the other MOOC's that I have attempted, where the time commitment turns out to be much bigger than expected.
Great introduction, argument presentation, counter-argument consideration and supporting materials for simple yet intriguing philosophical topics. Faculty was engaging and well spoken and course was able to keep my interest. Excellent for those looking to get an insight into the world of philosophy.
Very enjoyable.  Gave me a lot to think about regarding further pursuits in philosophy.  Helped me to pinpoint the type of philosophy that I find most useful.   Would love to have more exposure to Socrates, Buddha, Confucius, Nietzsche, Sartre, Brecht, science, humanist and existential philosophers.
I really enjoyed taking this course and the content was very interesting. All the lectures were amazing. I loved the teaching style and the teachers made the content easy to understand and interesting. I would love to thank the university of Edinburgh and all lecturers for providing us this course.
The course hits the target and achieves in fulfilling its objectives. Simply it makes us think in different perspectives and ask questions pertaining the same. Thank You. The course is interesting, appealing (through good lecturers) and without a doubt, this learning is such a wonderful experience.
It was a brilliant introduction to a subject I got interested in when I saw so many series on Netflix about wonderful philosophers.The lectures were brilliant and each professor did a brilliant job .Loved the course content and would surely recommend my friends to take it up.Thank you so m uch
Great Course!I would like to thank all the teachers, who kindly guided us throughout these lectures, for they have greatly contributed -at least that is my case- to better understand the main issues within philosophy, as well as, making me "fall in love with wisdom" as Philosophy is meant to.
Such a shame that my previous philosophy lessons were focusing on ancient philosophers only. This course gives you a whole new perspective, covering many philosophical questions from diverse points of view, including those ancients and the very modern ones. It makes you want to dig dipper! :)
I've never taken a philosophy course because it seemed difficult to understand. However, the lecturers explained the concepts and theory clearly. This course has increase my understanding of philosophy and how applicable it is in other fields. I really enjoyed the course and recommend it!!!
Excellent teaching all round and an interesting set of topics. I like the idea that you can pick and choose which topic interests you the most each week and will only be assessed on that but I decided to complete all of the lectures and assessments for my own benefit. Thank you very much!
Fantastic course. The instructors presented their material in an interesting and thought-provoking, yet easy to understand manner. The video lectures were a great complement to the reading material, and helped to clear up some of the concepts I was a bit unclear on. 10/10 would recommend!
Exceptional teachers. Some of the concepts in philosophy can be very confusing. The teachers do a good job of giving enough examples and summarizing the arguments. It is a good course to enable you to get an overall understanding of the topic and see which topic you want to deep dive in.
Teachers are really responsive to questions that were mentioned in the forum, and they provided me with a good start in philosophy. I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in philosophy but has no previous experience. This course will lead you to the a different world.
Very good course, it perfectly introduces some of the most relevant topics in philosophical discussion, some are new some are very very old but still fascinating. I would strongly recommend this course for anyone interested in learning about philosophy, history and culture in general.
I had a great time on this course and I learned many new interesting concepts that got me thinking, and will help me to learn any other course I take. In particular, I enjoyed learning about Are Scientific Theories True?, Minds, Brains and Computers, and Time Travel and Philosophy.
I absolutely loved this! Really good overview of all these subjects, with an options and information to go deeper. The lecturers were all amazing, and I'm going to be going over these notes quite a bit! Really helped reignite my interest in thinking about things differently :)
Awesome introduction course. It invites you to think critically and challenges you in order to question your own conclusion. Thank you for all the teachings and easy and funny examples so that we can better understand the complex vocabulary of the quoted ancient philosophers.
Great course around a modern vision of the basis of philosophy; good material, very high level of equipment docent. I get skill on analysis and several 'trends' of the 'actual philosophy' in form of introduction. Thanks for all, then, to University of Edimburgh and Coursera.
Great course from one of the top universities in the world! Deep throughout, fast-paced but easy to understand, this course will give you a first impression of what Philosophy really is, making you want to delve more into this awesome world of thinking.I highly recommend it!
An excellent course that does precisely what it says. It provides a fantastic taste of some of the foundations of philosophy. The content of the video lecturers are wonderful.My only complaint is that the multiple choice tests at the end of each section have bugs in them.
Never even thought about philosophy before (pun unintended), but this introductory course to the subject was a great awakening.  Plans are to continue in philosophical studies.  Much thanks to the University of Edinburgh, Coursera and the great lecturers in this course.
Super interesting course and excellent lecturers. There’s a lot to wrap your head around, but it’s engaging and thought provoking. It was easy to feel motivated to continue through the lectures and the quizzes are well crafted to help ensure that you truly do “get it.”
Philosophy is a way of thinking about the world, the universe, and society. It works by asking very basic questions about the nature of human thought, the nature of the universe, and the connections between them. The ideas in philosophy are often general and abstract.
The first thing I wanted to highlight is the remarkable wisdom of the professors. The ease with which they discuss the ideas is an evidence of the command they have over the philosophy of knowledge. They made the discussions so appealing with intelligible examples.
I think this course is interesting and well structured. I think it is a good introduction to philosophy. I learned a lot about morality, knowledge, laws, politics, minds, science, free will, and time travel.The course also helped me to practice English :-)Thanks!
While the indidivual lectureres did have a breadth of knowledge, a manditory discusion should be held with the homeworks instead of just the quizzes for completion. Perhaps a page on each week should be good enough. Just to understand each lecturer's main points.
MUY BUEN CURSO PARA INTRODUCIRSE AL MUNDO DE LA FILOSOFÍA, DE VERDAD QUE ES BASTANTE INTERESANTE APRENDER COSAS DE FILOSOFÍA LO RECOMIENDO MUCHO APRA PERSONAS QUE ESTUDIAN CARRERAS DE CIENCIAS SOCIALES COMO DERECHO, EDUCACIÓN, FILOSOFÍA, PSICOLOGÍA Y HUMANIDADES
One of the best courses out there that really take you out on a mental journey of interesting thoughts and insights. Perfect for beginner like me. The language was not difficult to understand and instructors were phenomenal especially "The Time Traveller" one.
Lead me to the beginning of doing philosophy and bring me with how to work out the right way of thinking about things. Share with me the big questions in contemporary philosophy. I start to love Philosophy after this course! Thank you so much for your efforts!
This course was great! Definitely a good introduction to Philosophy, as they do an excellent job covering many different topics in such a short amount of time. The way concepts and ideas are explained is clear and perfect for beginners. Totally recommend it.
I found the course very useful, and the instructors were very good to explain the fundamentals in philosophy. I will recommend this course to anybody who have the slightes interest in the field, and I am sure you will be inspired to further studies as I did
It's a well structured course for absolutely beginners in the study of Philosophy. They include various schools of thought of different matters in this course, that helped in developing seeing thing from a different angle and deriving different conclusions.
Clear, well-paced and engaging classes. I appreciated the overview of key debates in each topic, and my experience with this course was made all the more enjoyable through the passion with which the lecturers spoke about their respective areas of interest.
I had an amazing time while going through this course. It helped me to deliberate the ideas and to have a proper subjective goals to it with topics of Idealism, Ethics which HSS brought a change in me. I'm Thankful to coursers for letting me a part of it.
I have enjoyed this course from the first class; it shows the philosophy as a set of ideas we may discuss using logic and not as a set of dates and Names attached to the Books. The professors are brilliant, lectures neither intimidated nor oversimplified.
Very good introduction to Philosophy, it makes you continue to investigate and ask yourself about your beliefs and try to place yourself in any of the theories or perspectives of the philosophers, as well as realize that you were not so wrong. Thank you.
I really enjoyed this course. Many intro to Philosophy can be pretty boring and hard to get into. However, this was accessible and introduced enough topics to get you interested. Also liked the balance and diversity in teaching staff. Highly recommended!
Thank you very much. Very informative and made easy. Progressive in nature, The faculty made each new idea, theory and thought / concept very interesting and doable. As a start course, i am happy and feel fortunate that I participated. Thanks All of You
A great introduction to Philosophy in general and i really enjoyed the lecturers the content.  The lectures were long enough but not to detailed that i got lost in the subject matter.  I will definitely continue on my path of self knowledge.  Thank you.
Well-structured course and knowledge is pretty much accessible, as being supported by very good, tailor-made reading material. The discussion fora are more helpful with this course than in other across the Coursera offer - most likely due to the topic.
This was really a great starting point to explore a field that I have for many years yearned to discover and has brought me to a point where I can better reason and understand about the nature of (some) philosophical discussions and ideas. Many thanks!
This course is highly recommended. It makes me be more humble in front of knowledge and request me to think more and more differently. Philosophy is not only a subject but also a way of thinking. I believe it helps you in any field you are focusing on.
Very thought-provoking. Every teacher gives a comprehensible and approachable lecture about the given topics. The complementary material also helps. Be very contented with all of them. Thank you for all the contribution for making this course possible!
I learned a lot from the discussions. It made me more aware of my surroundings. It made me more observant and inquisitive. I appreciate the passion of the instructors. They are great at presenting the concepts and providing examples. This was helpful.
It is my first course on philosophy and it is really interesting. I learned how to think critically about topics and I also got to know a few topics in depth. I will recommend this course to those who are trying to know about philosophy as a subject.
Very interesting and great for the beginner! I definitely found certain weeks harder than other however once you begin to understand the language used then it becomes easier overall. Examples at each stage were extremely helpful for my understanding.
Coming from India, I have a fairly good knowledge about Indian culture and philosophy. Mainly Hinduism, Jainism and Buddhism. I was keen to know about western philosophy. It was a good course. Very new and abstract for me, but a great learning time.
This Philosophy course is perfect for those who want to get familiar with current philosophical discussions. They provide you with a very general view of a variety of philosophical debates in a very easy manner, so that anybody can understand them.
The class covers philosophical fundamentals in a fair, yet informative and engaging manner. The timeline of subject material fits purposefully and anyone with an interest in critical thinking could be converted into a full-time philosopher by it.
I had fun taking the course! The instructors had an excellent way of explaining their material in a way that is easy to understand. I love how the syllabus covers many areas of Philosophy and it helped give me ideas on which area to explore next.
This was a very interesting course. Not what I was expecting when I enrolled, but I enjoyed it completely. I especially liked the lesson on the logical possibility of time travel. This was my first Coursera course but I hope to find more courses.
I want to thank you for the scholarship and for allowing me to learn more, I want to continue studying and thanks to you I've learned a lot of new things. From Mexico, thank you very much, you peolple have opened new horizons for me and my mind.
Very good introduction to philosophy. The professors share simple and effective analogies to explain philosophical concepts. The concepts are also woven into interesting topics that would make one think. Highly recommend this course to everyone.
Wonderful course. I have attempted and completed numerous online courses but this course stands out. Lecturers introduce interesting concepts and encourage creative thinking. Kudos to the University of Edinburgh for producing wonderful content.
As brief as an introduction should be, however, at the same time covering all the main philosophic problems. I want to thank all the tutors for this wonderful course, it was a great pleasure to spend those 5 weeks in your brilliant company :)
Is for me the greatest course of philosophy I ever had, specially because of a really bad "teacher" that I just don't know how can he be teaching, but well, had been my first experience with a MOOC and couldn't be better I suppose. Greetings!
Fantastic introductory course on Philosophy, with lot of resources and links. I loved it and the instructors are really lucid in their exposition. I hope Edinburgh comes up with more courses, especially Philosophy of Social Science/Economics
Great course to start learning about philosophy as a field of study! The lectures every week cover a different area of philosophy so I got a flavour of each, which I think is useful for someone just starting out and trying to find out more.
Great general introduction to Philosophy. I suggest taking this philosophy course before any others because it puts a lot into perspective and it gives you a good idea of what path to take in your personal studies in philosophy and beyond.
A short course but introduces several areas of Philosophy. Every week there are new concepts introduced and its very interesting to listen to the teachers. Thank you University of Edinburgh, the teachers and Coursera for this good course.
An excellent course to make sense of philosophy... and I really loved the possibility of time travel... even though it was only an intellectual possibility ... kudos to the faculty to make it an interesting experience... thanks everyone.
for a ESL student, its really a challenge for me, but i am glad i have passed it, thank you all--the teachers, and the mentors, what an experience! since this is my first course, i'll continue my 2nd, and 3rd course, good luck to you!
The course was absolutely riveting. It inculcates thought about every aspect of our existence while simultaneously informing us of fascinating philosophical and physical concepts. The instructors executed their lessons masterfully :)
This introduction bring in a lot of theories and information in relating to Philosophy. This is important to someone who want to understand what Philosophy is. The section of time travel is the most interesting section I experienced.
A wonderful experience.  My most important takeaway was thinking more about the questions beyond the asked question.  This course will make me a better and more informed reader, especially combined with my readings about rhetoric.
Great Course. I loved the content, it covered few of the topics i used to wonder about. Really engaging teachers, they seemed that they were passionate about their topic and also had a deep understanding of the matter. Thank You.
Such a eye-opener. Philosophy was a hobby until I ran into this course. It structure my thinking. It made me realize the schools of thought that have tackled the questions I've dived into are as many angles to view a given issue.
It has widened my horizons extensively. As long as you are someone who is even so slightly interested in thinking deeply about the wordly aspects of the world you should enroll for this course or atleast try to learn philosophy
It is very complete and wide in the optional themes treated on the course. Also you are provided with link to forums, debates, guides, and bibliography to investigate further more what caught your interest. Highly recommended!!
I love the way this course let you embrace the basics notions of philosophy.The only bad thing it's that I haven't found a course like this (That talks of philosophy) in this site, so I think Coursera need more of this courses.
Great way to get to know the big branches of philosophy, great examples, great questions to think about. This course offers the opportunity to learn to understand the world around us and to understand ourselves a little better
thank you Coursera and faculty of the University of Edinburgh for allowing me to get for my first time an official certificate for learning something, growing up without any kind of formal education I can't withhold my tears.
The course was a good introduction to parts of philosophy allowing for a non philosopher to begin learning the thought processes needed to want to take the next steps in a philosophic education. Thank you to the entire staff.
Amazing CourseThis course taught me the basic concept of philosophy, The way of teaching of all the teachers was very nice and interesting, the lectures were accompanied with examples which really helped a lot. Great course.
Very interesting class. Includes several pathways to engage understanding of philosophy in classical and contemporary ways. The videos are clear and effective. The quizzes are really interesting. A great introductory course.
Dave is a great narrator. He talks in an impressive way. So, everyone who watches the videos can understand it more easily. In addition to videos, there are also helpful documents. It was a very enjoyable course for me. :)
This course is really amazing, because I've learnt about so many interesting facts, theories and they are all very necessary for my further studies. It's really fruitful. Thank you Coursera for such an amazing opportunity
I really enjoyed the course, even though Im coming from a different branch of knowledge (engineering), its been a very nice approach. Absolutely recommended for those want to know more and explore the world of philosophy.
great course , and i would love to thank the teachers of Edinburgh university , they helped a lot to understand and pass the course , i had a great time with those great teachers and subjects ,thank you thank you so much
I really enjoyed this course because contents were very interesting and contemporaneous. Reading about travelling time was a real pleasure. Teachers nice, quizzes and texts supported well my development. Congratulations.
Really nice and an intuitive course. I really liked the concept of giving us the options to choose the topic which interests us the most. I learnt a lot from this course and also am very much fascinated with philosophy.
Loved the course thoroughly and so many interesting arguments in different fields of philosophy,great instructors and very explained sessions.It has gotten me more interested in the field of epistemology and free will
I enjoyed this course.  I liked having a different instructor for each section, and I really loved the incorporation of contemporary topics that made it feel relevant to my life and fostered conversations with others.
Great introductory course to Philosophy, it makes you ask all the world around you, and with all these questions I guess you can make a real and positive changes to your set of mind and the societies in which we live.
I really enjoyed this course! All the lecturers were obviously very dedicated to their topic. The content was fascinating and clearly presented, and I feel genuinely inspired to further pursue philosophy. Thank you!
An excellent course that introduces a viewer to a wide range of intresting philosophical questions. No prior knowledge of philosophy is required and the explanations are mostly clear even to a newbie in philosophy.
This class provides a terrific, concise overview of basic terms and ideas, key philosophers over time, and arguments raised for and against. I appreciate especially the many links to free quality online references.
I appreciate how some of my messy thoughts about the world is organized and justified when I finished this course. I would like to learn some more advanced courses because there are still many unanswered questions.
A basic teaching of Philosophy. The idea of having specialists lecture in thei indivvidual concepts was a direct enhancement in the themes presented. I consider that the course will be repeated ,for several years.
WONDERFUL. Thanks to this course, I discovered the relationship between fields I do not know about philosophy and especially "time travel". Can you think about everything, but can you think about every thought?
Excellent first week! Promises to be a very interesting course. Unfortunately, I won't get back to it for a while, due to other pressing projects, but I'm looking forward to exploring it more later in the year.
Very interesting course with different approaches and topics on philosphy. Nice way to refresh knowledge or to get a new ones. Everything is really understandable with good videos and course materials provided.
Excellent introduction to the subject from a great cast of different and interesting characters. Subject covered to a depth that was accessible enough to a novice yet deep enough to be interesting and valuable.
It was an amazing course and i enjoyed it just too much! I'm an electrical mechanical engineer but i love learning from different topics and choosing "Intro to Philosophy" was definetely a wonderful decision.
This was a most interesting short course which I found most useful as a "taster" to help me understand what philosophy was about.  I especially liked the fact that we had a specialist tutor for each subject.
Great theories. Thoughtful.  Many different perspective from philosophers on a topic. There are options of the course each week for your interest. Great explanation. Gain a lot of knowledge from this class.
I think this course works well as a broad introductory overview, and exposed me to a multitude of subfields of philosophy, effectively allowing me to figure out which aspects I'd like to explore further.
Excellent course. Well paced and very well explained. All the teachers have the ability to explain complex things in a simple way that is easy for a philosophy beginner to understand. Highly recommended.
Very interesting course that provides enough tools in order to understand the basics of the philosophical world. The tutors were very clear in their explanations and made much sense of what they meant.
It is an excellent course for anyone who is interested in knowing more about philosophy and philosophical questions. The lectures are short and very informative! I would highly recommend this course.
Highly rated course.For all people who think it is important to understand Life and for it to learn from nicer teachers and great philosophy trends. Thank you to Coursera and Edimburgh University.
Thank you for this interesting course! I particularly liked the questions asked (both practice questions and quiz). It makes us think critically and not just stop with understanding the concepts.
The professors of this course are exceptional! This course gives wonderful insights and encourages us to further explore the world of philosophy. I am very contented and happy I took this course.
This is a great course to start to learn about philosophy. It has truly made me think about many things and how my faith in God and the teaching of Jesus Christ is strengthened during the course
Clear, complete, rigorous, user friendly, open to different levels of engagement, great and wide extra materials and peer discussion, covers the Big Questions and the mains ways to focus them.
Actually I have enjoyed the course . I have learned about the problems were asked by previous philosophers and about how to think correctly by analyzing the prefaces to get logical results .
I feel so glad I have been able to finish! It hasn't been easy, but I have to say I loved this course, and I have recomended it to my friends, I feel so glad I had the opportunity to do it.
Excellent introduction to the the discipline of philosophy. The professors are experts and very accessible in their presentation of complex ideas. I am very happy to have taken this course.
This was a very good introduction. Many important philosophical concepts are explored with very well thought out examples, and the quizzes really make you reflect on what you have learned.
it helps me a lot in my studies....upon enrolling this online course it's a big help  in my Philosophy  subject here in my school. hope that you may continue to help  more student like me.
I´m pleased to conclude this magnificent course. Besides learnig so many new things, it also helped me to understand some hard philosophical approaches. I highly recommend it. Thank you.
Excelent course. The main difference in here is that we are not interested about learning The History of Philosophy, but we want to improve our vision about what is the act of Thinking.
i like all topics in this moment, i think the philosophy it's fundamental for every moment of decision, and i start to think to "see" the "all picture" thanks and regards from Colombia.
This course was great. I really enjoyed every minute of the lectures. It has sparked the curiosity in philosophy once more in my life. I want to continue studying more about philosophy.
this was my first philosophy course and for beginners it is very interesting and interactive course. i really liked it and i think is a very good course for introduction to philosophy.
I am able to understand the content and whenever i am in doubt, I can refer to the videos that have the further discussion, so as to better grasp and comprehend the doubts that I have.
I love this course, in specially about the moral, obey the law -is a obligation?-, several themes of epistemology and themes stranger like the logic of travel time. EXCELLENTE COURSE!
This philosophy course is very useful for my life beyond my career.There has been a beautiful understanding of life.Many important moments in life are very useful for decision making.
A real philosophy course in the sense that it prompts you to do philosophy (along with the help of the history of philosophy) rather then just teaching you the history of philosophy.
A wonderful course that makes you understand what it means to think. Provides you with new perspective altogether of looking at things in the world. I'm absolutely loving the course.
Course was excellent, because of the skilled lecturers I quit animation school and I went on to further study. I am now almost finished double Ba degrees in Philosophy and Theology.
It is a short course that covers fewer topics than what you would expect in a normal offline freshman philosophy course. However, the content is very interesting and well-organized.
Highly Recommended course  if you are new to philosophy but have interest in it. The simplicity and ease of learning  is definitely encouraging, happy to have done this course!  :)
I very much liked this course because it opened a whole possibility of critical thinking of fundamental principles which govern our understanding of the natural world and society.
The course was really interesting. The modules were taught by different professors. They were all very engaging. And I specially liked Professor Michela Massimi and Dr. Dave Ward.
Absolutely mesmerizing review of philosophy, with topics ranging from Free Will and Moral Philosophy to Time Travel! Recommended for everyone who want to know more about knowing.
Good range of topics; appropriate level of difficulty and well structured and delivered. Gave a broad introduction, but also showed ways in which learning could be taken further.
Very interesting class with very competence professional!Was a honor learn introduction to Philosophy offer by the university of Edinburg, see u guys in next courses!Edvim Borges
I like how the course divides different components in such a way that we will be able to understand topic by topic, bit by bit. The lecturers are great in delivering the course.
The course is well designed to give a brief splash of topics related to philosophy. I enjoyed the system and all the professors were great and tried to be as clear as possible.
Awesome introduction to philosophy and it's major concepts. Very thorough with great examples and a plethora of additional resources for further inquiry and  study is provided.
This is absolutely fantastic course. Thank you very much for offering it! The course content is very good and there pointers to enormous amount of very enlightening literature!
This is an amazing course to gives general knowledge about philosophy and what they do in this subject. This course also allows me to grow an appetite for learning philosophy.
I appreciated helpful handouts for most of the lectures. I enjoyed having a different lecturer for every discussion. Time travel discussion was my favorite part of the course!
An excellent primer into the types of issues philosophers tackle in the past, and present, hosted by a variety of lecturers with relevant expertise in their respective fields.
Excellent course and I must write that I am appalled that the forum has been so abused by some, that it has to be discontinued.  This is a horrid manifestation of hatefulness.
The flexibility was greatly appreciated and I feel confident to make use of my own intellectual autonomy (nudge nudge) to find out more - would love to take a further course!
I mean, I'm only two weeks in and already there's so much to know and it's all so interesting so I think it's a completely worthwhile course (even though I'm only 2 weeks in)
This is a very good and interesting course. The instructors lecture the course from an easy way to understand. I hope that they will open an advanced course for this field.
It was a good course for everyone. All the subject matter were introduced briefly. But i would like if you can further deep. Learned the basics of philosophy through this.
The course ... Introduction to philosophy is really good  ...they are so many points that will be very useful to gain basic knowledge regarding philosophy ...Thank you 😊
Overall it is a great commencement with a snapshot in philosophy. The lecturers are user-friendly and understandable, and the materials given are thorough and exhaustive.
I really enjoyed this course! Thank you so much professors for your knowledge, because now I better understand relevant philosophical debates and ways to address them. .
The course gives the great opportunity to broaden the horizon, study at one of the best universities in the world and improve English. Thak you! It was really nice time.
A great introductory course. It makes me really curious about the answers to many  fundamental questions, and also challenges the way I used to think about other things.
The course has been a good one. it was challenging but very good for the mind and for the development of our mind, and some times the heart. thanks for the opportunity.
very interesting,  much to  learn, readily understandable, taught in such manner that a first year undergraduate can absorb, all science students should take this class
It was an interesting introduction to philosophy and it helped me review a lot of basic terminology I've seen during my informal training in this beautiful discipline.
This was an outstanding introduction to Philosophy.  The lectures were relatively easy to follow with many practical examples and a wide variety of topics was covered.
Interesting, lots of reading, really need to think hard, reflecting myself. This is a good start and is laying good foundation for further learning Philosophy. Thanks.
This course certainly makes you think and question a lot about our lives. The amount of knowledge and fun in this course makes it one you should definitely enroll in.
I do really enjoyed taking this course. It was very informative and the content was displayed in a creative way while the discussions provided different perspectives.
The Time frame is great to keep you active. This is very important to put sufficient enerdy into the course. It is well-made, lively, and very profitable. Thank you!
This is an outstanding introduction to Philosophy. Each element is a short overview at beginner level and yet addresses the fundamental debates in each area covered.
It is a good course with great content. The professors are well prepared and share their knowledge in an easy way so that everyone can understand their explanations.
I loved the course, every topic was amazingly interesting, I loved the first week and the third week, both aspect moved me forward to learn more about those topics.
A very informative introduction to the field of philosophy, curated by enthusiastic lectures, who explain each topic in a nicely structured and accessible fashion.
It is a really good introduction, focusing on the big questions and incentiving the students to think for themselves about these questions since the first lesson..
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I would recommend it to anyone who wanted to get an overview of major trends in philosophical thinking. Well presented resources.
As the title suggests it really does introduce you you to a lot of interesting branches of philosophy, as well as a lot of philosophical thinkers.A great start!!!
Fantastic introductory course to Philosophy. It really expands your thinking and methodologies relating to wisdom and knowledge. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Thank you.
I'm so glad that I committed to this course, and finished it.  Very enlightening and a solid base to build upon.  Thanks Cousera and The University of Edinburgh!
This is an excellent course . I m from medical background from India and the education was not so open 20 years back; I finally got to do a course on philosophy
I highly enjoyed this course and the variety of professors that each explained their view and topic related to philosophy. Will recommend this course to ohers!
A very interesting approach - presents both obvious and interesting, niche topics and problems of philosophy, making this course appealing to a broad audience.
An excellent though-provoking introduction to several branches of Philosophy. You can tell the instructors love what they do - it makes it easy to love it too.
I can honestly say that this is one of thd best online courses I have taken so far. Thank you all for the huge effort you have made for the sake of knowledge.
I've found this course to be really interesting and thought provoking. The instructors explain the materials with reasonable precision and with good examples.
Amazing course. I hope it can be extended  to a more advanced level and I also hope the MOOC about philosophy and the sciences will be back soon. All the best
I really love all the topics that are introduced here. They are very different from what I've learnt in the past. Learning this course is truly open my mind.
This course is a Master of Philosophy. This online course is highly recommended for all the students who are interested in learning Philosophy. Just amazing.
I really like the course. I learned so much about different aspect about philosophy.I like the modality with different teachers with different specialities.
This was illuminating and fun. A great spectrum of questions to decide what I wanted to dig in to next. Very thoughtful lectures and explanations.Thank you!
Fully satisfied with this course. Very good program and content, good videos, professional teachers... I really learned a lot. I recommend the course 100 %
A smooth and engaging initiation into philosophical thinking with a practical path amid this world filled with so many semantics and distorting propaganda.
Excellent course. It gives in a very pleasant, well presented and clear way 7 essential topics of Philosophy which can be the base for further exploration.
I love the new way of thinking it introduced. It showed me how people have analyzed seemingly obvious concepts and help me to examine myself in retrospect.
Very engaging and well presented course. I enjoyed the video sessions and learned a lot about subjects I had no prior knowledge or training of. Thank you!
I've always been curious about philosophy and this course was a great way to get immersed in this field and get a sense of the mechanics of how it works..
it's quite concise and simple to understand as philosophy can be simple. Now I see myself learning and expanding in a number of areas I have always wanted
Wonderful course! I especially enjoyed the Time Travel modules, as I am a huge science fiction fan. The instructors are informative and thought-provoking.
It is great for people like me ,who watns to learn something about the actual problems of philosophy duscussions and to practice english at the same time
Excellent course  , well designed and organized. In such a short time we got so incredibly much from the  highly enthusiastic, and knowledgeable teacher.
An excellent non-trivial but accessible introduction to philosophy presented by people who are both great at philosophy and at communicating its essence.
This is a very good introduction to philosophy with the course materials being easy enough to be understood while also being intellectually challenging.
Very interesting view to basics of Philosophy. Philosophy topics has in my opinion very modern concept. I like the attitude and enthusiasm of lecturers.
Very interesting introduction to the domain. If there is room for critique, it would be to avoid unnecessary repetitions and extensive use of examples.
A very great course. Well explained, full of useful material, readings and discussion.Now I love Philosophy.See you in next course.Just amazing.Thanks.
It is a nice course for those who are interested in philosophy , included me . From the week 1 , i had been learnt to think things on the right way ...
It was very confusing some of the things for me, but I guess is just some topics are hard to understand thank you for this experience i learned a lot !
An excellent reintroduction to this fascinating subject, which I last studied decades ago. This course was much more interesting than my previous one!
It was an amazing and interesting journey. I had no idea about philosophy prior to this course. This course modules were easily described. It was fun.
This class was exceptional!  I have taken many MOOCs.  This is the best that I have had.  Fascinating material, excellent lectures...  It is all here.
Very good course to have a general overview of the different philosophical disciplines, I invite its creators to subtitle it also for Spanish speakers
This courses is a nice broad though light introduction to a series of current topics in Philosophy, introduced by philosopher focused in those topics.
Loved this course very much. The professors truly allowed the student to understand the material fully with a great amount of quiz's and assignments.
An absolutely fascinating course. The amount of stimulating information packaged in such short sections is incredible.  It has really made me think!
A great course for improving your powers of logic and understanding through the critical examinatiion of many Philosophical Theories and Arguments.
Absolutely wonderful! a broad introduction into many questions of philosophy. An excellent thoughtful companion for corona quarantine! I want more!
I will totally recommend the course to any one whose background in philosophy is lacking. And to anyone who wants to learn something interesting.
An absolutely excellent introductory course. Engaging and thoughtful facilitators and videos and well-structured assessments. Highly recommended.
This is the  1st MOOC I have ever completed! It has engaging lessons with interesting subjects. I have really enjoyed taking this course. Thanks!
Great introduction to the breadth of philosophy. A great place to poke around if your considering any sort of fundamental knowledge on philosophy
It took me a long time due to time limitation but happy to finish. I learned a lot and love to go back and listen to the lessons again and again.
Excellent program to introduce several contemporary themes of philosophy, with a broad perspective but at the same time accessible and rigorous.
Highly Informative, Clear Every General Aspect of Philosophy, Well-structured and hassle-free ! Everyone involved here deserve serious respect!
A very good introduction. It gave me a good overview of the range of the subject and allowed me to see where I want to go with my studies next.
Great presentation of the history of philosophical thinking with a focus on how to find your way through competing and contradictory arguments.
I am learning a lot in the course and it's kind of interesting seeing the logic behind how we think, what we think, and how we perceive others.
One of the best course that I have seen till now...very helpful and knowledgeable experience..I recommend everyone please enroll this course..
English is not my first language. Nor a second one. This course was interesting but rather challenging to understand some bits here and there.
Great for Philosophy beginners, but it does require a lot a alone reflection in order to apprehend the concepts. Give it an enthusiastic shot.
A good introduction to philosophy. Also a life changing experience to start think the whys of everything you do. I recommend this to everyone.
This course is excellent! The instructors are very interesting, the topics covered are fun to learn, and the course format is very manageable.
After years of technical readings, this course was a breath of fresh air for me. I absolutely loved all the subjects that this course offered!
A very great and engaging course. The professors and lecturers connected effectively with us, students. Highly recommended! Thanks, Coursera!
I have really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot of stuff.. I really appreciate the guys, and thanks for putting this introduction together
Beautiful thought provoking course that introduces several topics in philosophy. Highly recommended for people beginning to learn philosophy.
very interesting course, it provides several question and relative theory in history. And it would make you to think. So i like this course.
I really enjoyed this course. It gives a good basic insight in philosophical thinking and the main topics. Good basis for further learning.
Great course, helped me better understand several philosophical concepts. Easy to understand, great teachers, awesome reading. I loved it!
It was my first course on philosophy and I loved the course instructors. The handouts and other open source material was very informative.
It was very interesting and the lecturers delivered each  lesson very well.  I learned a great deal and enjoyed it very much.  Thank You..
Very well presented and structured course. I found the subjects to be deeply interesting and it stimulated my thinking. Food for the mind.
I would suggest this really very good introductory course as a starting point to everyone interested in different philosophical questions.
I was able to hone my love and interest for philosophy. Also, all the professors were really very interactive and clear with the content.
I love philosophy and the educators are really good at giving out the information precisely without it being too difficult to understand.
Very professional informative introduction to Philosophy. I Learned so much, that I didn't think I could in such a little time. Loved it.
Really helpful and gives me the overall idea of what philosophy is!  I even applied for university of Edinburgh after taking this course.
Very good course with interesting cases and different theories. And also a very good opportunity to think and learn the way of thinking.
Very thoughtful course material. Really enjoyed the course videos and practice quizzes. Definite must for anyone who dares to question.
Gives a very brief and intelligible introduction to philosophy. The course eliminates the need for previous experience with the subject
The Teacher´s are amazing, the help material is very completed.
I very happy for this course.
Thanks by  share your knowledge with us.
Great course not only for those interested in philosophy, but also for the ones skeptical about its importance. Beginner - friendly :)
It really opens your eyes to the world around you, and makes you realize just how much we don't yet fully understand about ourselves.
A great introduction to philosophy; provides breadth in the different fields of philosophy and a thorough coverage of related ideas.
Great lectures, videos and notes! Surely, I'll use some of the knowledge I've gained throught out my everyday and professional life.
The speakers were easy to understand. They were able to bring down their knowledge to those new to Philosophy such as me. Thank you.
I loved this course and found it to be a superb introduction to philosophy.  The format, course content and teachers were excellent!
This course gives a great start into the world of philosophy. Each instructor is articulate, and the content meets the expectations.
Great course! Well-explained yet throughout introduction to a new subject and various interesting topics. Would recommend to anyone.
I think this course brilliantly illustrates each vital aspect of philosophy, and I will have to admit that I have taken away a lot!
Terrific Course. Before it, I was really far from understanding what Philosophy was about.  Now i'm a bit closer of what it is ...
Very good course would like to have a superficial dive into metaphysics and logic. Great teachers very objective and explanatory!!
Really enjoyed the methodology and the subjects. For me that didn't know anything about the topic, it opened up a whole new world.
Brilliant course. Not a simple 'history of philosophy' this course jumps into some very interesting topics and engages you fully.
It's really a satisfying course for me.I enjoyed the topics and the lecturers summarized most of the complicated topics clearly.
Very good introductory course. Provides an overview of the different philosophical topics ranging from knowledge to time travel.
Intriguing from the very first lecture to even all the internal and external assignments attached by the professors. Thank you!
I really think that this is a excellent course fo introduction to philosophy. I have learned a lot of some interesting topycs.
Great course. Is not a classical and sometimes, boring study of philosophy. The themes of the course are important and modern.
Definitely a must. Very good teachers that engage you in topics that have been around and still "haunt" our minds to this day
Greatly enjoyed this introduction to philosophy - appropriately brief, but insightful, engaging, broad and thought provoking!
I learned a lot, the teachers were cool and explained great. I never thought I'd have so much fun while learning philosophy.
I would love to continue with phase 2.... Sometimes i find the
questionnaires t a bit hard for nonnative English speakers...
I love Suilin Lavelle! I think she's incredible and very funny and smart. Every philosophy lecturer should be like Suilin :)
Is a great course if you want to approach to philosophy, has a great variety of modules and has actual or modern philosophy.
The course itself made me realize a lot of stuff such a sufficing the lacking qualities deep in my existentialist thinking.
This course gives me the foundation in different topics in Philosophy. The modules are very interesting and worth learning.
An excellent introduction to basic philosophy, including current debates in the field. Easy to follow for a novice like me.
I love the course. It is very enlightening and does tickle the mind to think. Very captivating facilitators. I enjoyed it!
This course is divided into several topics of philosophy based on the expertise area of each teacher. Very enlightening :)
A very useful and informative introduction to philosophy for anybody interested in thinking and having a questioning mind.
A very resourceful and mind-opening course. Need to take more time to absorb it.  Thanks for all the professors making it.
Excellent intro and lectures delivered in straight forward language.  Highly recommended.  Thank you to all the lecturers
I loved every second! very intriguing . gave good insight. will keep an eye out for the university of Edinburgh for sure!
A fantastic experience with committed teachers, quality materials and a well structured step by step delivery. Thank you.
I think it's the best course because it gives many kinds of knowledge. Then  I can use the knowledge to adapt to my life.
absolutely excellent course, I learned a great deal and the teaching made that possible. Could not recommend more highly
It's a great introduction to understand what philosophy is and what she is not. Thank you for effective and fun journey!
I've learned so much through this course, would highly recommend it to anyone interested in learning what Philosophy is.
Great course. I've learned about many interesting topics about philosophy. My critical thinking has enriched very much.
Theories are put out in a simplified manner for easy understanding. Contents are interesting and fun to follow through.
A great entree into Philosophy concepts. Provides a sound foundation for further study in specific areas of Philosophy.
Well prepared materials that provide simple, basic understanding of philosophy. Great effort from the team! Big thanks!
One of the best course i have ever made in this plataform, Greatest professors and really interesting topics. Thank you
Excellent course! The structure and content were well laid out, easy to understand and incredibly interesting. Thanks!
I learnt a lot from this course. This course is designed very easily to understand. Thank you University of Edinburgh.
Great intro course with wide ranging topics. great for a foundation and springboard for further research and learning
Amazing course. Nice materials and content. But some web links which are suggested for further reading are not valid.
Simple and entertaining. The materials are well-thought of and presented in ways that are relevant to everyday lives.
Excellent overview of some specializations within the field of philosophy. Summaries are presented in an engaging way
I feel so enlightened by this course. It is very recommended for those who want to start getting to know Philosophy.
It has been an excellent learning experience for me. The topics covered and the approach of teachers is appreciable.
it's my first finished course here. it's clearly, logical, helpful for me to learn language and philosophy knowledge
Very thought provoking and informative. A great 'introduction' to some fairly deep concepts. I very much enjoyed it.
Superb. A great introduction to many concepts. The Free Will and time travel on week 5 are fascinating.Thanks a lot.
The course dealt with questions that we grapple with on a daily basis. I found it very enlightening and empowering.
It give us very basic concept of philosophy, even everyone who doesn't study deep in philosophy can join this class
Really brilliant. Thanks to everyone involved. Looking forward to reading the Philosophy for everyone book. Cheers!
Great introduction! covers a great deal of information and gives you enough resources to keep learning on your own.
I thought that this course was a very good introduction. It gave brief glimpses into different kinds of philosophy.
Good introduction to Philosophy. Course length is appropriate and assignments are at the right level of difficulty.
I really enjoyed the course. All the instructors were great. Would love to be able to meet them in person one day.
I like this course very much because i learned about a lot of themes around the big theme which is the philosophy
Great course.Great to the starting philosopher. And anyone who wants to learn a bit more about how we all think!
This is an enjoyable course that covers a few of the basic ideas in philosophy and how to think philosophically.
Awesome! I came from venezuela expecting a lot of wisdom, and i get more than i ever expected! thanks a lottttt
It was INDEED a good experience to know the fundamentals of Philosophy. Very well explained.Thank you very much
Good spectrum of topics covered; question / quiz format is helpful too. Recommend as a great broad introduction
Thank you, it was really helpful to learn concepts with clear explanations and very well prepared assignements
I really enjoy this curse. Thank You very much for all the information that you gived me. Best for the future!
Well structured course, great instructors, they master the subject and make the course a really enjoyable one.
Showed me a different way to see life. Philosophy as a lens to look clearer or cloudier, depends on the angle.
It was a very fulfilling course. It gives a clear introduction and the material they link to you is excellent
This class is awesome!! I learned so much, and it has really sparked my interest in other philosophy classes!
Overall enjoyed the videos and information. Added to my knowledge and processing of information thank you :)
This course has taught me much in so little time, i'm truly looking forward to completing the entire course.
It was a great experience. Mostly all videos was interesting and quiz help me to implement my understanding
Challenging and complicated, the tests were particularly difficult. Thought provoking and worth the effort.
I read many books about philosophy but this course though me in sequential manner, cleared my understanding
I am very pleased to finished this course, great thanks to all lecturers!!! It was well intersting journey.
The course was very insightful, as I gained a look into every field that philosophy could be practiced in.
Really interesting and enjoyable course if you want to get under the skin of philosophy at a starter level
This course is very beneficial to get a basic understanding of Philosophy. I highly recommend this course.
the course is very good very entertaining I learned a lot
Thanks a lot I recommend the course is excellent
This course is challenging yet interesting. It really makes you think. I am glad I have experienced this.
Very entertaining and varied course! It covers a wide array of topics and the professors are all engaging
Very well structured and good for beginners. Time travel and philosophy was great! I highly recommend it.
It was very informative and interesting. Provided some very intriguing questions for reflective thinking.
A very nice introduction into the philosophical way of thinking!  The mentors are great and well versed!
Really engaging and at the perfect level. Has made me really consider studying philosophy at university.
Excellent courses, first gate of philosophy, highly reccomded any one want to know more about philosophy
Fascinating course. Thanks, I am really grateful for everyone helped creating such an excellent course.
HIGHLY INFORMATIVE, PLEASING PRESENTATION WITH BEST EXAMPLES REALLY LOVED THE WAY THEY TOOK THE CLASSES
This course is informative and enjoyable. I would highly recommend it to anyone interest in Philosophy!
Very interesting course. Already started to look for another one from Edinburgh University. Great job!
Great course, excellent topics... they are about interesting themes and questions in the world. Thanks
Good course,i absolutely gained more knowledge about human beliefs and thoughts.Thank you instructors.
Very good Course, a lot of variety of subjects so you can have the idea on the way Philosophy works,
Great course to the introduction to philosophy. It opens a door for philosophical curious outsiders.
The most thing I like in this course is we are not bond of time. On assignment is very great to do.
Great introduction to a wide range of ideas and intellectual endeavours in the field of philosophy.
Thank you very much for all the instructors, all the topics were very informative and interesting!
very well explained.... I regret to haven't follow philosophy course in high school in france now!
It is a great course on philosophy. Kinda bulky for lectures and discussion but worth it. Thanks.
Very nice, straightforward course that gives a good introduction to several philosophical topics.
Excellent course, I learned new things about philosophy and new doctrines about morality, freedom
truly being -minded involves some tricky mental work (all theories in this course open my mind !)
I really enjoyed this course. It was really interesting - and not too time consuming!!Thank You!!
This course provides a better overview on philosophy and in turn helps you to think about things.
Thank you for a thoughtful and extremely well presented and absorbing introduction to philosophy.
I loved it. It blew up my mind more than once; plus, the teacher of the last week is really cool.
very good and interactive course. recommended as a starter for those who interest in philosophy.
It is really a good place to start orienting oneself with the scholarly tradition of philosophy.
The most intriguing and beneficial course I have had so far in my life. Thanks to the teachers.
This course is very informative and each lesson discuss a totally different topic, with trying!
Great professor and delightful  way to make appear easy, difficult issues and matters. Thanks !
very interesting and all the professors explained the theories to a quite understandable level!
Was a great experience, I learned more about Philosophy and I developed more knowledge, Thanks!
i learn alot and its just and introduction, involves you alot and made you want to learn more.
It was really good and very much informative within this short time limit.Thank You very much!
Good introductory subjects, well presented videos and further reading lists to continue study.
I really enjoyed learning very much. Very good lecture indeed.  5 star you deserve. Thank you.
Excellent class....wonderful lectures and I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course.  Thank you.
Simply outstanding course, even for students who do not have English as their native language.
very interesting view of conteporany philosophy, specially the topics about philosophy of mind
Compact, well-structured, and thought-provoking. My first course at coursera, great beginning
I liked the sequence of each discussion and grasped the ideas being discussed on each topics.
An easy and very pleasant way of learning and understanding the basic concepts of philosophy.
Great introduction to some of the most thought-provoking philosophical questions of our time.
Very informative and thoroughly enjoyable! Thank you to all involved in compiling the course.
I really loved this course, very interesting and pleasant! Many thanks to all the professors!
Loved it. The lecturers are very informative and the concepts are passed in a very easy tone.
A great opportunity to learn about major issues concerning modern philosophy. Thank you all!
A great overview.  There were topics I wanted to study in depth but it was a great overview.
This course is vary useful to me.I really very proud of the couse.It increases my knowledge
I learn about philosophy clear and perfectly.I thank to coursera website and then teachers.
Thanks for this great course! all the  teachers  excellent and the topics very interesting.
This course give us a basic and broad perspective about the current philosophical problems.
I've learnt a lot about philosophy. The topics are interesting and the video are detailed.
Very  insightful and interesting course. I learned a lot, very knowledgeable and enjoyable
The course is informative and it really talks about introducing Philosophy in lighter way.
Very easy to understand for a complete beginner philosopher starting to expand their mind!
An excellent course providing a great overview of major philosophical ideas and arguments.
Very detailed and engaging course. The supplementary material provided is also excellent.
Very good course gained a good deal of knowledge regarding the introduction to philosophy
Amazing, thoroughly enjoyed this course! Can't think the University of Edinburgh enough!!
Some great content. Course book (purchased separately) is an excellent entry level text.
Found a new horizon of opportunity for me! One of the best course one can ever complete.
A wonderful course that provides just the right amount of challenge to keep one engaged.
nice, wide introduction. great way to stimulate curiosity and prompt to further research
The content of this course is deep and broad enough and the lectures are in high quality
Very memorable and very educational.  I learned more about the topic with these modules.
An excellent course that makes you ask and answer really important questions about life.
I really enjoy this class. Thank you for the lessons. I have learn many thing from this
The course is excellent; relevant content, informative lectures and extensive readings.
A very interesting introduction with diverse topics which impulse you to keep studying.
Some classes are really tricky and require better explanation (ex: Minds and computers)
Very good information, thank you so much for all experience gained through this course.
An updated perspective of the main topics of Philosophy.  Rich enough to understand it.
Very well planned course which introduces to various schools to thought in Philosophy.
Awesome course. I love philosophy but still learned a bit in this introductory course.
i love the art the love and all thee harmony in this picture!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was fun, concise and gave a peek into all the different disciplines of philosophy.
Very good and informative course.  I enjoyed being forced to think outside the box :)
Great whirlwind introduction to central problems in philosophy. Very well presented.
This being my first course inspires me to continue learning online and continuously!
Its a great course. I am happy to learn more philosopy for my activity of professor.
This course gave me a basic academic knowledge of my favourite subject, philosophy.
Enjoyed learning this course. Great help from Instructors. Thank YouRajani Neupane
I learn a lot about brain and computer, this course has many resources that I need
Very good, I’m grateful to the faculties and for the provided material. Thank you.
Very clear, well-structured introductory course to Philosophy. Highly recommended!
A wonderful brief journey to the wonder of philosophy. I am glad I took the course
Fantastic! Thanks for introducing me to so many interesting themes on philosophy!
Very good and interesting course, esp. time travel and political obligation units
My first take on the subject, surely something I would like to study more about!
I really enjoyed the course.  The instructors all did a wonderful job with their
It was amazing going through this course. It was designed very well. I loved it
Really interesting course, led me to take a module in philosophy at University.
Wonderful introduction to philosophy! Even Schopenhauer would be happy with it!
Excellent introduction to the basics of philosophy.  Lecturers are really good.
Two weeks until now and I can wait to see all topics left to discuss and learn.
This course is truly amazing. It is very advanced course for a beginner level.
Was a succesfully experiencie. I recomend this course. Thanks for your effort.
Really well done, a good overview of some interesting philosophical questions.
Great teachers, very interesting subjects!I've learned a lot from this course!
Excellent course for begginers in philosophy. Enjoyed all the lecturers a lot.
This course is very helpful in understanding the basics of Philosophy deeply.
With the help of this course,I acquired knowledge in the fields of philosophy
Just an Amazing experience. Feeling blessed. I wish I had found this earlier.
This is a brilliant course in terms of core and deep knowledge of philosophy.
Thank you for an interesting reading list and well delivered set of lectures.
Lovely. The choice of two tracks is really nice. All topics were fascinating.
This course is an excellent introduction to philosophy. It is short but ripe.
It'd be a lot more fun, if you also present a sequel of the current course !!
fantastic and thorough introduction to some fascinating aspects of philosophy
Very interesting course! I've learned a lot... and it changed the way I thin
This was amazing course introducted me into Phylosophy. I want to review it!
I have learned a lot about philosophy. And it has been helpful for me a lot
Excellent course with challenging questions and very interesting questions.
I really enjoy it. this is good platform to learn introducion to philoshopy
A very concise yet comprehensive introduction to the subject of Philosophy.
it is good to know real knowledge not just biased and religious or cultural
Very good course, the classes were very elusive and the teacher is amazing.
The course made me realized my misconceptions in many philosophical topics
Really interesting and has a wide variety of relevant philosophical ideas.
Clear explanations, thought provoking, lots of introductory ground covered
An awesome course that covers lots of areas and basic ideas of philosophy!
Very Extra Ordinary and Excellent course. I have enjoyed it.Thanks team!!
This is very relatable and interesting for me. Thank you for this course.
This course is useful for me and I learn new something about Philosophy .
Great Introduction to Philosophy.- 1star for SUPER bad chinese subtitles.
A year after this course, I am pursuing my masters in Philosophy now. :-)
It is a deeply interesting course. I really enjoied. Thank you very much!
This Course really thought me how to expand my perspective on everything.
Very interesting Course with lots of critical and life changing question
Thank you Coursera and The Edinburgh University for such a great course!
Fantastic! Now I'm more interested in philosophy than I have never been.
Very enjoyable introduction to the mesmerizing world of Philosophy...  T
Great course!  Nice informative lectures! Well done.  Very interesting.
very well achived. great materials. great professors. thank you for all
Nice easy course to break yourself into philosophy and the study of it.
It is undoubtedly one of the best courses on Philosophy for Beginners.
Great introduction to some of the current big questions in philosophy.
I loved it, everything made absolute sense and was explained perfectly
So far it is brilliant. Loved Dr Pritchard's lecture on Gettier Cases.
Really informative and interesting course, learnt a lot and enjoyed it
This course is good for everyone to understand more about philosophy.
i am definitely going to think more. i greatly recommend this course.
The course is wonderful, I am very grateful for everything I learned.
I learned so much! The topics were very interesting and mind opening.
Awesome course, lots of interesting information. Thank you very much!
It's an informative and engaging course for anyone new to Philosophy.
Great introduction to the way of doing philosphy. Highly recommended!
Wonderful teachers, a wonderful space for reflection and speculation
It is an excellent introductory course to improve critical thinking.
One of the most beautiful and challenging course I have come across.
Amazing course. I really learnt a lot. Thanks Coursera and the team,
wonderful course. very interesting and thought provoking, thank you!
Excellent instructors and interesting materials make this a delight!
Excelent group of teachers that makes things very, very interesting!
excellent information and excellent teachers. thanks for everything
Very enlightening. Opened my eyes to a whole new world of thinking.
A really good introduction to Philosophy. I enjoyed a lot learning!
Introduced me to a lot of new perspectives! Perfect for a beginner
I personal love philosophy on that the certificate is a non-credit
Awesome experience for me, awesome handouts and awesome lecturers!
fascinating. very good introduction  to  philoosphcal  questions.
THIS IS MY FIRST COURSE I TOOK. IT HAS BEEN AN AWESOME EXPERIENCE
it's good and provide all major issue in philosophy for beginner
I love this course, I have learn the basic theory of philosophy.
Excellent course for beginners.Motivational and well structured.
It was great way to introduce myself to the world of Philosophy.
Enjoyed the class very much. Just the right amount of challenge!
As a non-humanities specialized person, I liked it pretty much.
It is a brief introduction to some basic aspects of philosophy.
Very helpful way to introduce the basics in a not-so-basic way.
Great course to improve critical thinking and analytical skills
This is definitely one of the best courses I have taken so far.
Excellent course! Very interesting topics. Very well explained.
introduces you to a good array of topics two get you thinking.
I very much enjoyed the topics and learned so much. Thank you!
I'm very thankful and grateful for the information i received.
Amazing and easy to follow, paced nicely and very interesting!
Great course for someone who has never had a Philosophy course
This course gave me a new way to look at the world around us.
IT WAS A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE FOR BEING A PART OF THIS COURSE
Really interesting and just about to sign up for another one!
It was very simple and nice in terms of the teaching Methodes
Easy to follow along and explains Philosophy in simple terms.
the course content was very much good and it was very useful.
Lovely introduction to philosophy for beginners like myself.
it is relevwnt what wr studied earlier and very interesting.
Really comprehensive and helpful. I just need to learn moore
Well organized content, excellent instructors! Easy and fun!
It absolutely help you to think about things on the best way
Thank you for this great opportunity. I have learned a lot.
things are clear, handouts are informative. Thanks a lot!!!
After these lectures, I don't know weather I exit or not...
Excellent introduction to some of the topics in philosophy.
Great option for anyone interested in learning the basics.
Excellent course. Very glad to have completed this course.
It was a great experience, and now I'm ready to learn more
A fabulous course! I recommend to all the thinking beings!
Brilliant,Fabulous & Glamorous Content.Thoroughly Enjoyed.
it was a wonderful course that improved my way of thinking
Super interesting course which will help you think, a lot!
I hada great experience with the talks and the activities.
Fantastic. Loved it. I Highly recommend taking this course
It will be useful to add onthology and metaphysics themes.
As i am a fan of Philosophy, i am very enjoyed the course
I love it, was very interesting and a lot of information.
As a lawyer, I can say that this course was useful to me.
Very informative, clear, well produced and comprehensive.
Time of my life, thanks for the experience and everything
So much thing to learn 👍Really enjoy the whole course ❤
Excellent course. An eye opener for a lay person like me
very nicely designed. Some more topics can also be added
A worth try for people who want to experience philosophy
Excellent introduction to the main topics of Philosophy.
Great course. Very informative and interesting lectures.
Very nice! Understood a lot about Philosophy. Thank you!
This is an amazing course to start learning philosophy.
Introduction to philosophy is a best course in Coursera
Great Overview of Philosophy :) Would highly recommend!
The topics are very well explained. Highly recommended.
A fair chance to broaden. Thank you all for the travel.
it's a interesting course and I learned a lot from it!
The best course  first step in a course one could get.
Enjoyed learning about the introduction of philosophy.
Very useful and helpful for a beginner. Learned a lot.
This a great course Thanks to instructor and Coursera
It's a very good course and I learn with to much fun.
Thanks for the interesting course! It was informative
It was a great introduction to philosophy! Thank you!
I learn a lot, I hope to study in edinburgh someday!
Great intro course to philosophy, really enjoyed it!
interesting， I‘d like to learn more about philosophy
Good variety and challenging but achievable. Thanks.
Very well done for anyone passionate about learning.
A great introductory course to philosophical ideas.
It was really an informative and conceptual course.
One of the best MOOCs I've ever studied ! Thank you
This course is really interesting and engaging. :-)
excellent teachers, clear method, great involvment.
This was great. Thanks for everything. Bendiciones.
This was a great introductory course to Philosophy.
Great curse! G through major philosophical issues.
the best part for me was the first part of week 5
This course is very good. Thank's for everything.
The content and the professors both are amazing!
Very good course to introduce you to philosophy.
very informative, convenient, and helpful course
A vey well explained basic course for beginners.
Great introduction to general philosophy topics.
Amazing course, time travel topic was the best!
It's very useful to me to know about philosophy
Really thought provoking and interesting course
I´m willing to take more courses like this one.
I've learned a lot of wisdom from this course.
I really loved the Introduction of Philosophy.
Well explained topics. A lot of good readings.
Excellent course as introduction to Philosophy
It was very informative and a great experience
Excellent course, one of the best I ever took!
Fantastic. Thank you. Funny tennis ball story.
I learned a lot from the teachers, thank you!
Thank you so much coursera! Happy learning <3
Thank you so much for this great opportunity.
Great way to expand your horizon of knowledge
Very interesting course. I am learning a lot.
It's very interesting course. I'll recommende
A very good basic introduction to the topic.
This is a very clear and easy to understand.
So, it is real knowledge! Thank you so much!
Superbly insightful. It's a vision of life.
Very good course, definitely recommend this
Wonderful travel. Happy joining the course.
The rise of my mind starts from this course
There has been a great learning experience.
It really is an introduction to philosophy.
Very interesting  Had a lot of fun with it.
I'm enjoying this course. Great knowlegment
VerygoodstartinPhilosophy.Highlyrecommend.
Very Good, Very Informative! Thanks a Lot!
Good start for the beginers to Philosophy.
Very nice introduction to the subject area
Exellent intro. I would welcome a followup
Highly thought provoking and stimulating!
It's totally helpful and nice opportunity
This course is really fantastic and fun!!
ThankyoucourseraandUniversityofEdinburgh.
amazingly concise and well picked topics!
I just love this course awesome love it.
Very introductional but still meaningful
An fantastic introduction to philosophy!
OUT OF THE WORLD, OUTSTANDING, AWESOME.
great introduction and very interesting
This course is so good! worth learning!
enlightening, fun and thought provoking
Interesting topics and great lecturers.
amazing course,professional but funny .
Excellent. Informative and challenging
Generally, a very enlightening course!
Great way to acquire knowledge! AAA+++
it' a great course with good teachers.
Really clear and functional so far. A+
Great experience. Keep up the Quality
Excellent, direct and well exposed !!
Congratulations for this nice course.
Solid overview; great place to start.
excelent and very interesting course.
Interesting and well prepared course.
easy to understand and interesting!!!
Wonderful!!!!! Great Instructors!!!!
One of the great course that I have!
Excellent course. Really enjoyed it.
I learnt a lot and it was really fun
One of the best course on this site
week 5 was awesome...amazing course
Very interesting and easy to learn!
Helps newly interested philosophers
good course liked it alot thank you
Great course. Knowledgeable tutors.
I enjoy all the information. thanks
excellent quality of study material
clearly understanding the concepts
Successful!!Thanks for everything!
Good course, enjoyed the lectures.
Excelent content and course flow!
Thought-provoking and challenging
It's really very important to us.
Deeply meaningful life discovery!
Nice introduction for Philosophy.
Was excellent. Content and layout
Very Good and Enjoyable to Study
Really nice! Learned the basics.
motivated me to study philosophy
Help to know philosophical view.
Great Basic COurse on Philosophy
So clear and objective. Love it.
rally informative. thanks a lot
Just great. That's all from me.
great information on Philosophy
Quite challenging but workable.
great course. well programmed.
Very good course and lecturers
Thoroughly enjoyed the course!
It is interesting. Thank you !
VERY USEFUL AN EASY TO ACCESS
its Excellent, so interesting
excelent course , thanks....
Wonderful course.....enjoyed
It's a great course. Thanks!
Loving it so far, brilliant.
Thank you! Very interesting!
Wonderful and challenging...
a nice start for philosophy!
Awesome, witty, informative.
Great course, amazing staff
great learning experience.
Good and engaging content.
Introduction to Philosophy
Thanks to great Professors
The best, congratulations.
IT is perfect introduction
I really liked the topics.
It really helped me a lot.
Very clear and good start.
Good and nicely explained
Loved every minute of it!
A very interesting class!
Informative and engaging!
Good course for everyone
Thank you , really great
Best learning experience
Awesome, simply awesome!
This Course is Fantastic
Really good information!
i don't take the course.
We well designed course.
Thanks.Very good course
This course was so fun!
Difficult but worth it.
Yeah I feel really good
So fun and educational!
A very good one to pick
That’s Amazing 😍😍😍😍
Very good course it is.
Interestingly amazingly
Incredibly interesting.
Extremely fascinating.
Pretty awesome course!
Well organize course !
very important for me
Very important Course
Wonderfully composed!
like this course. thx
enjoying experience!!
Thank you, very much
Great and thank full
Good course overall.
i learned so much <3
everybody must do it
Highly informative.
Very insightful and
excellent thank you
Love this course :)
Osm course for bca
Simply wonderful.
It's pretty good.
I really love it.
love the course.
It was great  !
Really amazing.
Best knowledge
Made me think!
I loved it!!!
Good one Dave
Simply GREAT!
Really Good!
cornhub mmm.
learn a lot
Loved it <3
Is nice!
Ir
