The topic of the course is crucial and very interesting, however, the Professor way of teaching and representing the materials of the course is boring, not inspiring and creative, I find it a bit outdated.
I was sure I could use this for academy credit. I feel cheated :-(.I guess i learned a valuable lesson, read the fine print.BTW the etymology reading was terrible.
I'd joined free course.      But I've not got my Certificate after completion tha course.
I can't achive a certificate 😢
i cannot continue course with some items blocked
I really enjoyed the lecturer; what a energetic teacher. Yet I have complaints about the way in which the lectures are presented.  I don't think the convos are the best way for me to grasp the idea, especially for a complex topic as SDGs.
I already knew a great deal of the subject, primarily because I used Lester Brown's book, Plan B as a text for a sustainability sociology course I taught a few years ago.  This course primarily focused on the international efforts to deal with climate change.  I enjoyed it.Steven L. Stoll, American Expat living in Thailand
Incomplete and a bit one-sided. EKC has counter outcomes that are not shared in the course. The decisionmaking of the indicators, as well as measurement methods, are not discussed, which are in my eyes crucial as it cofounds the accountability hierarchy and regulatory governance within the framework.
Sometimes dry in the approach, though the information always seemed relevant. I was never able to enter the discussion forums. It would either continue to load, but never load. Or, I would receive and error message.
good introduction; strong focus on environment; would love to have the transcript for download or at least the copy paste function working.
An interesting introduction to sustainable development in terms of both social and environmental sustainability.
It would be better to have more insights about the relation of education and health with SDGs
A short yet useful glimpse into the nuances of the SDGs
Good intro to the SDGS
Well structured, easy to follow basics for understanding the SDGs. Less one star, because the content and resources are already a little bit outdated.
I loved the course and found it covered a lot of ground - and the experts interviewed gave the course good credibility. My only criticisms/areas for improvement would be - a link to / update on the OXFAM Donugth framework paper as it is from 2012 - a more recent update relating to that would have been useful. Also, from a functionality perspective - it's great you can highlight and take notes from videos but if you want to take notes from readings you have to do it OUTSIDE of Coursera - an inbuilt notes tool would be useful to keep all your learnings in one place.
This course, as methodically taught by Katherine (coupled with the discussions with other collaborators) has opened my eyes as a job seeker and as an intending Masters student to understand what the SDGs mean, why they exist, how they came about, the targets they set in clear terms and what my role is in achieving these goals. I have a deeper purpose for wanting a Masters degree and getting a job, I hope getting an opportunity in these two areas of my endeavour gives me an opportunity to attain these SDGs on the long run.
The course is detailed,cutting age information and well delivered . However some links have been disabled and needs to be 
looked into.It also needs to be up dated .Lastly considering the rigorous  content of the course, the units covered and marks scored should be reflected on the certificate. This will be be better confirmation to employers and peers of the skills and knowledge acquired.
I find this course to be very relevant and engaging. The theories and different perspectives on the SDGs helped a lot in forming my own opinion and have motivated me to learn more about my role in sustainable development. However, I wish that the course would stress the urgency of action even more be more critical towards the role of governments, businesses and consumer behavior.
Very Informative course on the SDGs.The best part was that the goals were explained from the basic level comprising of all the international protocols that took place and what are the key facets that will affect the progress of Sustainable Development Goals.Special mention about Christian Grimes for being an amazing lecturer; taking us through the course in an insightful manner.
The Sustainable Development Goals - A global, transdisciplinary vision for the future is a wonderful course for anyone who wants to have an overview of the 2030 Agenda and the SDGs. Moreover, the course could have more examples from other countries as well of how they manage to get or not done their national goals within the spectrum of the SDGs.
I have a much deeper understanding of the SDGs, was surprised on the major impact of agriculture on climate change and hope to see Doughnut Economics take hold in my life-time.  I recommend this lesson to anyone whom wants to learn about the relationships that our planet and human kind must come to terms with.
This was a great course which helped me to better the SDGs and global sustainability issues currently being grappled with. A good way to have a better understanding of major issues which we may not be experiencing personally. Really enjoyed the variety of interviewees.
Very insightful course into not just understanding the SDGs but also how they interact. I think the content is highly relevant and well presented. I think the diversity of thought leaders interviewed can be improved to present a more global narrative on these issues.
Very well designed course, Its an wonderful opportunity for everyone to understand about Sustainable development Goals and how one can contribute toward it. I definitely would like to go for further understanding and about SDGs and its impact on my country.
Learnt a lot and  i am very glad i took it. Precise points which get us hooked up to the whole world of SDG's. Highly recommended for students as well as general public who just want to know what the noise about all these SDG's is!
Including more case studies on implementation mechanisms, as well as an update on where we stand, now, in 2020, five years after the establishment of goals, would make the course more practical.
Wonderful course, covered the main parts of Sustainable development goals and some good insight in the selected goals and a way forward on bow we can be able to achieve the Agenda 2030.
The Course really helped me understand the various aspects of Sustainable development better and how different factors or societal actors can come together and help work on the goals.
The course could include more insight into development challenges of developing countries like India where you could actually find a lot of research around challenging SDG framework.
Good an information but rather biased on terms of the key messages. Did not address any potentially critical either positions or negative developments to any larger degree.
This was a very interesting and enlightening course - I would recommend it to everyone. However, a few of the additional reads, have been removed from the linked servers.
This is an excellent introduction to anyone interested in working with the SDGs. The workload is manageable, but the content still allows to get a deeper understanding.
The Sustainable Development Goals – A global, transdisciplinary vision for the future was a very distinguish learning course to know more about human resourcefulness.
Quite explanatory and the pace is wonderful, just wondering if it will be okay to add more images and paint real life situations to buttress the points made therein
The Professor was excellent. The curriculum was appropriate. The only reason I gave this class 4/5 instead of 5/5 stars was because of the Coursera user interface.
I believe this course can be more interactive and interesting . But thanks to our instructor And guest scholars for sharing their knowledge and experiences.
Excellent course to understand the intention behind the SDGs. The readings were extremely insightful to help interconnect the goals and target indicators.
It is a good lesson for who need more education about environment and policy to the future. And also to prepare to reach the better world with SDG goal's.
Great course! The last week was especially eye opening. I just wish I had more information about other SDGs, since the course focuses mostly in a few.
lectures were a bit long so it was difficult to stick to listening just an interview for 20 min or more, otherwise the topics were very interesting
Very informative, liked the animated economics lectures. Making some of the lectures  shorter might help better grasp the message of the course.
It was very informative and right on spot for learning the essentials and getting the overall understanding of SDGs. I highly recommend to all.
This course helps you to fully understand the SDGs and their importance.  And the role each individual has to play to make the SDGs a reality
It was really nice, I love this feature with invited experts in every lecture, but as for me, I need more concreted facts about every goal.
Gained so insight on the course. Very interesting. I paid for the certificate, kindly acknowledge and issue the certificate.Many thanks
A very well structured and informative course on SDGs. The discussions with experts for each module was especially intersting. Thanks
A very good course however I would like to have more information about How to measure including How to compare progress for each goal
Excellent presentation by the instructor made everything quite easy.I understood the 17 S D Gs clearly.Thanks a lot Coursera.
The course format was good. The learning journey was interesting with videos, reading literature and discussion exercise.
Basic theory course about sustainable development concept is really good!Was curious to found about Doughnut economics.
This class is great, but I think it would be better if it has a longer duration since it's loaded with so many details.
This course is really informative. But if instructor provide presentation slides, it'll be easy to understand more.
The best course about SDG for beginners! Simple and easily learnable. Additional reading materials are useful.
Very informative course that makes each one of us to know more about 17 sustainable development goals
it was a very insightful and helpful course and made me learn about the world around us a bit more
Very informative, good level of content and quizzes, not too easy, but not too challenging either.
A brief yet sophisticated overview of Sustainable Development Goals. I enjoyed this course a lot
Very well organized and relevant. Maybe some of the links and articles should soon be updated
The course is very useful to know the current situation happening in and around our globe.
It requires some knowledge of sustainable development and history on ecological terms
It was a very interesting and awesome lectures to know about the sustainability.
Good more free courses can be developed for better understanding of the society.
Great information, but more visuals in the lecture components would be useful.
loved the objective behind the course contents-interviews and short quizzes
I really benefited more from the course than I expected before enrollment.
It was very insightful, however information could delivery was a bit dull.
Good course. Learnt a lot about SGDs and the linkage between each SDGs.
It was great learning and knowing about sustainable development goals
It was a mind blowing and a sustainable period learning here.
really helpful....its worthy to send time with this course.
It was where nice to learn sustainable development goals.
Good but was hoping to understand more about UN workings
I have learned a lot about the SDGs, thank you very much
Great course to understand the basics of the 2030 Agenda
good course given lots of info with easy  understanding
Could be more interactive. Content is very useful.
This course is totally good and informative
clear and rich ,excellent course
Interesting course!!
Thanks. It’s helpful
I enjoy the course
Fantastic course! I love the design of the course, especially the engagement with guests with various expertise, which provides a broad picture of SDGs as they are interdisciplinary by nature.
A well narrated course on Sustainable Development Goals. I will recommend all the present generation Social Development Professionals should take up the course, to understand the SDGs.
This course opened up my mind to the various challenges confronting human beings in  our world currently. It has made me aware of the important role that I have to play to change the world situation.
Interactive, up to date, relevant and to the point discussions. The course provides an in-depth analysis into SDGs objectives but also core challenges in implementing them.
An outstanding course with an exceptional facilitator and speakers. I have learned so much that I can actually apply to my real world interactions, thank you.
I have satisfied with this course. I got many knowledge about SDG's. In the future, i want to develop my knowledge more and more. I hope I could participate in the next course.
I would recommend this course to any educator who needs a little more understanding about the history and direction of the SDGs.
So glad to participate in the course before starting our business of PE funds and its holding company in Japan. Now in Japan, some enterprises and organisations start applying SDGs to their activities, however, their primary focus is NOT on environmental issues. Rather, they take an easy way to dealing with social equilibrium. It's also good to tackle but I think now is the time to have a hard look at the climate mitigation and environmental issues. Therefore, this course is absolutely good to start. Thank you so much for your help!
I attended this course as a practicing architect and university instructor. The course materials are at a beginner level, which I think is great. This allows us to think in a trans-disciplinary way for the sake of SDGs in the future. I will be definitely interested in another course about SDGs in countries with limited financial resources and/or high density. I am also interested in knowing more about how SDGs are applied since 2015.
its a very important course to learns by all human population so that the efforts to prevent the threat from human activities is shared by all individual not communities or governments. the 17 goal of UN targets could be added to primary schools teaching so that people adapts to respect the environment as a norms
Informative and well structured course on sustainable development goals: it helped me to understand better how we can shape the future by going through the SDGs and chose the actions which can influence the world in a positive manner.
This course fully meet my expectations. It helps to make a clear image of current world situation from different prospectives. Economical, political and ecological issues related to the sustainable develooment are considered.
Must have it for everyone, for every citizen of this world in order to understand better the importance of sustainability goals, and their meaning, that many of us may not even notice or realise
I learnt a whole lot from this course. I gained new knowledge, learned new terms that would forge my future studies. I know more about the SDGs than I did before this course. Thank you for this!
The course is good. It gives us a good introduction to the SDG's of Agenda 2030.
Excellent intro course to the SDGs! I was thrilled by the much care taken by the Prof. Katherine Richardson and her team to provide a clear and easy-to-understand -content on a global topic. I have taken important lessons from this MOOC such as the change in paradigm of Natural resources, the International development of Global sustainable goals, the human condition for reaching the SDGs, and many more. I wish I can apply and outreach the SDGs in my work and in my professional network.Many thanks for all the material and the effort. It is a great time to live in, not only for what our society has done but also for what a challenge we have in front of us  Cheers for the accomplishment of the SDGs and the Global Agenda 2030.
The only improvement I would suggest is a simple check of the computer links.From a private individual's perspective, I would find this a useful introduction to thinking globally and introducing to other private individuals from adolescence to adulthood the very real, undeniable scientific fact that we, the collective wee, need to take responsibility for both changing our own behaviors and insisting our businesses and governments change their policies and action in order to survive as a species on this planet.
The course is very insightful, touching on the inter-connectivity of the SDGs, beaming light on the system approach and role of research in achieving the SDGs. The idea of Inequality and cherry picking was something i had suspected but never knew it has been opinionated on the scale of global economic discussions. Great dynamics with the doughnut economy as well, Professor Katherine Richardson and her guests were so spot on were pellucid in their overall engagement of the course. Now i know more. Thank you,
The course focuses on the entire global perspective of the future we hope to live for the next generation, so that if adopted and gotten used to, they might thrive for more than 10,000 years. The course is so detailed in the shortest way that it focuses on all parts of the world that none of the societies feels left out in terms of highlighting what roles they need to play in achieving the UN 2030 agenda of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals.
It is a very interessing course because gave to students a global view of the main aspects a global sustainable in the UN framework.However as a Biochemistry sudent I think that in the SDGs 3, 9, 13, 14, e 15 must approach the contaminants and pollutans (chemical) and the explain the difference and the environmental impact. In the micobiological skill the approach was mentioned by Prof Peter Furu, namely the contamination trough animals.
I found this course very interesting and i learnt new concepts which will definitely help in  the uptake of various interventions related to SDGs. The content of the reading material was so good and selection of guest speakers was remarkable. Many thanks to the course instructor for engaging us with a much needed topic that everyone should be cognizant about. Looking forward for more interesting courses like this one.
superb introduction to the SDGs and how they are inter-related and overlapping. A much needed scientific approach to the SDGs and learning about the anthropocene age, and the very inspiring input from the guest lecturers about resilience, doughnut economy and planetary boundaries. A treasure chest for information and insights. On the downside, there was not many "solutions" or opportunities presented within the scope of reaching the goal of Paris Agreement
It's a wonderful course indeed. It has described SDGs issues very elaborately and clearly. I liked the facilitator, Katherine Richardson. She spoke very clearly with sufficient pause and she went slowly which has help learners like me who are not very fluent in English. I am thankful to Copenhagen University and relevant faculties for developing such a rich course.
This course is an eye opener about the happenings around the world. It has broaden my knowledge about the SDGs, it objectives, framework and working principle towards achieveing them. We all are involved and a collective effort of our 'Push' would drive us closer to them. We need to prepare for our better future starting from today.#YesWeCan
The course was outstanding, knowledgeable and based on facts and research. Learning about global sustainable development goals from a well reputed professional and institution was really joyful. I have done Masters, since I was not familiar with some of the key facts about sustainability which this course has bring to me. Thank you
I have had a eye-opening, informative and integrated learning experience with the program. The program covers not only a deeper understating of why the SDGs are important but also provided me with a systems approach guideline that I can put in work for the industry I work for. I appreciate the further reading as well as the videos.
*Those detailed lectures on SDGs and their importance were really helpful and the reading materials after some videos did help a lot.
*Getting to know about the relationship between Resilience and Sustainability was another good score to be added on.
*Those quizzes of Nine questions were helpful enough to think and question myself if I paid much attention to the lectures.
*Opinions coming from different Professors and what measures have had been taken and should be taken, much helped in order for us to understand where we, our countries actually stand and what the purpose of the AGENDA 2030 and also AGENDA 21 really are about.
*About the role of business in SDGs.
Lastly, Thank you Prof. Katherine Richardson for emphasizing on such major topics through your comprehensive lectures but in a precise way and also sharing your knowledge with us. Had a great experience, learning from you.
Very informative course..!! SDG should definitely be made a part of curriculum in schools as well as colleges, because when the students are getting ready and building up their sense of right or wrong in their young age, reading and understanding about sustainability in an interesting way will help them inculcate these values easily and without any additional efforts.  That's the right age when their conditioning can be done in right direction and they can understand sustainability, living with nature instead of inclining towards capitalism, materialism. As after getting higher education, job and loans,no one can and would like to think about sustainability as they get stuck with their duties and responsibilities.
This course offers a beautiful journey for the learner to review the bilateral or collective relations between the SDGs and the efforts made at various levels to reach them in 2030, and the special thing about  this course is the conversations that the lecturer had with the guests from the various disciplines to show the impact of the different contributions on achieving these goalsIn my opinion, this course is necessary for all interested people in sustainable development.And by virtue of my work in the field of sustainable development, we all have roles we must play and give a “push” to the efforts of our governments to achieve the sustainable development goals.
I got a lot of
knowledge about 17 SDGs, and what is mean by the word Sustainable Development. I
learned how we can measure progress and how the goals are interconnected. How
the human activities are influencing the Earth at the planetary level and
learned the concepts of Anthropocene and Planetary Boundaries. How it really focuses
on monitoring and managing human impacts on climate and biodiversity as well as
the potential consequences of failing to meet the goals of the SDGs relating to
climate and biodiversity. Moreover I enjoyed every reading materials and the
clips of the course and thanks for the wonderful course.
This course on SDG helped me to systematically refresh my understanding of SDGs and how progress can be measures. My overall course experience has been quite enjoyable. This is because, the instructor (Kathrine) delivered the course in a structured and professional manner. The reading and reference materials on SDGs further helped to support the lectures too. The fact that the course was divided into 3 modules helped to make step wise progress in learning too. By the way, to what extent Covid19 virus will impact (or complicate) on the implementation and progress of SDGs? Any thoughts on this? Thank you.
I come from a biological sciences background (Microbiology, Biochemistry and Biotechnology) and it was refreshing to see the nexus between all these three disciplines and the environmental as well as economic aspects of sustainable development being captured clearly. I appreciate that it was all very easy to absorb. The content was very well demystified and distilled to the core topics/issues. The discussions were engaging and the additional resources were of excellent quality. l also loved the creative videos and the discussions with Oxford and Novozymes counterparts. So, very well put together!
The lectures were delivered excellently by Prof Katherine Richardson. The questions posed to various experts were apt and to the point. I am very much impressed by this course and learnt a lot about the sustainable development goals,  interactions among them, the obstacles in the path of achieving SDGs, the role of various organisations like government, companies, NGOs, Civic Societies, etc. are well explained with appropriate examples. I thank Prof Katherine Richardson personally for her mesmerising lectures and I thank Coursera for the opportunity given to undergo this course.
I think this course has been extremely informative and it gives a real-world picture of the current scenario, in terms of wealth, economy, pollution-i.e in the perspective of global development. It is pertinent for each and every one of us to be informed about these facts,to ensure that we realize our duties as a global citizen and we contribute to sustainable development for our future as well as the future generations. Thoroughly enjoyed the videos and the reading material. Highly recommended!
Well designed course that fulfills its objective of providing clear and concise overview of Sustainable Development Goals and its relevance for the management of the global systems supporting humanity. I believe this course will provide every learners with sense of shared responsibility toward achieving Sustainable development Goals.Thanks to Professor Katherine Richardson and University of Copenhagen for the course & for easy accessibility of the same to every interested individual.
This course really made me think about how our actions interfere in the world in general. The teacher explains everything in a very dinamic and nice way, it's like a conversation, actually. Each week, there is a new subject related to sustainability and each video has an interview with someone from the field and it makes it more interesting. I really recommend the course. Congratulations and thank you to coursera and the University of Copenhagen for giving me this huge opportunity.
It’s an insightful and well structured course on Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).Engaging guests with various expertise has added a new dimension. It provides a critical overview on social, economical, environmental and political aspects and their interconnectivity to achieve  sustainable development. Materials helped visualize the global scenarios nicely. Core challenges to implement SDGs has been extraordinarily dealt using real life examples in the course.
A really important course for all parts of the society be it students or even CEOs of large multinational companies. There is an emergency going on in the world and action needs to be taken and with these SDG's a foundation has been laid with goals and objectives that have indicators which will keep on expanding as we go forward and all of us need to align with these goals for a sustainable future where there is complete equality and no one sleeps hungry.
Very well-made and interesting course. To be honest, I did not have really high expectations about this class. I thought it was going to be about "green growth" and how can economies can grow infinitely within a more "sustainable" framework. And thanks to the amazing teacher it was not. It was very critical how our economic system, and gave very inspiring insights about how can Human society evolve differently. Thank you for this course
A very succinct and straight-forward approach of one of the most salient
 topics today and in the near future: sustainable development and the 2030 Agenda. Overall, the course is well structured and 
the materials very appropriate and balanced. Thank you to all the faculty and staff involved to deliver this course, through awareness and skill learning, this is an example of the collective action needed to achieve the SDGs.
A very informative and "to the point" course.  This course highlights the interdependency and the common goal of all 17 SDG's. I would recommend this course to anyone working in health care, education, agriculture, environment, energy, politics, economics...ok, everyone! It is so important to keep this bigger picture in mind, with all its factors, while we continue with our more specific mission, towards a common goal.
Very important course to the current development of the globe in all the perspectives , SDG is guidelines to all for the develop of our community. The course is nicely designed to achieve the target of the subjects, various guest lecturers and resource persons all helped to students to understand the course and the special thanks to the course lecturer, university of  Copenhagen and UN organisations
I really enjoyed how the course is developed using both experts in the field and the UN SDGs reports to give students the opportunity to learn why and how these SDGs were developed.  The complex interconnections between the SDGs does make more sense after the case studies are presented.  Moreover, I liked the instructor so much that I have decided to take more courses that she teaches in Coursera.
The present course is well designed and presented in a comprehensive way, so that the social work practitioners and other developmental professionals would able to avail and it is very useful to them to know the SDGs and its implementation agenda 2030.  Thank you for this opportunity, your team encouraged me to complete the course within time and enabled me to go through several unique concepts.
This course was very insightful and has helped me deepen my knowledge about ways to sustainable development now and in the coming years. More importantly the content was aligned to a global scale which broadened the perspective of sustainability.I highly recommend this course to anyone who wishes to know more about the Global Sustainable Development Goals it's aims, importance and challenges.
The speaker is very knowledgeable of the course content. She asks very critical questions relevant to the issues and content of the Sustainable Development Goals. I learned a better understanding of the goal of promoting the sustainability of the Earth's systems while improving the quality of life among countries. i recommend this course for those learners who want to study the SDGs.
Excellent. Presentation, clarity of concepts, reflections, interactions of all the areas linked to the Sustainable Development Goals.
Visions clearly stated and addressed.
Global context and specific approaches lead to an understanding of the topic and its relevance.
They also encourage social commitment and greater involvement in achieving the Sustainable Development Goals
Phenomenal.Katherine Richardson is able to convey information on climate change and sustainable development in associated and vital aspects of life on earth. You get to watch videos as she talks to top thinkers in their field and often associated with the UN. This is excellent curriculum and enjoyable to watch. This class was put together by super competent minds.
I am very happy to have been offered such a course. This course educates us on the importance of conservation of nature and the many problems that humans face due to exploitation of the environment.Others are suffering because of the excessive exploitation of nature by the nations of the First World. It is recommended that such things be included in the study.
A very wonderful and necessary course for all the people around the globe as we all are stakeholders in achieving sustainable development goals. A thumbs up to the instructor for such an amazing, interactive and detailed insights about such an important topic. One of the thing which can be improved is the length of the videos. They shall be shortened. Thanks
Within a short amount of
time, this course provides so many useful
contents and insights from professionals. Personally, it had offered me so much knowledge and widened my
ideas about SDGs, helped me to think globally and locally, with lots of disciplines involved. This course is one of the best and hopefully will be useful for my current and
future study.
your teaching method is very impassive and streamlined in which the customer and a lot of other data you are one and the material you have collected is also very useful during this course and you have been very helpful to the perspective of other professors. I am glad to join The  SDG course in Coursera site. thank you professor ma'am for your heard work.
A brilliant course that gives great insight into the SDGs set forth by the United Nations Agenda 2030. Provides knowledge on the many happenings worldwide that urgently needs addressing as well as the methods and agreements presently implemented for the same. A well explained course for everyone interested in the field of sustainable development. Thanks!
I commend all who made this course accessible to many. The flow and format of the course was user-friendly and the content was just the right amount of information that it keeps the participants hooked and coming back for more. The information presented were up-to-date, extremely engaging, and so useful for learning professionals and policymakers.
As someone who has never fully delved into the SDGs and their study I believe this course to have really helped me become acquainted with their nature as well as interactions. I believe the topics that have been discussed over the past 3 weeks to be so actual that anybody who is slightly interested in making a difference should attend this course.
Such amazing and eye opening content. It is structured in such a good way and it is very easy to learn. Got to learn many new things from this. And I recommend this course to anyone who has little bit of interest on environment side and in general to all people because it is the need of hour to understand and do something about our planet.
The course was very helpful in offering a crisp understanding of SDGs and how we need to rebuild our world to sustain our environment. Also giving us the entire scenario with a single example made it even easier for us to understand how severe it is. The content of this course is apt for me to utilize in the future for my industry.
I had an interesting time attending the course. As a responible world citizen I consider this as my utmost responsibility to gain knowledge and work towards Climate change. This course is designed in a manner to give you a full picture. Now I understand about how economy affects gap and how economy plays a major role for SDGs.
I have heard a lot about the SDGs but never like this. This has given me so much insight into the workings of the SDGs and help me understand how to go about contributing/addressing the SDGs as they play out in my country and community. Thank you (Cousera team, Katherine Richards and all the other resource persons)  for this
The course is spot on an introduction to the SDG logic and provides very good insight and food for thought. Excelent videos and very well chosen readings. have found it accesible, interesting and inspirational to dig a bit more on pressing issues like inequality and climate change. Thank you very much and congratulations!
An excellent review of SDGs with thoughtful interviews by the world leaders to help the viewer gain a wider world perspective.  I was especially hopeful after lesson three as I thought of the business, community and personal contributions we can make outside our government policy to make a difference on a global level.
a very good surface brief knowledge on SDG. The difficulty level is very easy. i would like to suggest to increase the difficulty level for the next parallel course. also are there courses which studies these 17 sdg's in more detail. very relevant course for the beginners and should be attempted by every individual
The course offers a comprehensive first overview of the SDGs, including history, interrelation of different goals, challenges in reaching them etc. The course includes interviews with experts in different fields which is helpful for gaining insights from different points of views and different fields of expertise.
It has been a very informative course, would like to work on the ideologies at grass root level as I am part of the Green Cell in the Church i.e. at St. Michael's Church, Mahim (West), Mumbai 400 016, IndiaHow can I be a part of this, as this important for sustaining Life on Earth for all Humanity and creation.
I would like to appreciate Coursera and University of Copenhagen for organizing this precious course. I had learned a lots from this course and it was quiet challenging doing the quiz and enjoyed.I am quiet sure, I will referenced to the SDG and it's guidance from the sessions I have learned from this. Thanks
"Thank you for a great course. Great presentation style with lots of opportunities to ask questions and talk about real life examples which all made for a really enjoyable and informative course." "This has more than met my expectations." "A wonderfully practical course - both personally and professionally.
I am motivated and inspired by doing this course. All video's  were very simple to understand and full  of information. All guest lecturer's  were amazing. I have learnt so many things about sustainable development goals as a new learner. Thank you Coursera to create such type of platform for beginners.
It is effective and less time consuming.In a very short time we can gather a lot from thos course.I think all should consider it if they really want to know about the synergy among SDGs . This course will help them to understand how our agriculture sector is adding to climate change. Appreciated👍
My view is that this is a great way to help people understand SDGs in a more better way. Remember SDGs are anchored on very ambitious target and unless there is working together it may end up just another thing altogetherHow do I get certificate out of this ad I'm not able to buy for now please
It's an amazing and incredible course. I found what I was looking foto, and even beyond. This course, to me, is life changing. Is a tremendous tool for all the areas of the life, and feel stronger and more confident. This will help me to achieve all the goals that I have to my life. Thank you!
Wonderful course for having a comprehensive understanding of Sustainable Development. Specially involving specialists and researchers from different academic domains has provided an opportunity to look at the issues from trans-disciplinary perspective, and this is what has really enriched me.
Extremely interesting course for anyone interested in the topic. The focus on less discussed aspects such as agriculture or the role of the private sector gives interesting space for personal considerations. Strongly recommended to anyone who wants to acquire a basic knowledge of the SDGs.
I think it is a good option to get to understand the real problem we are creating to the environment, how SDG's are connected and what we can do to prevent it from getting worse. It made me think about adopting a new lifestyle and change many patterns we have that are harming the nature.
Its a great course to learn the basics about the reason of the Sustainable Development Goals. There is a lot of interesting capacity building ideas and knowledge, featuring speakers and experts from academia and other sectors on crucial topics related to the implementation of the SDGs.
Very relevant topics were covered, the structure and flow was easy to understand, very informative also. I now have a much better understanding of the topics and the effects and ramifications of the 17 SDG and what they mean to us, both in terms of society and business. Thank you
So inspiring, this course helped me to understand how SDGs can impact our political life, our companies, and even citizens! Sustainable development is a huge challenge, fighting global warming and building a better world for tomorrow will help us to improve our entire society.
Really enjoyed this course with Kate. I especially liked the lectures and the interviews with a range of diverse experts which helped me gain a broader understanding of sustainable developments and the various interactions of the SDGs with other sectors and disciplines.
After this course I have gone thru change my thought process and make me realize how important it is to be part of SDG success. It is the battle or plan of survival for humankind. The materials are great and I think I have to invest more time on reading each materials.
This is a well structured course, it has given me the best understanding of the Sustainable Development Goals, and as a Development Studies PhD student, I fully subscribe to the SDGs and following closely on its progress and achievements especially in my country Kenya.
Lets get more people to access this course, especially young people in African (SSA) countries, the challenge this side is payment methodology,  you should come up with payment methodology say locally so that most people can access the course. It is so incredible!!!
I feel so lucky to complete this exclusive course.I do believe that "The Sustainable Development Goals- A global transdisciplinary vision for the future"will expand the consciousness among the learners around the world for expected and developmental changes.
The course was very informative. I have gained new insight on different aspects of the topic. I was encouraged to see the work that is being done with regard to SDGs. I appreciated the mixture of videos and readings. The quizzes were fun too. Excellent!
Thank you very much for this amazing presentation and content,  for sure I have much better knowledge about the SDG's than I did before started this MOOC.  I would like to see more of this kind of MOOC's, specially regarding Business and Sustainability.
One of the best courses I have come across. The time I spent was really worth it. The sessions are rich with content , clear with expression and satisfying with the knowledge it gives. I would like to congratulate Ms Katherine Richardson,my Professor.
Excellent overview not only of the SDGs, but of related issues such as inequality, governance and the role of civil society. Highly recommended for any work is working in the field and wants to understand the wider context of sustainable development.
Professor Katherine Richardson was wonderful in many ways. Especially the way she covers multiple perspectives on SDGs clearly mirrors how this comprehensive vision is constituted. Her lectures were well organized and easy to understand. Thank you.
This course was very interactive and informative., well designed and goal oriented. I wish best of luck to all who have enrolled to this course and my best wishes to the course instructor. She is nice and sound academician as well as a good leader.
I am very thankful to Katherine Richardson, her explicit lectures and pulling in related scientists and researches for discussions the issues. This course gives the fundamental idea about the SDGs and their influence on the future of the humanity.
It was very interesting , with a variety of materials related to SDGs. Most of all I really appreciate the well structured syllabus. Easy to access and also very helpful for people with no deep understanding of the sustainable development goals.
The course was very interesting, well structured and informative. Thanks a lot to Dr. Katherine Richardson, her team and all participants who made great contribution into preparation of the course. All the best from Moscow, Vakhtang Partsvaniya
This course helped personally to understand the purpose of the SDG and the Volunteering activities I work. The author was very good in taking us through the entire course and made it very engaging. Thanks to everyone for making this happen.
What a great primer,  an informative way to spend two Sunday afternoons in Covid19 lockdown. Seriously,  I work in agriculture and we've adopted SDGs  as business goals, so this course helped a lot and gives me raw materials to work from.
I loved the well- structured methodology used for teaching important aspects of the course. I am glad that i am now enlightened about the dire need for Sustainable Development at global level. I, 100% recommend this course to everyone.
This course highlights the importance of sustainability, particularly Sustainable Development Goals, which is the current topic of conversation on sustainability. Sustainability applies to everybody so everyone should take this course.
It is a must to course in current scenario. It helps us in understanding the future of earth and the reality of environment. wonderfully explained by the course instructor Katherine. Discussions were the main highlight of this course.
Professor Katherine Richardson has done a great job, easy to understand and clear examples. In addition to the great lectures and study material, the interviews and very qualify guests were very useful and important for learning. Thx.
This is my first online course & i enjoyed a lot.It's very helpful for learning about SDGs goal .I.This course was very informative for learning many things.This online  course system is very good than our offline course structure.
This curse was a really good opening about the  SDGs and also motivating the student to find out how these Sustainable Development Objectives are being implemented in their own country and how you could contribute to this process.
At the same time the course helped us to understand the SDGs better, but also have room for reflection and criticism. I enjoyed the mixed method approach of combining video's with assignments, literature  and room for discussion.
Wonderfully designed course, especially the videos, in which discussions and thoughts from the experts of different fields were shared. The instructor is amazing, her eloquence and depth of knowledge got me hooked in this course.
W This is a very useful course. The concept of sustainable development made it possible to understand and embrace the full extent of it. They also have implications for sustainable development  and their solution also identified
Amazing course and teachers. The topics treated in the course are relevant and up to date. I highly recommend this course if you have any interest on learning how we as a society can build and make a better world for the future
Highly informative and engaging while being succinct. Well curated additional resources. I highly recommend this to learners in a variety of different industries. I believe that the SDGs, right now, are universally relevant!
Substantial and concise. I appreciate the discussion on constraints to achieving the SDGs because it does not neglect the  uneven situation of countries around the world, much more the  current 'economic institutions'.
i am working in metal recycling industry over 15 years.  thanks for this course to help me think and review my career again~  sustainable strategy - Do well make money & do good solve social & environmental problems.
I have learnt so much from this course. The videos and delivery is clear and concise. Information especially the reading materials provided were interesting and makes me want to delve in more to understand the UNSDG.
A great overview and explanation of the SDG's. I particularly liked the interview format. Much preferred over strictly lecture. As well it pointed me towards some outstanding new resources such as doughnut economics.
This course has given me a great overview of the global goals and sustainability seen from different sceintific angles. I have learned a lot, and gotten many usefull articles, that I can use in the future. Thank You!
Good insights and interesting facts and figures about SDG adoption and its need. The course is delivered in simple language and interaction with various experts are quite informative in multidimensional perspective.
Very enlightening course about the SDGs. Good insights about the interconnectedness of the SDGs; the need for considering both planetary boundaries AND social boundaries to achieve sustainable development for all.
This course will give a different perspective on how to see development. This course clarifies and shows insights on Inequality, Economics, Environment, Climate change, Resilience etc., Very structured learning.
It is a fantastic course, packed with useful and clear information only.I loved it included so many interviews with experts that gave first hand opinion on the burning questions.Enjoyed it very much. Thank you!
Really a good course indeed.  Got a reasonably fair understanding of SDGs and its relevance and importance for the present world.  Nice reading material and videos with good contents.  A good course to pursue
This course is very insightful and helped me to overcome my bias regarding that sustainable development is not about humans, just to realise it is all about human welfare. Thank you for this wonderful course.
I really enjoyed this course, it was better than what I expected. It was amazingly interactive. Also, the readings and lectures were easy to follow, which helped me understand more profiundly the material.
The course was simply amazing. So much of information in such concise form. It is very relevant to the day also. This course can help any and every individual to live as a better citizen on this planet.
I really enjoyed the course! The reading material and the videos have been interesting and informative. I understood which impact the implementation of the SDGs could have on our planet and for humanity
I found the course to be very informative and covers a wide range of scenarios which i wouldn't have been able to comprehend just by reading a definition or the outline of the issue covered. Thank you.
Thank you for offering this course (The Sustainable Development Goals-A global transdisciplinary vision for the future). I have passed it but I am not sure how can i get the certificate at this stage.
I loved it, ver interesting and relevant information to the situation we face nowadays! Everyone should take this course to understand that we must evolve as a society to have a better world for all.
Well built course content, giving  good, balanced overview of the SDGs their different aspects. Thorough and constructive approach. Recommended for anyone intrested in knowing more about the SDGs!
Thanks a lot for this MOOC! Lectures as well as core readings are very interesting, though the course itself is very short, maybe it would be better so make this course lasting 4-5 weeks or so.
It's great to learn the basics about the UN SDGs, the goals which will build a roadmap to the sustainable growth of the world, keeping climate change and other important factors in the center.
Very insightful lecture based on the SDGs that will equip you with new perspectives on how the world should tackle sustainability and how the SDGs play a crucial role in development economics
A carefully designed course with very qualified faculty and guest lecturers who provided great insights. T Relevant course materials and the insights provided are great. I feel equipped to ta
It is a short and useful course on SDG. A lot of interesting interviews with distinguished guest from academic and business. Also reading materials adds many interesting views on the SDG.
Course is very helpful but we not getting certificate without pay is very sad  becouse of we not have money pay for certificate and without certificate no have importance of course.
Fantastic course! The course provides a holistic view of SDGs and the interconnections. Extremely well structured, articulated and delivered. I enjoyed it a lot. Thank you so much!
It is an amazing course with plenty of knowledge about sustainable development, and innovative opions from the guest professors, and also the excellent arragenment by the teacher!
This course is one of the most beautiful courses that I studied, and I learned a lot of new and useful information from it.
I hope there will be a second, more detailed, course.
Very interesting and easy to comprehend. I really enjoyed this course, and the knowledge of how Governments, businesses, and communities are working together to save the planet.
Very helpful course for
understanding the SDGs and preparing for future 2030 Agenda I strongly recommended this course for my
friends and interested people in development field
This course is very much helpful to learn details about SDGs. It helps me to know details ragarding different counties situations. Thanks a lot for giving us such opportunit.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Three weeks is the perfect length for me. I did find some of the readings to be too long and a bit scientific but I've learnt so much. Thanks!
The course was very well prepared. Love all the guests invited. I can now understand SDGs deeper, start to integrate them, and look at a bigger picture. Thank you so much!
Very informative course! I learnt a lot in regards to interdisciplinary approaches to solve the problems faced by humanity in terms of economy, ecology and social issues.
Course was very interesting and informative.. Sustainability is very important issue now a days and you have given lot of information to achieve goals in this. Thank you.
A very comprehensive guide to understand SDG and its interconnection with each other....very clearly elaborated by the instructor...thanks her for the lucid presentation.
Strongly agree with the instructors. It updated with global need. 2030 with 17 objectives are really important to know for all of us. I am honestly happy with the course.
ourse gives a good solid into some of the heavy key facts we need to adress with high priority, but also gives a good understanding of the SGD goals set with agenda 2030
An amazing course that opened my eyes to global challenges and what is our role to contribute in solving them and how to push policy-makers to make the right decisions.
This course provides an amazing overview of the sustainable development goals, how they are connected, what their impact on humanity is. Also it describes ways forward.
I strongly recommend this course to policy makers or who are working in NGO sector. This course provide useful knowledge about SDGs and a clear vision to achieve them.
economic development with the protection of environment .how can i ,individauly coperate with the government in the cou ntry and also globally for achiving the SDGs .
I recommend this course to everyone who believes and wants to change the world for the better. Here you will acquire knowledge for it and feel empowered to pursue it.
I find the course very informative. The faculty was amazing and discussion with different expert on different topic gave a detailed information on respective areas.
This course is perfect for an introduction to SDGs. It has given me a new perspective on seeing how things work and operate especially from economic point of few.
Its the best on line course I had learnt, its so meaningful to the world and I think everyone should have a go with it to understand this world we live better !
A wonderful course and exceptional vision for a future will all have a duty of care to encourage, be involved in and ensure occurs for all future generations.
Great information on SDGs and how they relate among disciplines, including Economics and political issues and framework. I liked the course and recommend it.
The course is very well structured with all the essential information required to understand the role of Sustainable development goals in a holistic manner.
This Course provide all lot of information about the SDGs, both reading materials and Videos, including discussions between specialists in the field of SDGs
Very detailed and insightful course which helps us get introduced to SDG and make us aware of our responsibilities towards our planet. Thank you very much!
Beautifully oriented. Contains everything one may look for. Discussions with professors and activists makes its easy to understand the real time scenario.
This is the best course I have ever taken. It is very useful and something I would ask everyone to take it. The instructor has put 10000% in this course.
This was a fascinating and enjoyable introduction to the SDGs. Great overview, and a nice balance between presentations, interviews and written material.
Excellent course. Helped me a lot to understand the basis of the SDGs. Interviews were my favourite part. I would love to watch an interview with NGOs.
Every person of the planet should know SDG and act accordingly . i will be grateful to you if you can involve me as a volunteer of SDG in Bangladesh .
Overall this is a great course, but please shorten your video lecture (15-20 minutes for a video lecture is too long because we can lose our focus).
This was undoubtedly the best online course I have ever taken. I have a lot of ideas and will contribute to the development of my master's research.
I found the course extremely useful in highlighting the complex and necenecesarrysary interconnections required to achieve a sustainable future.
This course was quite enlightening in regards to the inter-relativity of all SDGs and definitely stop the concept of a "cherry-picking" mindset.
Wonderful presentations; the way the interviews are conducted is very impressive. Additional study materials provided are invaluable. Thank you
A simple and easy course giving a substantial and motivating introduction to maybe the most complex challenge of all times. I am in for more !!
Very informative and useful course. I have got plenty of knowledge about SDGs from this course which will help me to further develop my career.
I found it to be very profound and in depth course which highlighted the key aspects of SDG's. Worth doing such highly informative course...!!
Sensitizes And Educates: Learning not just through the professor but by experts of various field and subjects, excellent links to researches.
I had ever done courses about SDGs but I appreciated this one because it gives us a view we don't use to have about SDGs. Really interesting!
This is my first course on this platform and I love it! very informative. Looking forward to utilising knowledge from this course. Thank you
Great detailed course! The teacher taught in a great manner, and having other experts bring their opinion on the matter made it even better!
I learned a lot information about UN 2030 Agendas,  Sustainability Developments Goals SDGs❤😌So I can improve myself at my Volunteer work ❤
Its really great learning and I love this course. I will not just attend or study but I will start from myself to add value in SDG2030 goal
Great course, easy to understand. The videos are very good and 3rd Party perspectives are helpful to understand the impact on various SDGs
is develops my knowledge regarding sustainable development. different views of different researchers will broaden my knowledge. thank you.
Great and Informational course. This course explained the detailed version of the importance of SDG's and their need to be implemented.
Great course that explains major points in SDGs also giving big emphasis to climate change and its interconnection to almost all Goals.
Great course providing a transdisciplinary overview of the various challenges we are facing on the way to achieve a sustainable future.
A great way to have more insights on the topic from certified sources supported by official data, researches and interviews. Loved it!
Everyone should enroll this course. It was quite easy to learn and again it is about the most important topic in the Earth right now.
This course is simply extraordinary. The method of delivery from each source is well packaged. Thanks. Can't wait to visit denmark.
I loved this course. Katherine Richardson is fantastic and I enjoyed all interviews, presentations and reading material. Thank you!
Fantastic overview of the UNSDGS. Would have preferred a lengthier course, with a deeper dive into each of the 17 development goals
This course is very informative. Instructor is also cooperative. It enhanced my knowledge about SDGs. I would recommend this course
A perfect introductory course to SDGs and the global vision towards it. The course flow is very effective and very well delivered.
A very insightful course regarding SDGs. Has helped me to understand the obstacles to achieve SDGs, and solutions to them as well.
Excellent course, very informative and easy to follow. Highly recommend to get a better insight into the challenges we are facing.
It is a splendid course, with a lot of interviews with key people to understand the SDG and which relationships have between them.
Excellent course to know the political and scientific basis of the SDG´s. Great explanation of the big issues  and awesome guests.
Very well prepared and organized lecture on the basis of the sustainable development goalz. Thank you for your efforts Katherine!
Being unable to buy the course certificate i am still satisfied by the push that my teacher created in me towards climate change.
Well brifed and well organzed course for understanding and implementing SDGs - A  global transdiciplinary vision for the future.
Interesting Topics that everybody, every citizens need to know at least as basic to get the SDG achieved by 2030. "Push" is key.
The excellent structure of the course impressed me greatly! It has been both informative and interesting to learn it. Thank you!
It is a very broad introductory course . Very important topics are covered which are very eye opening . I highly recommend it.
very informative and the discussions really help us to understand what all are happening around us and how sustainable works
Very knowledgeable course , I really appreciate this course , I was gain more knowledge about sustainable development goal.
Course very rich of knowledge of sustainable development which can help me understand world situation well than last time.
I have enjoyed every part of the course and most especially our guest who took us through various informative discussions
THE EXCELLENT COURSE"THANK YOU SO MUCH"  Respected Madam Katherine Richardson University of COPENHAGEN AND Coursera Team
I really enjoyed this course. I am a biologist by profession and this course helped understand the bigger picture of SDG
Short and sweet! Provides a concise introduction to Sustainable Development Goals for absolute beginners in the subject.
The whole course was very well organized & I understood the topics very well. I recommend everyone to take this course.
bringing in different experts was refreshing and insightful, I however will need to read up more on SDGs and resilience
It was really an awesome course with lot of insights from various field experts. I am looking forward to such courses.
This is the best course to increase knowledge about the sustainable development goals and where this work is heading.
Super insightful and perspective changing in a relatively limited amount of time, certainly a sustainable investment.
Incredible course with in depth material to give you the foundation you need in this field. Thank you for everything
This course gives beginners a comprehensive overview of what SGDs is.  The course is interesting and easy to follow.
Avoid the lengthy video and ensure that videos not exceeds 15 minutes if required more time then break into 2 part.
The instructor was absolutely fantastic, engaging and knowing with a pleasant voice and perfect pace of talking.
A wonderfully balanced course that gives a complete picture about the SDGs and why achieving them is important.
Every student must do this course, so that their ideas and future work may have a vision towards sustainability
The course was very good and very helpful for me to know about various criteria about sustainable development..
Great course, well-structured and it enables unfamiliar individuals become familiar with the SDGs as a whole.
This course was great and helped me understand the fundamentals behind the 17 Sustainable Development Goals.
Basic, however, well didactic so you want to get general information on the 2013 agenda. I reaaly recommend.
Very easy to comprehend text. Detailed linkages between SDGs. Format of taking to experts was very helpful.
It is a very good course for any one who wants to know the implications of policy making on the environment
ideal to get a glimpse of the SGDs and their meaning for society and all social as well as economic actors
Lectures were very clear and provided straightforward information.  The program was very well-organized.
The course was very helpful for me. It was designed very well and presentation was also ver attractive.
learn about challenges in the future ahead, very well explained, thanks to the university and coursera.
Great course with interesting insights and links to necessary sources and reports on the matter of SDGs
This course helped me undo and understand better what I used to think about the SDG.Thank you so much.
I have learnt many things about sustainable development goals and their importance.Thank you so much
One of the excellent course I have ever done. It was a great experience to study in detail about SDG
A rich course with a good content. This course helped me in a step forward to my resilience research
I learned a lot and it gave me a great overview of the challenges we are facing in the 21st century
Very clear and enriched me with knowledge of Sustainability Development, the reality and challenges
Very good course, although short, but I really liked that the professor had guests in her lectures.
Concise, to t he point, lots of interaction with subject matter experts which is quite insightful.
the course was so valuable and there are some amazing information about SDGs . i loved the design
it is the time to educate everyone to realise what is going on in the future and learn about sdg
Great course for all level of education, because we are all need to take care our 'only' earth!
very informative and well put together, highly recommendable. i learnt so much from the course.
Highly interesting, relevant, dense course on one of the most important challengers of our time
Great course for learning The Sustainable Development Goals, it is very clear and informative.
Very nice course, useful to all especially those who are interested in environmental education
it was a really helpful, eye opening course that allowed me to learn at my own pace. thank you
Very interesting and provide a boarder perspective to look at the grand word "sustainability".
Very great course, maybe a bit short - but clear, the teacher is amazing, great interviews ...
Very interesting and an important beginning for understanding our role in a sustainable future
Developing and underdevelopment country will be gain the sustainable goal through this course.
it was really helpful and the quiz session was really entertaining.Overall good experience.
It was incredible to have this course. I learnt a lot about sustainability, Climate Change.
Very useful, a quick glance into the importance of our present construction of the future.
This course will help me in taking my local community from ignorance of SDG's to SDG's hub
Excellent summary and articulation of the multiple dimensions to keep in mind about SDGs,
Fantastic course and very well put together, especially enjoyed the interviews - 5 stars!
its a very good course to enhance knowledge about concept about sustainable development.
This course is really interesting and passes the knowledge in a clear and didactic way .
It is an outstanding course to learn Sustainable Development. I really enjoyed doing it.
Really enjoyed the material and lectures! The "Doughnut" was a really interesting topic.
very interesting and the links and videos are very useful to understand sustainability
The course is very helpful.  If I get a job based on the learning, it would be better.
It is good learning course content to understand the transdisciplinary nature of SDGs.
Clear thoughts and expression for in depth understanding and appreciation of the SDGs
Useful and necessary for all of us as individuals of future society, authorities etc
It is an important topic that must be discussed. It has been explained very nicely.
Great course. Wonderful lecture format. Actual issues. A lot of useful information.
The course is worthwhile and i urge all development practitioners to take a chance!
The course gave a great overview of the the SDG concepts. I'm eager to learn more!
has good content.useful for governments, private companies and researchers for SDG
Very informative and inspiring MOOC. Great guest speakers and materials. Thank you
the additional reading materials provided and the resources linked were fantastic.
very informative, would have learned more with assignments though. must do course!
It was a good course learnt alot from this course made my quarantine a useful one
Great introduction to the SDGs and the complexity of trying to achieve them all.
This was my first online course, i learned a lot and it helped me so much.thanks
Very good course and i learn lot from this course. Thanks to course instructor
A awesome course to learn about the SDG's and the events occurring around us.
Very good introductory course to understand the sustainable development goals
it was a great learning indeed. i hope you can give me my certificate. thanks
Its a very interesting course which should be taught in all schools globally.
The course provided an in-depth overview and discussion of the 2030 UN SDGs.
Excellent teacher and guest speakers. Very useful and fascinating materials!
I really appreciate this course.Everyone should participate in this course.
I found this course very detailed and easy to understand! def recommend it!
Excellent course and very insightful to our global challenges as humanity.
so pleased with your learning system,thanks for giving me this opputurnity
A very educative course delivered by a competent and wonderful instructor.
I gained much knowledge about sustainable development through this course
I learned so much on global perspective. Awarenes of the global situation
very informative and easy to understand. Good video and analysis content.
This course was very usefulIt helped to impore And I Thank you very much
This course allow me to to enhance my skills in sustainable development.
The course materials are so good And lecture quality is so high quality.
This is a perfect course to broaden your perspective regarding the SDGs.
Great course and very wide topics that covered in such concise learning
I really liked the course and found it very useful! Thnak you very much
Great content and guidance, special remarks for the presenters quality.
One of the best courses I have ever taken. A great learning experience.
I learned so many things and expanded my knowledge related to the SDGs!
It was an exciting course. My dear course teacher is a great instector
Content was well delivered, interesting speakers and reading material.
A good course about the perspective of sustainable development goals.
Special thanks to the whole team of this course.Well-organized course
A really informative and holistic course! Would definitely recommend!
Very good and understanding examples are demonstrated in the course.
Good .Got a different insight into what impact human activities make
Very interesting sessions and informative session.Thank you everyone
SDGs is global agenda 2030, it's worth to learn for our best future.
great course with wide and  wise insights as tools for development.
A very good course learn a lot about sustainable development goals
The course is relevant to my career and the times we are living in
Very informative and well designed course.  Straight to the point.
Great course, really interesting and very accurate to our reality.
Useful course for those who want to approach with the SDGs policy.
This has to be taken by all to get clear view on our environment.
A good platform know the overall scenario of sustainability goals
Very informative and gave a holistic picture of the entire topic.
Very inspiring! Thank you very much for the opportunity to learn.
Excellent. Very much enjoyed it and I would highly recommend it.
It is a timely and comprehensive course. Keep up your good work.
Such a great course. I learned many interesting things from it.
excellent course, opens your thoughts and effect your approach.
outstanding practical vision gained after this course.THANK YOU
It was great to have a course on Sustainable development goals.
Really good explanation and material. Definitely worth taking!
Got an insight about the various scenarios faced by the world.
Being from a developing country, this course was very helpful.
good course with excellent relevant study materials provided.
I really appreciate all the great content that was imparted.
It was a great lesson, thank you so much for all professors.
I really love the videos, topics and the focus of the course
This is a very wonderful course, thanks for the opportunity
Very informative and well rounded introduction to the SDGs.
It was eye opener course towards environment sustainability
A wonderful course I have ever finished at online platforms
A very interesting course, with interesting points of view
Fantastically designed ,content and objective is very good
Very Good Lecture videos and very informative on SDG Goals
It covers what's important and not just bookish knowledge.
Extremely interesting course providing ideas and insights!
Great course for the person who are interested in SDGs !!
It is a excellent course, I will recommended it no doubts
Great in-depth, yet easily to understand content. Thanks!
Excellent presentation of a very interesting information
Thank you for allowing us to have the knowledge on this!
Great content with wonderful exposure to climate change.
Simply rich and must-do course to reach a better world.
Quality content giving a nice perspective on the SDG's
Thorough and well structured introduction to the SDGs.
This course does make me understand about SDGs. Great!
This course is helpful. Felt satisfied by the course.
One of the best courses I have taken in recent times.
It's very good course and the contents are excellent.
Great exploration of various topics around the world!
Good and interesting course, I really enjoy learning
A very good course on Sustainable development goals.
Very good overview of the SDG and their interactions
I love it, very useful for topics about sustainable
A very complete course to get started on this topic
Very well organized course with excellent lecturer!
Nice course .. I learned many things about the sdg
An interesting set of points of view on the SDGs.
Great materials and useful lessons. thanks again.
A must-take course for anyone interested in SDGs.
It was very enjoyable cours. I like it very much
It was really a great course to learn about SDGs
Excellent course.Thank you Catherine Richardson.
This course builds one's basic concept of SDGs.
Amzaing course contents and worth taking course
I learn a lot from this course... thanks a lot
Actually its very help to my coporate carrier.
Insightful and informative course I must say.
the best...just the best course on the SDG´s.
A super holistic and knowledge-filled course!
Thanks for providing knowledge regarding SDGs
A great introduction to a huge topic, thanks!
Great course for an introduction into SDG's!
from this course , i learbt abpout SDG Goals
Excellent course and really show-perspective
Excellent course. New learnings are proposed
I have really enjoyed the course! Thank you.
Excellent Course with great learning values.
I learnt lots of things through this course
Really great insight towards global welfare
This is reader friendly concept of delivery
Excellent informative easy to follow course
Great opportunity for learning about sdg's
Many things to know...great course indeed
Interesting unknown facts about the goals
Perfect! Thanks a lot for this great job!
I learned about sustainable development.
Very informative course about the SDG's.
Incredible experience with this course.
very useful and goodThanks to all you.
Excellent course , refreshed my skills
It was insightful and in-depth lessons
very informative and effective course
Very good learning experience on SDGS
Very helpful and easygoing instroctor
Excellent course, highly recommended.
Excellent course with great content.
Excellent Course. Highly recommended
I want my certificate without paying
I am very broad to get this course
A good one..i learnt something new
A good course with good readings!
Very Enriching & Relevant Course.
Great, informative and intriguing
Very insightful and learned a lot
Its really helpful for all of us
Clear,concise and contemporary !
It has been Educative and Useful
Great intro to an important area
Well-explained and Mind opening
Excellent! I've learned a lot!
Knowledge based course on SDGs
Very interesting and effective
Brilliant content and delivery
Very informative and complete
Thanks for this great course
Very good course and faculty
it supersedes my expectation
It is a very helpful course
The content was really good
Really useful and critical.
very relevant . thank a lot
The courese was very good.
It was highly informative
It's really a nice course
It was really productive.
awsome. very informative.
new learning experiences
Nice learning about SDG
must try this course!!
one of the best course
It was extraordinary.
simple and educating
Short but Great one!
Very useful thank u
easy to understand.
Very professional!
An exciting course
WONDERFUL COURSE
Very Benifited
TUTOR IS BEST
Great option!
IT WAS GREAT
Great One!
Necessary
THANKS
