The Worst Part: The peer-graded assignment were the peers think that the example for marking criteria as answers and reward you with 0 marks for your idea and explanation, thus making you to redo the assignment for another 1 to 2 hour (Time taken by me for doing once. I failed and again did the assignment for another 1 to 2 hours because I was creative.)The better part: Is the lecture where the instructors gives demonstration how to use the instruments such Chromatography, Spectrometer and also some experiments such as detection of blood and certain chemical compounds.My suggestion is not to register for the certificate but instead just go through the free contents i.e. videos and you'll get an amazing knowledge and techniques used in FORENSIC SCIENCE.
very useful and interesting course.update: I am unfortunately have to review my rate and change it to one star. this is not because of the course itself actually, it is because the assignments.I applied for this course from months ago and until now I can't get my peer-review assignments finished yet. I finished around 30 courses and yet this is the only one that I faced this problem in.
Unable to do quizzes and assignments. So there really is no point in continuing on.  Wasted a lot of time on this course. Extremely unhappy.
If you're a CSI fan and that is the main reason for following this course, you might find this course interesting. But as someone who works within the field, I found some anecdotes/examples downright cringe-worthy or inappropriate and came across a couple of statements and quiz questions that are very questionable and/or misleading. I think it's ironic that it starts with addressing how CSI can give the wrong impression of what the field really entails, and then continues using a lot of sensational content, with a presenter wearing goggles and a lab coat, and using introduction slides with a tune that sounds like it is coming directly from one of these shows. As the course name suggests, it does give an introduction to Forensic Science, but I'd argue that it would benefit from adding some more sophisticated principles that lie at the heart of this profession. Students following this course, without a more proper background within the field, would very likely still suffer from the type of bias that is sometimes (not coincidentally) called the CSI effect.
Peer review is tii late
Prof Bates presented the lectures clearly, though there are terms which I am not familiar with and I do struggle through some of the terminology. However the course helped me understand more about forensic science in the real world. Thank you Prif Bates!
The course was really informative!
Some of the lectures are more informative than others, but good introductory course. The instructor periodically suffers from old-fashioned chauvinism in his apparent need to make extraneous comments about women (gratuitously commenting on a female forensic scientist's appearance, plus the "hell hath no fury" bit, "treat your woman well or she might kill you" - of course without acknowledging that it is the men who are statistically much more likely to kill their female partners), but it is mild and only pops up now and then. The problem with the grading is the peer-graded assignments, which take forever to grade and are not monitored independently, but that would be a problem in any course with that type of Coursera grading system.
Well done! Fascinating course! The assignments are super fun (I would've happily done more) but they need revising, i.e. a little better quality control and there needs to be a recourse process for when peer reviewers do not read the rubric correctly and as a result, marks students incorrectly (I never received a reply or help :( ...), hence i had to rate the course 4/5 (fix these and this course is easily a 5!)Otherwise the lectures are amazing and I really wish there was a part 2! Loads of fun! Thank you so much Nanyang Tech for proving this opportunity!
I loved the videos and the extensive information provided about the various kinds of technology available for characterizing a substance, etc. My favorite videos are of the lecturer in the lab showing the viewer how to use these tools. My one complaint is that I wish the peer-reviewed graded assessments were more detailed/more accurately tested our understanding of the great information provided in the lectures.
I've learnt about lots of interesting topics from this forensic course and I am glad that I have enrolled into this course. It really expanded my knowledge about Forensic Science and I would be willing to learn more about Forensic Science in the future. Learning from Professor Roderick has been a great experience, I love how he always gives examples to make things sound simpler and engaging. Love this course!
The course materials and quizzes are quite good. However, the course has peer-review assignments. Some people do not give the correct marks despite the fact that the answer has all the points included in the rubric. Mentors do not intervene in this situation. I would still highly recommend this course because of the highly accurate course materials.
A great course to get an overview of forensic science and learn about all the important techniques of the field. It is kept quite simple and can definitely be understood without much prior knowledge, but I personally would have liked parts to go a bit more in depth on the chemical side. Overall really good course though.
This class was great! I love all the information, and the videos are extremely interesting.  The case studies provoke intellectual thought, and they are fun to solve.  The only critique I have is the peer reviews may be harsh on the grading at times. Overall, this class was fantastic!
Very Interesting.  I'm not a chemist so struggle with some of the chemical compound diagrams but understand the principal and description.  I really enjoyed the presentation and case studies.  The Peer reviewed assignments are hit and miss with how the assignments are marked.
The course is very interesting and gives the basic idea about forensic science. It includes several read case studies. The tutor explains subject in details and maintains the interest through his nice way of teaching.
The content of the course was exactly what I was looking for, and was very well presented.  I felt the case studies could have been better prepared and more direction given in how to grade the submissions.
I have really learn a lot through the participation of the course and would like to sincerely thank the people conducting the course to make the course so enriching and also interesting.
Excellent course except for the peer review.  Students don't have enough reliable knowledge to correctly evaluate an opinion based argument.
The material is good, but the format of the case study submission has allowed numerous cases of cheating and plagiarism.
the course you provided was very useful and interesting and easier too.
Very innovative and detailed course. Dr Bates is a very good teacher.
best course on forensic science and a great explanations of topics.
good class, watched all the lectures, just won't do peer review.
interesting course for those who wish to study a budding field
VERY INFORMATIVE. Gives a good foundation to learn forensics.
Excellent course and the Professor teaches it so perfectly
Very informative course. I learned a lot.
It is very interesting and very useful.
it was a great experience. thanks
pretty good and knowledgable
It's Innovation courses
interesting subject
Fascinating course! I learned so much.  The instructor was great and I thoroughly enjoyed all the real-life examples. I've taken several Coursera courses and this is by far my very favorite!
Fabulous so far, very engaging and easy to retain. Thank you for the thought out slides and presentation. I love the hidden humor too! :) 11 Star excellence :D
Very interesting course which was very well presented. Would definitely recommend.
it is a great course to gain knowledge
forensic scientist
I really enjoyed this course. I was always somewhat interested in Forensic Science, which was realized through the popular relevant TV shows like CSI, but after having taken a real, educational course on the profession, I have learned that there is a lot more to deducing crime scenes and figuring out the nitty-gritty.This course does a very good job of introducing students to the basics of Forensic Science. The multiple choice quizzes do test your knowledge, but I believe the real test of knowledge comes from the two case studies that you have to complete. You are met with different scenarios and you must determine, through your knowledge of Forensics and given evidence, the most likely outcome of a crime scene.Overall, I truly enjoyed this course and recommend it to anyone who even has a slight interest in Forensic Science, or even to just develop your ability in problem-solving and attention to detail. Even if you don't, this course will benefit you in one way or another.
I First of all Thank, Professor Roderick Bates for providing best video course on Forensic Science, He is just amazing. And I wish to thank my mentor Ms. Paula for the technical support.Now Regarding The course, Its the best you can find on Internet. At most informative sessions which covers most of the sections in forensic. Assignments were extraordinary and quizes were tailor made with the course syllabus.On a Personal Note, I request Nanyang University and Professor Roderick Bates to provide Professional Courses on forensic science which will be the next version of this Course. Thank You,Akshaykaarthik
This training has been great. It guides the pupil through the science behind the
Forensic and shows in a comprehensive way how different types of analysis of evidence
is really done and how the instruments operate. While this is far to basic for
an expert working with Forensic investigation, it is a great resource for
anyone looking for an  overall view of
what truly is going on behind the scenes. Each technique is shown in the light
of several criminal cases and duly explained. The course has been made with great
care, and is educational as well as a fun and 
challenging experience. Enjoy!
Excellent introduction to Forensic Science. The course gives you a really broad look at Forensics while helping you understand lots of details within each area. Given that there are many individual departments within Forensics, this course does a good job of introducing you to each of these departments, ensuring you know the role of each department, and whets your appetite for more information on each department. I am excited to continue learning about Forensic Science, and to consider the individual specializations. Thank you for the very informative and enjoyable course.
I have enjoyed this course so much!  I have taken a lot of MOOCs relating to forensic science, but this one was the most in depth.  I learned a lot, and I understand so much more about how different forensic sciences work.  I especially enjoyed learning about mitochondrial DNA.  I liked this course because the assignments are fictional cases that you look at an analyze, so you get to put yourself in the shoes of a detective.  The professor gives so many real life examples that illustrate what he is teaching.  It has inspired me to learn more about chemistry, as well.
This course was something I wanted to do for fun during quarantine, but it was also a subject I was (am) incredibly interested in and considering pursuing. After taking the class and learning all of the material, I truly enjoyed my experience and all of the details in the studied cases, techniques and visuals presented. The professor was very clear and concise with his information; he is extremely knowledgeable and has a great mind and eagerness for what he does. This class has been a wonderful experience and, hopefully, a life-changing one for myself and others.
Very good course. Material is easy to digest, even for beginners with very limited backgrounds in the sciences. Instructor explains everything sufficiently and was always very interesting. The use of case studies allowed practical understanding of the material being taught with real world applications while also challenging the learner to utilize the skills being taught to make judgments before taking on graded assignments. Overall, highly recommended course!
I've taken many, many Coursera courses and this is one of the best if not the best.Video presentations are given in a straight forward manner with real world case studies that demonstrate application of topic material. I learned a LOT primarily due to the interesting nature in which the course was structured and material presented.I cannot say enough nice things about this course and Professor Bates. Well, how about 'Outstanding"Thanks You!
This course helped to understand every possible detail that can be left at a crime scene and how to analyze them. Easy to understand, and the instructor was very clear about the lectures. Quizzes and assignments were also enjoyable and creative. I liked this course very much.
The training and instruction received in the course of the program were an excellent one. It exposed me to various techniques used for crime investigation. Generally, I had an awesome experience.
This was a good course for reviewing forensic medicine. Some detail part of medicolegal aspects are insufficient but as a package, it is most essential for the expert to upgrade their knowledge.
An absolutely amazing course. I've really enjoyed studying and I'll never forget this. The quality is high, the staff is understandable and well explained. The best course I've ever explored.
The course package is very informative! I managed to learn more about forensic than I expected. The learning is very well divided into different weeks for more efficient learning experience.
The course was very insightful and i thoroughly enjoyed every stage of the course and learnt so many new things. Everything is provided was in good detail and ordered well. Thank you!
This is by far one of the best courses I have taken. It's intriguing and thought-provoking while providing fascinating information and going into detail on how forensic science works.
Professor Roderick Bates is a fantastic lecturer. It is my first time back at school in 23 years and I followed his classes with ease. Highly recommended course for everyone.
Very helpful class and a lot of interesting material and real cases. The professor and mentor are excellent and very helpful. Great class I would lovely recommend it
I learned a lot from this course, Everything was well prepared, and excitingly delivered. I was not bored even for a second.
Well laid out course. Perfect for basic introduction to various topics in forensic science
It's an excellent course, you can learn chemistry, biology even a little of history, so it's very complete and interesting, if you like science and investigation I recommend you this course.ThThe only thing I can mark as "a bad thing", as a native Spanish speaker, is that sometimes the subtitles weren't correct or weren't in coordination with the video, but it wasn't a big problem, just a little setback. P.D.: Para aquellos que solo hablen español es importante tener en cuenta que las pruebas son en inglés, además de que a veces en los videos los subtítulos fallan, así que es recomendable entender lo suficiente de inglés como para poder comprender las consignas y/o preguntas de las pruebas.
The course goes in depth into the world of forensic science. The course dwells into the idea of a crime scene which not only makes one use critical analysis but also puts you into the shoes of the criminal themselves. The topics covered in this course were immense and the easy understanding of complicated topics such as DNA,Toxicology and many others made me want to continue on the course with interest and curiosity.
very interesting course which is worth the time and effort to learn if one is interested or curious about forensic science work. After completing this course made me realized that forensic science work is really not that easy as shown in dramas / movies. Kudos to the forensic scientists who contributed their expertise and knowledge through the participation of the investigation process to help dead victims "talk".
Amazing! I would highly recommend this to anyone, no need to have too much scientific knowledge, just basics, everything is explained incredibly well and the lessons are engaging - especially the case studies. Also, the skills learned are able to be applied to evidence in the short response assignments (of which there are 2). Over all, this was a great experience, this course is great for anyone and everyone!
This course is a well written and structured course i have taken an "introduction to forensic science" course before but it was not as good as this one was. The website i took my course on was https://www.futurelearn.com/ it was an okay course but the accent was very difficult to understand. If you were to take a forensic science course take this one first i reccomend you to take the class on this website.
A simple and easy to follow course, wich introduce the main techniques used in the field of forensic Science.  The cases ilustrative of the advances in the multiple subjects, like DNA o Poisons. I especially enjoy the Case assignments at the end of some lectures, it was a great oportunity to test the knowlegdes of this course. I recomended as a first approach to the forensic Science.
Amazing course, and brilliantly designed. The Professor peppered his lectures with occasional anecdotes and humour, making the course very interesting. Initially I had some misgivings on taking this course, as I do not have a prior background in chemistry, but with a little bit of extra effort could grasp the essential nuances of chemistry as was required for this course.
I am used to be an NTU student. While when this MOOC course is available for NTU undergraduate for electives, I have finished all my electives AUs. But luckily I can still take a free audition after graduation. It is a very interesting course and solves many of my questions when I saw those SCI episodes. Thanks a lot for the professor and tutors for preparing it!
I love this course. I have no background in science and everything is explained very well, I am learning so much. It is more time-consuming for me than the average time the course is giving as approximates. I'm in week 4 and I needed to spend about 5 hours every week on each subject except for week 1. I recommend it to everyone who finds this subject interesting.
This course was very interesting and the teacher explained all the concepts clearly and easily so that everyone could learn even without any previous knowledge. All the assignments were easy to do. The only thing that I would reccomend to improve is the peer assignments that sometimes are subjected to free interpretations. I learned a lot and had a lot of fun !!!
Es uno de los mejores cursos que he tomado en línea. Me gusta la calidad de sus videos, y la información actual que manejan a través de diversos medios, como lecturas y artículos. This is one of the best courses I have studied online. I like the quality of their videos, and the current information they handle through various media, such as readings and articles.
Very good introductory course, gives very good background on forensic science, evidence collection and analysis. Particularly enjoyed Professor Roderick Bates' informal style and witty comments during the video classes. A very interesting point were also the video experiments, showing us simple protocols that can be used in the lab. All in all, a great course!
Initially, I thought I wouldn't be able to complete this course because of my laziness. But as I started the course, curiosity to learn new things grew and it happened so that the lectures that were scheduled for one week were completed in a day or two. I'd recommend it to everyone who's interested into Forensics. Go for it! Fighting!!!
Very good course that provides a little more than only basics of forensic science at the same time giving overview of the major areas that this subject covers. Mr Roderick Bates explains everything very clearly implementing new ideas gradually. I loved plethora of examples and case studies. Assignments made learning enjoyable.
Very informative and interesting course.. the instructor explained every topic precisely, I really liked that he even performed the practical to make students understand betterquizzes and assignments were really fun.. it helped me in improving my observation skills and to think more practically. I really enjoyed this course!!
Amazing course! It keeps on increasing the curiosity as you complete each week. The instructor is  very good in demonstration and I like the way they explained usage and importance of instruments as well as various techniques with help of real case studies.  I thank Nanyang Technological University and Coursera for this.
I loved the course! It is really very cool to know how creative people get to kill people. It is even more fascinating to know their motive. Learning to decipher what they did and how they did is the best way to enjoy the essence of crime. All you Agatha Christie and Nancy Drew fans, this is the course for you. Dive in!
This course is very much useful to the students who are interested in forensic science, I loved this course very much. It is very much informative and well structured. Thanks to NTU for providing us such an amazing course. Finally Roderick Bates Sir, for me He is one of the best teachers I have come across so far.
The content is very comprehensive. Course delivery is exceptional and very lucid. The video lectures have good learning aids. Adult learning methodologies for maintaining focus and attention of the participants are implemented effectively, to the extent Prof Bates even had a glass of wine to prove his point....
An awesome course which was well elaborated and principles of techniques wonderfully explained.My thirst for forensics and the mystery behind its applications have been satisfied through this course.I really liked the way this course and the concepts were constructed and the tests really were mind wrecking.
I highly recommend this course for anyone who is interested in exploring the field of Forensic science. The learning and practicing processes were truly enjoyable, especially taking the quizzes and solving the cases. I hope I have the opportunity to sign up for another course of this type very soon.
Great course. I found the material to be engaging but also presented in a scientific way. The examples and practical applications of techniques ensured understanding of different scientific concepts. I would highly recommend this course for any person interested in forensic science and application.
Very fun and interesting course. Learned a lot about the field of Forensics with little background in it to begin with. Has a few quizzes on materials and a couple of fun peer reviewed assignments where you interpret a crime scene. Definitely recommend this for anyone with an interest in forensics.
Really gives a good introduction, not only into the subject matter but also into the mindset of a forensic scientist. Even though it is a online course, laboratory methods are demonstrated which gives you additional knowledge, not only of theoretic methods but also the practical application.
I enjoyed it because it presents a lot of examples. The basic concepts are explained clearly and help to understand the techniques if you are not used to topics of biology and chemistry. I liked the assignments where I tried to solve murder cases with the knowledge learned in the lessons.
Brilliant course! Thank you for putting such an insightful and interesting course together! The case study practical tasks were great practice and the quizzes encompassing all of the previous learning up to that point is a great way to ensure that nothing is forgotten. Highly recommended!
Fantastic introduction to the area of Forensic Science! Very thorough and informative with a lot of detail on many subject areas. I enjoyed every second of this course and feel like I now have a more advanced knowledge of Forensics. Great at busting myths seen on TV shows such as CSI!
I had a good time learning this course. The instructor was very much clear and good at explanations. The lessons, assignments and case studies were well designed and organised.I will definitely recommend this course to my friends. Thank you so much for such a good opportunity.
I've always been wanting to learn Forensic science as it is a very interesting subject and Coursera made it possible in a commendable way! I thoroughly enjoyed studying and would like to thank Coursera for providing this opportunity which reaches millions of students.
Amazing Course!!! :) Roderick Bates Sir is amazing!!! He has explained everything very simply and yet covering details... :) As I watched more videos my curiosity to learn more only increased!!! Also, peer-reviewing was fun!!! :) I strongly recommend this course!!! :)
Lots of effort went into this course by Dr Roderick Bates. It was extremely interesting and informative and easily understood. The video material and examples are superb. I enjoyed doing the murder cases. One of the best courses so far Ive done here at coursera.
Great  course. Prof. Bates is genius and a great teacher. I love this course very much. I am expecting sequence or specialization from same University and same professor. Thanks for giving us an opportunity to express our feelings towards a course in coursera.
This is an outstanding platform to learn a course effectively. My keen interest in Forensic science prompted me to take this course and it was very fruitful. I could understand more about it and this actually increased my enthusiasm in forensic science.
I am truly grateful to Coursea for granting me a financial aid to pursue this course at essentially zero cost. I have learned many techniques and case studies from this forensics science course without having the stress of failing the module in school.
It's a great course, everything is so entertaining. Altho so far there is a sexist comment saying that a woman professor did not really look like a forensics expert, she looked like the perfect professor to me ;) . But apart from that it is all good.
I am fascinated by the Forensic Science field and this course was invaluable for me. Now that I have completed this course I am considering undertaking more courses about this subject. The tutor was excellent, came across friendly and knowledgable.
It was a great course, very simple to understand and the fact that there are both multiple-choice test as well as assignments which require you to review your peers, help you to learn more, through different people's perspectives. That's awesome.
This Course was really basic and fundamental information that contain helpful material in Forensic Science chemistry. So, I enjoy a lot throughout the course, and learnt many new points and cases that is really essential for my future prospectus.
Its been great to be apart of this course, the content was super informative. Special thanks to our professor who's been super good in explaining each and every aspect of this course relating forensic science techniques. Proud learner, Thanks !!
Excellent content, a highly competent instructor who knows his stuff. Very relevant demonstrations and case studies. I enjoyed doing the peer-graded assignments. Overall, a very enlightening course. Would definitely recommend it to everyone.
That was a complex and wide course involving great amount of themes. There was quite prominence related chemistry. It demanded effort and discipline to assimilate correctly certain concepts. The instructor is very intelligent and objective.
I love to study forensic science course. So, I joined this course. I loved this lecture videos. The way of teaching was very awesome and interesting. I gained more knowledge on forensic science. Thank you so much for this valuable lecture.
Really liked this course. Great teacher! great powerpoints! Also for people who don't speak english quite often! I'm not a legend in the language but i could follow everything beceause of the catchwords in the powerpoints. 10/10.
Excellent course. Well presented with interesting case studies. The lecturer has very good presentation skills in a confident manner that in turn gives you, as a student, confidence in what is being taught. Thank You - Coursera.
Wonderful course! You will regret not taking this one!! I'm satisfied and learnt valuable information on forensics. having a science backround helped me understand the science part of 'forensic science' better! Thank you NTU!!
This course is very very useful to learn the introduction of forensic science. Sir Roderick bates taught the lessons in very very effective manner. I really liked his way of teaching. Thank you so much for this opportunity.
I enjoyed doing this course as it taught me a lot about the concepts of Forensic Science and how I can apply these concepts in my future career. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Forensic Science.
An amazing course with plenty interesting information. I was personally astonished from the quality of the material. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone interested in learning and loves to be challenged.
This course was very informative and well laid out across the different modules.  The case studies included in the material were very interesting.  The instructor was easy to listen to and has a great sense of humor.
great course work.great case studies that make you think.very good course design.i hope there is an intermediate or an advanced course in future relating to field of forensics,Thanking the entire team of University.
I am very happy to be able to do this course. I always wanted to do forensic but because of some reason could not do it. Very well explained with good materials. So happy to be part of this. Learned many things
One of the most interesting course on Coursera. Very detailed and technical. The professor did an excellent job in conveying the lecture in the most comprehensive way. The case studies were very intriguing.
This course was an excellent opportunity for me to step out of my comfort zone and learn something new. The entire course was well planned and interesting throughout. I would highly recommend this course.
An interesting course which debunks all the false portrayal of forensic science in TV shows. It's interesting to find out how stuff really works and how it is compared to what we see on TV.
Excellent course. Excellent content, with relevant examples to support the theory and a good pace. I could see applications in forensic medicine from my biology and instrumentation courses.
This course is very complete about different and important topics about the forensics scientist, I love the week about the toxicology. Congratulations for the good work in these topics.
I learned a lot of things about forensic science and techniques used in forensic science. It was a great opportunity and I thank Nanyang Technological University and Coursera  for this.
This course provides me a lot of information on forensic science, which i want to learn for long. Thank you for the instructor for the wonderful videos. I enjoy this course very much.
Extremely interesting and informative course  Wish it was longer.  I don't like Peer Reviews.  Its hard to mark another student's work when you have preconceived ideas on the subject.
The course was truly amazing. I got to learn so many novel things about crimes, patterns, phenomenons, etc.. One should definitely give it a shot if you wish to learn something new.
This was a very interesting and informative course. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I enjoyed the lectures, and I think the Professor was very easy to listen to, and learn from!
its educational and the cases helps you to understand in an easier way, it was also a good reminder of some old learned info stacked in the back of my brain...highly recommended!!
It was a great experience to be able to learn more about forensic science. The teacher was very knowledgeable and he even had a great sense of humor. I totally enjoyed the class.
Amazing! Professor Roderick Bates is really great at explaining difficult concepts! And the content of the course is absolutely fantastic! I learned so much during this 8 weeks!
Really find interesting.I got a lot of knowledge about the forensics and also got to know that the forensics in TV and movies is really somewhat different from the real world.
I am really enjoying this course: it is very well made and I am learning a lot of interesting informations that other similar courses do not even mention. Thank you Mr Bates!
Excellent course, really interesting. The instructor gives the information in a very enjoyable way, and has the ability to explain complex concepts in clear and easy terms.
Wonderful course! I like everything: theory, experiment videos, pictures, cases, and of course practice. Everything was explained in detail. One of the best courses I took.
Very informative and interactive course. Good for basic understanding of Forensic Science. Looking forward for advance level course including other areas of FS as well.
Absolutely loved this course!! Definitely what I was looking for. It was extremely informative & loved the fact that we got to see a few practical experiments as well!
An advanced basis of forensic sciences, we understand the various laboratory sectors and which analyzes can be evidentiary and which only indicative. Very interesting
course was fun, and made me think outside the box. I learned about blood spatter, and how to read it, and a lot of different kinds of forensic testing that they do.
It has provided a good amount of information to understand the basics of the subject with lots of case studies makes us understand the application dynamics as well.
This course is amazing because the way the teacher explains the cases is perfect, I could understand them all and learned how to do a lot of things, so thanks
Very informative and entertaining lectures! Learned a lot in a short span of minutes, and it's friendly to those who are not very familiar with the concepts.
A great course where one can learn the basics and fundamentals of forensic science. Also, the instructor presents the course in a simple and informative way.
I have learned many new things related ti science...forensic science always been my favorite  topic .thank you instructor for sharing your knowledge with us
thanks for the course, it was very interesting, very exciting, you should get the second part, a recognized university, very happy and I would recommend.
I really liked this course, it is very good, with very important and understandable information. The teacher is really good.
Thank you, I learned a lot.
Through Coursera I have learned many more abilities like to investigate the case, It help me to enhance my abilities  very much.Thank you Coursera...!!!
Excellent course and presenter.  Very interesting and well organized.  I looked forward to each week's lectures and assignments!  Thank you, Roderick!
I learned a lot on this course. Aside from the hard science, this course sharpened and re-calibrated my critical thinking and analytical skills.
A very good introduction to Forensic Science. I wish they had more advanced courses to follow up with. The course work really makes you think.
Such an amazing, detailed course! I wish there were a Forensics speciality here on Coursera because I would take all of them! So fascinating!
Brilliant course. The Prod pull a significant amount of work into this programme. Strongly recommended for anyone interested in the subject.
Enjoyed taking this course! The teacher really simplifies all the lectures and makes them easy to follow, and has a great sense of humor. :)
Best course for beginner who wants to know about Forensic Science. Would be better is have more case study shared, but its good enough now.
I love this course.  I have been waiting for this course to restart for months. I hope it gets archived so I can revisit it when I need to.
I am thankful for all who participated in making this magnificence course 😍😍😍... It so informative , fun and well made for a beginner🤓
I really liked this course and the way they taught the topics. Looking forward for any other advanced course on DNA forensics specially.
A very informative and fun course to take. Loved being a part of it. Learned a lot of things and gained knowledge on many subjects.
Only auditing the course for personal enjoyment.  I rate it very highly and enjoyed it.  Will go back and review parts.  Thank you.
In-depth analysis of various cases and strong communication by the instructor make this course an essential part of learning easy.
This has been a great experience! Thank you so much to Roderick, and all involved, for the effort you've put towards this course.
The course was brilliant I just wish we had been given more mentor, lecturer input and when do we get to know the right answers.
I really liked the professor teaching this, he had a way of making it very enjoyable and educational. So thank you professor :)
Best course I had completed. Learn many modern instrumental techniques. I am fascinated by case study involving brain storming.
Excellent course, with a lot of interesting forensic concepts explained well through chemistry and biology. Really enjoyed it!
This is a very fun course, can relate quite a bit to it because I like to watch dramas on topics related to forensic science!!
Well done.  Great presentation style with good and representative examples.  Good introduction for Forensic Science novices.
I'm having best experience ever, learning in such way great way just splendid, i would prefer this rather then classroom..
Thank you very much for a such an interesting and professional course. I learned a lot and I would surely recommend it!!!
Excellent introduction course for basic Forensic Science Knowledge. Simple, interesting and overall a great experience.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course! Excellent materials, assignment/quizzes, and instructor. Thank you, NTU and Prof Bates!
Amazing course! I recommend it to every person that wants to learn more about this field. The teacher is great as well.
It is a very interesting course! I like the way that it was explained and the answers that were given on the forus.
A very well taught course that explains complex, but at the same time very interesting topics in forensic science.
Extremely interesting and informative. It is an excellent option for understanding and knowing about these topics.
I learned a lot from this course. It was really an interesting course and I also recommended this to my friends.
I am so excited to continue! Already, this course has provided amazing articles and resources to help me learn!
Amazing!! As a beginner in Forensic science, I gathered so much knowledge. The professor is SPECTACULAR!!!!!!
I can get all the knowledge about forensic science. Thanks you for your contributions, prof.  and University
Professor Bates is extremely engaging and informative. Loved his lectures, his class was a pleasure to take!
A great course which teaches you the broad fundamentals of forensic science in a duration of mere 8 weeks!
very informative course and the instructor discuss various examples so that the concept could be cleared.
Great Course. I enjoy it very much. Congratulations to the teacher!!! Great way of explaining and talking
Excellent course! Kept me interested from beginning to end. I learned an immense amount of information.
Solid course, though a tad on the easy side. It serves as a nice introduction to the subject indeed !
I loved this course. Absolutely perfect for beginners who want understand the basics of forensics.
A very interesting course. Careful choice of material. Roderick Bates is an excellent teacher!
Awesome course if you want an introduction to the forensic science and the labs that they use.
It was a great experience learning. I have learnt a lot from this course. Thankyou very much
I loved this course. I learned a lot. I hope to continue in Forensic Science in the future.
It was an amazing experience to be able to do this course, Helped me learn a lot, thank you
Amazing course. I learned so much and I want to keep learning. Thank you very, very much!
Loved this course! The material is very good, a lot of cases and the assegnments are fun!
I ENJOYED LEARNING THIS COURSE IT WAS INFORMATIVE AND WOULD HELP IN MY CAREER. THANK YOU
Excellent course, very interesting, excellent video sessions and extremely informative.
Some videos do not have Chinese subtitles……So there are some difficulties in learning.
very interesting course that is explained in an easy way to understand, soooooo useful
Many case study examples to illustrate forensic techniques, interesting and inspiring!
A marvellous selection of topics for the beginners. I strongly recommend this course!
Really interesting course, if you are curious about this topic, you should choose it.
A great update opportunity in forensic sciences, in a
pleasant, didactic and fast way
Super interesting course and the assignment were very interesting. Highly recommended
Great course, very interesting, and actually quite fun! You will learn a lot from it.
its really been a wonderful time learning this course because i have learnt so much
Super interesting course.Would be great to have more Courses about forensic science
Excellent course!  Interesting and challenging.  I enjoyed doing the assignments.
The lessons are mostly basic but still very helpful for future related endeavors
Very interesting class.  I would take the next level of this course if offered.
A very very good course. Well explained. Lab demonstrations should be increased
Amazing course, amazing instructor, amazing knowledge gained from it.Loved it!
An excellent course.  The course exercises are well designed and interesting.
This was the first course I took with Coursera and I found it very rewarding.
Great course! All i needed! Helped me fall in love with the field even more!
I've learned so much and it will help me starting a career in Forensic world
I would recommend the course to everyone who loves smart learning Thank you.
Fantastic! i learnt so much more than i thought i would. highly recommend!!!
It helped me brush my basics and provided me with strong reasoning ability.
I had so much fun studying this course, I learned a lot! Thank you so much!
its too good, easy to understand and very informative... thanks to Coursera
Very useful course and i personally recommend Everyone to learn this course
I have taken many courses, but this one is really useful and knowledgeable.
This corse is teaching me everything I need to know about Forensic Science!
It was very informative and enjoyable not forgetting extremely exciting.
Very informative course giving a lot of practical experience. Loved it.
Very well presented,simple and covers a wide range of Forensic science
professor Roderick is fantastic ..his way of teaching is just awesome
most informative course. I learned lot of things. Thank you COURSERA
Very intersting with very good explaination!!! Thank you so much!!!
Nice course for anyone interested in how forensics really work. :)
An interesting and fascinating course with an amazing instructor.
The course is of the highest standard. I enjoyed every bit of it.
Criminology and Criminal Justice must have enrolled this course.
Professor teaching is easy to understand. Very exclusive course!
It was really fascinating! and was very informative.. Thank you
It was an amazing experience. Fulfilled my curiosity and more..
Its an excellent course. And the way of teaching is very nice.
Love this so far! Can't wait to finish and get my certificate.
great course. lots of case examples. loved the case assesments
Very good! I enjoyed this course very much!! very educational
An amazing course! Helped me A LOT for my Master's journey!
Amazing course more interesting than tv shows:)I recommand.
very useful and enriched my knowledge in forensic science.
I like this course very much! Learn and know something new
Well-explained videos with case examples. Ample exercises
The best! Thanks, NTU, for the course. Have learnt a lot.
Amazing experience it was, got to know different things.
Very Interesting, Engaging and Informative. Recommended.
Over my expectations!!! Really good introductory course.
Very informative and easy to follow! Loved this course!
It was an excellent course. Hats off to our Instructor
Great courseInformative, I would recommend this course
Great Course to get some insite on what to expect in U
Very fun and education class. I really learned a lot!
Awesome Course, lots of learning. I learnt good deal.
Hello My name Haitham I am happy to be in this class
Soooo interesting. Loved the real life case studies.
Very great and informative with varied case studies
Very helpful course for a forensic science student,
learn a lot from this course and thanks to coursera
Incredibly interesting! Would definitely recommend.
In week 3 of this course and absolutely loving it.
amazing job! Hope a second edition of this course!
Very funny and interesting.Also pretty practical
its amazing and i really recommend it to others
This is one of the best courses in MOOC domain.
This course is so fun and easy to understand.
I really liked doing this course on Coursera!
Excellent course with an excellent Professor!
Awesome experience learned lots of new stuff.
i enjoyed the course and will start working.
Very informative and interesting course....
Good Course, worth to spend time and money.
Reviews, ideas and new things.Nice course
a really interesting and informing course
i love it and i learned a lot of things!
that is amazing! I like those knowledge.
Very Good funny and instructive course.
very interesting & informative subject
One of the best and detailed courses!
Excellent course.Got to learn a lot.
This is absolutly an amazing course
Most interesting course. Loved it.
One of the best course of Coursera
Amazing course. So much to learn!
Loved Forensic Science Actually.
everything I expected and more
Nice course, very interesting.
The best Coursera course ever
Very challenging experience!
Wonderfull, I loved so much
it was overall good course
interesting course ...
What a great course!!!
Outstanding professor!
Love It! Great Class.
amazing course!!!!
Amazing course !!!
very InformatIve
