it was very helpful course for me to know deeply about what feminism is. i could understand what is equality means. thank you.
I decided not to be a feminist after this course
This course wasn't up to my expectations.
Do people actually spend time on this?
It's a useful course, But it is too historical and narrative instead of Focus on concepts
The lectures were amazing and insightful. But I was hope that this course full of discussion and forming own opinion/definition. In my humblest opinion, I wasn't satisfied with the quiz system. Rather than highlighting the system of feminism and social justice or analyzing events on particular subject, the quiz is more of asking students of minor detail of the event, not discussing the big picture of the problem. Yes there is discussion after lecture, but it is optional and not graded. This course will be much better if it replace the quizzes to the discussion for grading system. Or reevaluate the quizzes into more in-depth questions.
expected more theoretical basics
Even though it's great to learn about social injustices against women, this course it's strongly biased, since professor speaks about communism and uses terms like "neocolonialism" Theses terms tend to make the statements made lose objectivity. Also, professor tends to include gender studies and theories as real basing her arguments on sentimental issues. I'm not saying that is a bad thing, but you shouldn't teach such a biased course in an academic space.
It was definitely a good course in terms of the knowledge gained but it was purely history and there was nothing analytical about the whole the module. It would have been helpful if the course incorporated more challenging views, questions and so on rather than simply being a history class.
This is the only feminist course on course which is both great but also really sad.I very much liked the professor, her knowledge and personal experiences.The course was however too short and easy to do.Would appreciate move relevant content, films and readings.
Very informative but I do find some prejudice and bias causing logical leaps that wouldn't necessarily make sense. However, very informative and useful and gave me new perspective on the relevant issues.
Not very objective, terms like "neocolonialism" are mentioned and therefore tend to lead the conversation towards the left. It would have been better if it wasn't a politicized class of feminism.
Whatever taught was great and insightful. However, I wish it covered the further intricacies of feminism and wasn't this cursory in detail.
Fascinating glimpse into the issues through some good case studies, but too short and I would have welcomed more theory.
Great for beginners. 3 stars because Its very US centered.
Prefer to have more reading than long videos
Pretty fine!
I really enjoyed this course, it gives a short overview of feminism in the United States. It is a shame that it is so focused on the US and it only views feminism and Social Justice in light of US history. I would have liked to see more events covered in this course, like the suffragette movement. It would have also been interesting to link feminism to the LGBT movement, just like it was linked to class and racial struggle.
That was amazing! Thanks to professor Bettina Aptheker, I've learnt a lot. For exemple, I didn't know of the Empire Zinc strike, and I knew about the #metoo movement, but only from a mediatic point of view. The jurisdictional history of rape and the social reaction to the various cases that the professor mentioned were very interesting and helped me to compare the US situation with the Italian one. Finally, I loved the lecture about Angela Davis, even though I already knew about her and her experience. Bettina Aptheker's point of view on the intersectional feminism, together with her consideration on the concept of power, is very inspiring and it's the kind of feminism I'd like to fight for.
This course offers such a multidimensional view of social movements and the role of feminism. It's just like an interwoven network. I just wanted to gain more insight with regards to the MeToo Movement, but that's maybe because it is too recent and more events are yet to come! Thank you for offering me the opportunity to learn and get more knowledgeable with regards to such inspiring movements. I just realized that my voice matters and that our voices can make the change, whatsoever!
The course was very interesting, extremely informative as it covered an intersectional feminist perspective. I especially enjoyed the movie and the lecture on Angela Davis' case as the professor was involved in it personally.However, I would have preferred if the course had more lectures on more topics, it did cover the history of people from the Mexican heritage, the dynamics of race and class. I still feel that more topics could have been covered under different lectures.
The course was a very interesting introduction to the topic of Feminism and Social Justice. It has successfully shown how these two aspects are intertwined. Moreover, it covered a wide period of time, showing the changes which have occurred and how they have influenced other events. I have learnt a lot from this course, while enjoying it at the same time. On a side note, Bettina has a very soft-sounding voice and manner of speech, which makes the videos enjoyable to watch.
It's really a great privilege to have someone who was involved in some pivotal moments for feminism as a lecturer. It's also great to see that see has not lost her passion for these topics or her sense of fun! The intersectionality of feminism was highlighted, and the possibility of positively affecting the lives of many people, not just women, when women are accorded a more of an equal place in society. The struggle continues!
A great experience of learning the history and movements about Feminism and social justice. Professor Aptheker makes this course amazing. She quotes the original saying of the people who once in the movements, and just state the history and cases, making all the student could think their own thoughts about it, but not just get her opinions. I hope this kind of course will be opened and accepted in my country.
I loved this course. Bettina is a very inspirational woman and hearing her talk about all these groundbreaking moments in women's history while she took part in them personally was truly educative for me. What was missing, in my opinion, was to present a broader context of the particular parts of this course. Each component was highly detailed, however, all together they weren't spanned.
It's an excellent introduction to the intersectionality of feminism and its social function. I would prefer the quizzes to be a little more insightful, as some questions don't call for reflection, but on repetition, but I suppose as an introduction to, well, feminism and social justice, it really achieves its purpose. The professor is also really interesting and makes excellent points.
A very brief introduction to feminism history, not a good option if you want a detailed and broad study. I was actually sort of interested in why feminism has become stigmatized in some way but didn't get an answer. Nevertheless it was a great course and helped me a lot to learn some key historical events of feminism and see how women have struggled to obtain today's achievement.
first of all, thank you for the effort you have put into this course to make it accessible to us. It was an insightful learning experience; I managed to see how feminism started as a local fight for the basics of living and has grown into an international battle for women's rights regardless of their class, race and religion.I am looking forward to the next learning experience
The course brings us clear aspects about Feminism and Social Justice, with historical context and practical examples of cases, judgements and movements that happened in the last and current centuries. It is well-detailed, but the pace can be a little bit slow sometimes. The quizz assignments could be more elaborated and test different knowledges. But a great course overall.
Definitely an important topic and intresting lecture. The only thing I missed was more background information, especially internet links or essays to read. Really focused on the US History and culture. What I would have like to see is a more connection from the first week (theoretical feminism) to the really practical lectures in the following week.
In this course I learned that in justice anywhere is threat to be justice anywhere. We should continue our struggle till the goal have been achieve.Second I learn that women are not weak they can do everything in their live. Because Evey person have there own life own desires .so we should support them to achieve their goals of life.
I found the course contents interesting and informative. It is delivered in a prominent way. Not only it includes the cases from the past but it also highlights the movements happening in the current decade. I will recommend this course to everyone who is interested to learn the true meaning of feminism and its history.
Very good course! Learned a lot about American history and the Feminist Movement as well as the importance of Social Justice. Apthekar is a great lecturer and story teller it was a treat to learn from her. Very much worth the time invested. I wish there was more reading material in the assignments/ suggested books.
The course content is really amazing and eye opening. You will take these facts and look at the world with a socially sensitive eye thanks to Bettina. She brought triumph to the cause. I only took one star off because the long lectures were sometimes hard to follow in one seating due to busy days.
Fascinating ideas and very strong lectures by a knowledgeable teacher. That being said, I would have liked to see more interactivity and/or organization within the weeks. Possible ideas would be divided videos instead of a single lecture style, and more quizzes/essays. Overall quite worthwhile
Professor Aptheker is a really good professor! This course was actually only the few times I encountered intersectional feminism, and I'm glad that I did. After this course, I'll research more about how I can make my knowledge in feminism more intersectional, more nuanced, and more inclusive.
Very good lectures - it was very easy and ejoyable (if we may say that to sure pressuring and important subject) to follow the course. I've only missed a little more exchange of ideas with some curation from the university, so we could have more debate over the topics discussed in classes.
Was very nice to listen  differents histories about the sexual harrasment on the womens and the striagh relation condition with the race or the class. The movie was very intereting for me, because show the struggle to women inter and externaly. The teacher was clear.
Amazing teacher with an incredible capacity of bringing both personal and historical appointments which made the course extremely rich. Nevertheless some questions were so specific about the U.S. that compromised my study, despite that really great course!
I think this course was very good and provided me with a lot of new background and history on the subject. I do think, though, that with everything that has happened in the past 2 years, the course could have been more recent/updated (was filmed in 2018).
It taught me soo soo much as what it means to be women in 2020 and how difficult the journey has been so far to live the kind of life that women live now which makes me respect it more and more and also encourages to spread awareness about the same.
It really tries to takes as much history as possible in order to gain a broader understanding of the topic. The lectures in which Bettina's opinion was included in the sense that she personally lived through those times are really interesting.
This course has enabled me to understand the historical background for the emergence of feminism. The greatest part was understanding different historical events from Ms. Aptheker who herself has remained part of those events. It was amazing.
I would have liked to find out more about feminism history, the waves of feminism and such, but I found this course very interesting. I learned about many things I did not know and I found the professor Aptheker a very formidable woman.
I especially enjoyed the lectures as well as the combination fo film material and lecture. However I wish it would have been a little more extensive. But I did learn a lot and I can highly recommend the course.
It was great! It touched upon many specific issues in the history of feminism and I feel that I've learned a lot. I think it could be a longer and more inclusive course, but other than that, it was very nice!
It is very useful. I learnt about the females who struggled for their rights. And because of them now women are enjoying certain privileges.  Without them every country will be still a developing country.
The course was presented in an enthusiastic way. The content can be related not only to speech therapy but also to events and situations in daily life. It leaves you with a real feel-good factor. Thankyou
I would have liked more resources outside of the lecture - readings and videos - to reinforce the topics being discussed. That being said, I loved the topics discussed and wished there were more of them!
This course is a great introduction to the former and actual feminist context in the United States. I would recommend this course to those who want to start this magnificent journey towards Feminism.
This course didn't meet my expectations, and I  am happy about this. Although I didn't get a theoretical base of feminism, I get specific cases that helped me better understand the core of feminism.
The course was interesting but the audio was an issue.. One has to put on full volume in order to hear clearly. But it has given me new perspectives to teach my gender studies course.
It was a great course, and I got to learn a lot. All the lessons were very insightful. However, I wish there were more lessons and more topics covered in the course.
Lecture's pacing and storytelling can improve because sometimes it gets monotonous. Also, would be great to keep the course updated as this was filmed in 2018.
I already had some deep knowledge about feminism which was propagated by Periyar back in Tamil Nadu, India. This course shows more concepts similar to that.
I just wished that it was not just about what had happened in America but gave a global perspective. But there was a lot of take away from this course.
It is very nice and selection of topics and films and videos of Prof Apthekar is very relevant to topic. I enjoyed and learned west feminist movement
it's much about the case study of different issues all over the world on social justice to women, race disparities and collective gatherings etc
It was an enlightening course which provided an overview of several movements that have taken place in history through a feminist perspective.
I wish it was more in depth and longer because the topic is very interesting and ever relevant, but the videos were still very informative.
Thanks for the course materials. However, the video is somehow too long. It's difficult to watch an 1-hour video under self-learning.
It was interesting to hear new stories that I have not heard before, but it would have been interesting to have more current content
it was a great course and i learnt about various new cases and factors that are included in the study of feminism and social justice
This course helped me understand the core values of feminism and social justice movements and why they are so important
Really interesting discussions and topics. It's a pleasure to listen to the Professor, she is really a good speaker.
it was really nice course. hope many  young generation will also take this course. it was a nice experience
I wish there was a little more content in the course, but it was a good primer on a variety of topics.
An excellent review of the   difficulties women face today and the recent history of those struggles.
Comprehensive and interesting, would have been nice to include some other perspectives as well.
very nice course i really enjoy .It got a lot of information about feminism and social justice
A well-curated and organized course, I personally enjoyed the learning experience thoroughly.
The course was outstanding, and it was organized and presented in a neat manner, impressive!
A little too superficial, but still good. I especially liked the Salt of the Earth movie.
It is very good course. But I hoped for more talk on the feminism in the present time.
This is a very nice course, but is also totally US and mostly California centered.
An excellent course covering extremely important issues very relevant today.
I would have liked some readings to support the videos. Amazing content!
I like this instructor.  She seems credible, knowledgeable, not weird.
It was an amazing experience to learn feminism from Bettina Apthekar
Good class, awesome instructor, wish it were a little more in depth.
Really helpful to understand feminism and the history of women.
A very interesting course. I have learned so much. Thank you
Could have feminist discourses from other countries as well.
It was a very informative course and worth taking!
If we have some relevant reading it will be better
it was a beneficial coourse in maany respects!
Good and engaged session. Really good
Thank u for organizing the course
It was great. But too short.
Very motivational course
really good and engaging
it was great, thank you
Amazing course. Indeed!
great learning!!!
I have never though I could find such a complete and professional course on the foundations of feminism. If I had known it could exist, I would have looked for it everywhere. I discovered it by chance on a feminist page on a social network and, exactly the day after that, the University that I attend gave its students the possibility to join courses on Coursera, thus to attend this course. Professor Aptheker has a wonderful way to talk about historical events, as if she were narrating stories; her knowledge and passion intertwine in a magical way, making her one of "my" favourite professors of all my studies. I wish there was a second part of this course! Having a solid base of knowledge on feminism is of the outmost importance for me, both on a personal and on an inter-relational plan. The objective facts reported with clarity by Professor Aptheker are enriched by her personal experiences and involvment in some of the events described through the course. I am extremely happy of having followed this course and I wish it lasted more. I am very grateful to Professor Aptheker!
Professor Aptheker offers so much more than a class on Feminism and Social Justice - she offers firsthand accounts of many of the events the class goes over. She is incredibly knowledgeable and experienced. She is also rather lighthearted and comical at times. Her firsthand experiences lead each student into the background that's not just found in text or videos, but from her perspective and an inside look into what was going on behind the scene and during those months/years. I would happily take another course from Prof. Aptheker.
I greatly enjoyed this course. It was very engaging and I found Bettina's teaching style warm and accessible. I was disappointed the course didn't run for longer as I so enjoyed learning about the origins of feminism and key historical events that have shaped our position in the world today.
Beautiful course. A sensitive topic very lucidly compiled. Hope that such a course is available in the Indian context too.
It was a very structured and informative course! I enjoyed it very much. I wish there were more lecures though. She could've discussed the different waves of feminism and maybe reflect a bit on the issues and history of feminism in other countries and continent. It was very US-centered. Altough I could follow most of her thoughts, you probably need a deeper knowlegde on general US history to fully understand all her references and statements. All in all, I am very glad to have been able to take this course!
Inspiring, informative, enthusiastic, fantastic!
Wow. I really adored this course. Professor Aptheker managed to explain a diverse, and sometimes complicated topic in clear detail. I learnt so much from this course. I am sad to say I had not heard of any of the women mentioned in this course before, i.e Anita Hill, Angela Davis, anything about the Salt of the Earth strike... this is very disappointing and perhaps shows that education, too, needs to change in order to make people aware of women fighting oppression. I identified as a feminist before this course, but only recently. I feel that even the word 'feminist' has become 'dirty' in society- men make jokes about feminists all the time and have successfuly made many people feel ashamed to be apart of the movemet, i.e the stereotype that all feminists are crazy and dramatic (funnily enough, as Professor Aptheker mentioned, these are words commonly associated with women...especially when passionate or angry about something). I think it is disgusting that many girls will grow up thinking the same, forced to believe that such a beautiful movement is crazy. It is not. It is sane, and warranted, especially now with #MeToo. I now wear my feminist badge with more pride than ever before. We all should be feminists. Thank you Professor Aptheker. Please take this course.
Everyone should take up this course because this course has a structured curriculum for feminism. The idea of feminism is something we have learnt from media, one will come to know about the meaning.
This course was very impactful, I now understand the history of rape as a crime, the attitudes that have diminished and undermine women's rights. I am hoping that we will get things right as a people
Love this Course. Professor Bettina Aptheker is really a good teacher and a great person herself. She uses real experiences to teach us which is really remarkable and helps to engage with the topic.
Thank you for offering this course, it is way more than an introductory course, as well as the option of discussions proved to be highly beneficial. Ms.Bettina Aptheker is an excellent lecturer.
I thank Prof Bettina Aptheker for taking us through the journey of various movements that took place in America and learning the events from a person who was actually a part of a few of them. This course gave me insights of the discrimination faced by women specially the Black and the inequality faced by women in general. Thanks to all those who brought a change so that we are able to live a dignified life today. This course has been a change maker for me as it makes me take my freedom not so lightly and respect my dignity.
incredible course to think about feminism and social justice history in the USA. we are becoming more powerful and the world will change with us. More we - women- know more power we have. 

I hope that more and more classes and other people will join the movement. Feminism is about women, equality, sustainable development, racism. the more feminism, the better the world will become
This was an enlightening course! I had a limited understanding on the issues around feminism and social justice and I got listen to perspectives from many angles. And the Professor Bettina is great.
I have found the course of great help, giving me a whole thorough look at the social justice movement and feminism.
This course gives me a better understanding of what ferminism is.
First and foremost, I would recommend all women with a lack or little understanding on feminism or female social justice that have an interest in the area to enroll for this short course.I am very privileged to have been a part of the Feminism and social justice journey. I have appreciated and learnt that we as women, we should at all times uplift each other to promote social justice without discrimination. Also, I have learnt that Rape is an offence that no woman should keep silent on because it is unjust and against your human rights, because one has not consented to this kind of violence.When women take part in events, it only makes progress easy as it is more facilitated rather than only men enforcement.  Lastly, I encourage all women to focus on bettering themselves for themselves and not to solely rely on men for progress, happiness among others because only doing this makes you vulnerable to male oppression and criticism.
I really loved this course. I learned a lot throughout the course, it became too short for how much I liked it, now all that remains is to continue reading, inform myself and continue learning about feminism and social justice. The topics discussed were not boring at all and I can only thank deeply for all that new knowledge and awareness that I acquired. I can say with complete honesty that this course allowed me to clarify some of my ideas about feminism and offered me a totally new vision on topics that I had not considered much either because of my privileged situation or because they have never happened to me. I just hope to put this new knowledge into practice and try to put the seed of questioning our behavior in the people around me.
It was a very informative and interesting course. I Really liked the way of teaching of the professor. She was well versed and a knowledgeable resource person. I have learnt the basics of feminism and understood the working definition of feminism even the purpose and importance of feminism in todays era. Topics like Empire ZINC movement, Angela Davis' trial, arrest and prosecution were incredible.#METOO Movement has helped me identifying the societal changes that have prevailed in our society and even in the whole world.It has also helped me to analyze the effects of various feminism movements that have taken place until now.Overall it was a great experience studying this course.👍
I really enjoyed the course and was able to finish it way before the stipulated time because of how much i could relate to the experiences shared throughout the course. The discussion forum was really informative as well as the question aimed to get a more wholesome understanding of how abuse operates in different parts of the world and reading through it really made me feel like women essentially have the same experiences throughout the world. Some of the cases studied during the course took place before I was even born and reading about them really helped me in broadening my understanding of how social movements and Feminism has evolved over centuries of struggle.
The course Feminism and Social Justice is really great! Thanks to Bettina Aptheker, I know more of the history of feminism and how it developed. Incredibly interesting, quite brief and powerful, it made me think of the current social environment in my country and in the world in general. As a consequence, I should say I am ready to spur into immediate action to help people treated unfairly. Moreover, the professor is very knowledgeable. She managed to make many complicated concepts into easily understandable parts.  I would definitely recommend the course to my friends and acquaintances as the information given here is worth knowing and studying.
This course realli inspired me. I am a philosophy student and the next year I am supposed to write my graduate work, but I had some problems with choosing the topic, because the theme of my bachelor`s work did not inspire me any more. So, it was some kind of creative crisis. But then I saw this course. Earlie I`ve been studying feminism and especially the famous work of Simone de Beauvoir The Second Sex, so I decided to join. And now I`m really thinking of choosing feminism for my graduate work. In conclusion I`d like to point out that this course is really easy to learn and I enjoyed it a lot. Thank you for that!:)
I am so glad I was able to take this course and I wish more and more people would take it:a) Dr Aptheker is a brilliant teacher—her lectures are coherent and she is very clear about what she is talking about. It was a delight to take this course from someone like who has been a part of such great movements.b) It is an important course for anyone who is interested in feminism and social justice; it focuses on intersectionality, Dr Aptheker makes use of cases that we have heard of to go ahead with what she wants to talk about, the course looks through an interdisciplinary lens which makes it all the more interesting.
Professor Aptheker is person who has a lot of knowledge and conscience about the topic, having studied it, practicing it and actually taken an active role in many of the most known famous feminist movements in the world. Her course was full of historic background, current issues and a lot of self-deconstruction about the way we live and think. This course focuses on feminism and social justice movements overall, treating every topic with respect and a big amount of awareness, since exact dates, facts, and quotes are brought to the conversation. I absolutely recommend this course made by Professor Aptheker.
I loved the course! Im 16 years old and it really made me think and reflect on many many things and aspects of our society today. Bettina is an amazing woman and lecturer and I will for sure continue to research about her. If yo want to learn about feminism, social justice, the power of social movements, privilege, violence and so much more interesting topics this is your course. I really am thrilled to continue investigating and learn so much more about social justice after doing this course, so I really hope if your reading this you give it a chance because you are not going to regret it. :)
I found this course to be incredibly interesting. The lectures were the right links and covered the right amount of detail. The instructor has a great deal of in-depth knowledge about the subject, and even first-hand knowledge.  I liked the learning checks during the lecture, the discussion questions, and the quizzes. I especially liked that there was no writing required on my part. I have taken this course to familiarize myself with the subject and had there been a lot of writing involved, I would not have signed up. My life is too busy so this course is perfect as it is designed.
Social justice feminism is the practice of recognizing issues of oppression dealing with race, class, sexuality, and citizenship and challenging them through practice rather than theory. This form of feminism allows for a broader audience beyond the white middle aged women who began the movement. It actively fights racism and class privilege by “ensuring that those most affected by policies and practices are at the decision making table.” It advocates for more women of color in leadership roles and allows recognition for global gender justice and women's rights.
A very good course especially for someone who wants to learn more about feminism! What made it more interesting to watch is because of Prof. Aptheker; not only did she know what she was talking about, but she has experienced and gone through most of it, too, which made it more personal for her and somehow made me more engaged in the course. This experience was very enjoyable for me and I definitely learned a lot. It has opened my eyes into the various injustices that women face everywhere. I wish the course had been longer!
This course provided a lot of extremely important knowledge to educate me even better about the feminist movement and social justice, Professor Bettina Aptheker's explains in a very clear and intelligent way her ideas, explanations, incredible references in addition to her life stories that undoubtedly make part of the revolution that has been going on over the years. It was an honor to be able to participate, this course should be taught literally everywhere for everyone, thank you very much for this experience.
The professor was very knowledgeable and did an excellent job of distilling a lot of complicated concepts into easily understandable parts.  She is in command of the related historical concepts.  Her presentation was organized and clear.  I also found her to be very personable, with a great sense of humor (appropriately so).  I also enjoyed the variety of topics covered and the specific examples that she used as the basis for her lectures.  I would take another course taught by her without hesitation.
Brief but powerful. Intersectionality reveals to be an inevitable tool and method to look into only apparently separate struggles. I also appreciated the frequent references to historical facts, anecdotes, and personal stories, again not at all just personal, but rather loud enough to be inspiring and eye-opening about otherwise hidden patterns. Would certainly recommend it, especially to those who are willing to challenge a stereotypical interpretation of feminism and feminist studies.
This course is truly educational and inspirational. It gives the power of knowledge that is a necessary step in making any kind of change in our society. We owe it to ourselves to learn, increase our awareness and knowledge, before we can change and improve our society. The first step towards change is knowledge, which this course offers, the second step is to change our hearts. That part is our own responsibility. Thank you for the course, Dr. Aptheker, and the gift of the first step.
I loved this course! I could not wait to log on to learn more from Prof. Bettina Aptheker. The pace of this course was perfect and I especially appreciated the careful balance of theory and application of feminist principles. Thank you Prof. Aptheker (and Coursera) for making this course available. I consider myself a feminist and advocate for vulnerable women, however I have never taken a Women's Studies course. Participating in this class has opened a new door for me. In power.
Weekly course topics were diverse and covered material and historical events that wouldn't necessarily be included in a typical introductory Women's Studies course. Lectures were accessible, but they provoked thought and listener engagement. Professor Aptheker's humor and personal anecdotes made me feel like I was inside the classroom. This was an interesting crash course in feminism and the intersections of gender-based oppressions with race, class, and other systems of power.
The lectures were educational as well as inspiring. The struggles women faced and many challenges they still face now, together around the globe connects us to form a bond. It gives us, women a perspective and vision into what many women are still facing; not all struggles are similar, but nonetheless we all are collectively united in our beliefs that one day things will be better than its today; till then the struggles, confrontations and equality goes on.
this was my first experience. it was incredible. i never had the opportunity to attend college. i am 50 years old and a stay at home mom caring for my disabled son. i was looking for a way to take classes. sharpen my mind. i wasn't even sure i could do this because of my schedule and also because it feels like a lifetime since leaving the 10th grade. i feel such a sense of accomplishment. and look forward to taking more courses. i would highly recommend.
It was a great course, I am so glad I took it! The lectures are interesting, especially because they try to highlight the importance of intersectionality in feminism. I think it is an enjoyable course for beginners who want to have a better understanding of feminism, but also for people who have knowledge about it, as it reviews key events and concepts from an interesting perspective. I would love to take more courses with professor Bettina Aptheker.
I loved that this course addressed interesectionality so wholly, because I feel that otherwise, interesectionality is not given as much importance in the teaching of feminism. The professor was extremely lucid in her lectures, and kept me engaged throughout. I also particularly appreciated that she did not shy away from 'subjective' topics, and did not try to give us an 'objective' understanding of events. Would love to see more courses like this!!
Short but interesting history of feminism in the US. I would have liked more information about other parts of the world (though I understand and accept that Coursera is a US-centric website).I found the most value in the theme of the intersectionality of feminism - I was aware of it prior but Prof Aptheker's detailed knowledge expanded my understanding, and gave me more ways to understand and articulate my own intersectional feminism.Thank you.
Phenomenal. I just wish it were longer or covered a range of other topics related to feminism and social justice such as elaborating on more theoretical concepts or general ideas along with the stories and narratives about women. The videos were also engaging and Ms. Aptheker was a fantastic lecturer. I wish the videos were more broken up but the content and learning experience did make up for the length. Thank you for the course.
A refreshing course indeed that explained the concepts of not just feminism in general, but how class, race, genders and ideologies are intertwined to become more than just a movement. The course also makes you become more aware of society in general and how a change should began from day one. Interesting course that I would recommend if you required a short course to get some intro to feminism, movements and social justice.
I learned so much about the social justice movements that have brought us as humanity to where we are now, their background origins and the people (women) who started them. It definitely is a course that inspires you to be a better much more active member in society, giving you the tools to not only make a change in the world but in your own way on how you percieve life. Plus, Bettina Aptheker is a helluva woman! Love her!
This course is an excellent introduction into the very complex issues of intersectional feminism. The course is mainly historical, outlining and discussing specific events/movements in US history, rather than focusing on theory. I would highly recommend as Bettina's approach to the course's delivery is very engaging, and her first-hand experience of some of the discussed events make the lectures feel unique and specific.
Professor Aptheker is an amazing speaker and a very insightful professor. This course is very interesting and sheds light on the issues that are not recent at all but coming to light recently. It has given me a new perspective and understanding regarding social justice. It concerns everyone, everywhere. I hope everyone would listen to this and learn about these, and professor Aptheker does an amazing job teaching.
Not only is this course timely, it is extremely educational and based on facts and historical events. I learned of several historical events that I had never learned about in school (but I totally should have). I had already considered myself a feminist before I completed this course, but I have a much bigger understanding of feminism and social justice now. I highly recommend this course to anyone and everyone.
The course is extremely beneficial for people who are just started to explore intersectional feminism. For people like me, who have studied some of this already, it serves as a brush-up course, and may even give another view to cases we've read about already. Or you might not know of the cases, and it'll add to things you do know. Regardless of your current level of knowledge, a course like this is still good.
Following these lessons form professor Bettina Aptheker has been one of the few pleasures of this sad 2020, I will always bring with me two key concepts: intersection and collective action.Also, I will continue to work on my understanding of Angela Davis' theories, writings and life. SHe has become one of my philosophical hero, and I am sure she is one of the best person who walk this wicked, beautiful world.
I liked how the course was a reflection of several movements and analysing and reading about those so personally and objectively at the same time. Professor Bettina Aptheker is very skilled and and her personal experiences in these movements adds to the beauty. She highlights different perspectives for looking at these cases. I am very aware about several things now. I also loved her book recommendations.
I feel "Feminism and Social Justice" course made me more aware and conscious about the ongoing as well as the past issues regarding the justice and rights for not only women but men too. The course was interesting from the beginning till the end. Professor Aptheker's thorough explanation about every topic was amazing!!!! To be honest, I thoroughly enjoyed learning every information! Thank you, Professor!
I have learnt a lot of things through this course, this course really helped me in changing my perspective. I will definitely recommend this course to as my people as possible. A huge huge thank you to Prof. Bettina for designing this beautiful course. I really loved her teaching skills, the way she taught us and presented this course was commendable.  Thank you so much Coursera for this course.
This was such an awesome course. this is the first time I've used Coursera and it was so inspiring to be lectured by Bettina because of her involvement in the feminist movement. It was so great to hear her real, first hand experience along with facts of the cases. I also loved how she had specifically chosen cases which reflected intersectional feminism not the "white woman's feminism" story.
This is a fundamental fantastic course that should be presented in every basic school, every company, to everyone and everywhere. I want to thank Prof. Aptheker for a wonderful curriculum and for explaining in a clear way the fundamentals of interesection-feminism. I would like very much to have an extended curriculum and would appreciate eve more if could include other worldwide examples.
A must for all students! this is one of those essential subjects (along with psychology and environmental studies) that should be taught in schools. because we have to learn this (be exposed to this knowledge so to speak) to provoke thought process that will ultimately result in a change. In more changes, very much needed. Not too overloaded material and yet succinct and to the point.
Just perfect, very useful to understand the feminist movement and some important cases for the cause. It is kind of revolting to see how much society has to improve to provide equality between different genders and races, but it is essential to recognize the importance of the movement for women in general, and also to find ways to make the world a better place for future generations.
For the beginner i mean who do not have any knowledge about feminism and social Justice this course will be really really so helpful. The course was very interesting. Personally i have learned a lot of things. This course changed my mind about the concept of feminism and social Justice. Professor B. Aptheker's presentation, story telling method, analysis everything was so enjoyable.
Professor Aptheker uses events from US history to concretely illustrate the ongoing feminist struggle for women's rights, safety, access to opportunities and resources, and representation in a way that highlights the intersections of gender, race, class, and settler colonialism. This course is an excellent introduction to historic and modern issues of feminism and social justice.
I am trying to get the basics of Feminism correct - and this course helped me build a historical context of the movement. I found it very useful and even though the context is American (just an observation not a criticism) but there are so many paralells with the situation in my country. I guess all I can say is that it was perfect - and now I am looking for the next level
Thank you, this course was really interesting, eye opening and should be mandatory for everyone. It changed my view on Feminism completely, helped me understand where my difficulties were with it before (regarding ints interconnectedness with class, race and all other forms of oppression) and resulted in a much better historical understanding of how this all came about.
This was a fantastically accessible course that covered a wide and comprehensive history of feminisism. It was a good length and the lectures were engaging, particularly as Bettina drew on her own experiences. The combination of quizzes and discussion points was a good way of making sure you both recalled the facts and contextualised and reflected on what you learned.
This course was so informative! I really appreciated that it provided an intersectional perspective on feminism and its history, and I learned about key events in more detailed ways than I'd heard about them previously. I would definitely recommend this class if you're interested In the history of feminism and how it connects to feminism and social justice today.
This course was extremely inspiring. Bettina was amazing and I enjoyed the way she weaves her personal experiences and stories into her lectures. Very engaging and the materials were excellent! I'd highly recommend taking this course if you are interested in learning more about feminism and other social movements and the intersections of these concepts!
Amazing! This course really put the current feminism and social justice movements into a historical context for me and gave a really great overview but also insight into some of the theoretical framework. I really enjoyed Professor Aptheker's teaching, her personal stories and sensitivity. Thank you so much for sharing this important resource, respect.
Very eye-opening and informative. Professor Aptheker is easy to follow and explains in great detail how feminism and social justice movements are intertwined. This course really makes you think about our society and how women have made such profound impacts and also sheds a light on the inequalities and disparities many women are still facing today.
This course is a must for all people out there who want to get information about social justice and feminism its just a scratch on the surface but a much needed start up on the subject matter. Helps you form your own opinion based on actual life events. and the instructor Dr.Apthekar was really wonderful and amazing person who has inspired me.
I loved it. It was challenging because of the range of subjects one has to keep in mind, but it is totally worth it. It definitely changes the way you perceive the world and the course is a strong foundation for you to get familiarized with these theories and gets you motivated to learn more on your own. Thank you for this beautiful course.
I highly recommend it. It provides you with a grounded perspective on what feminism and social justice mean and represent. Definitely, everyone should be informed and know about feminism and the struggle that has been brewing so that women and in general all people have a voice and vote with equal power in all spheres of human life.
I thoroughly enjoyed the learning experience thanks to the wonderful way the spokesperson delivered the lectures. The empathy and cause behind the topic was well understood as the topics were aptly sorted to align towards helping students learn about the misshapenings  and how to overcome injustice by  coming forward together.
I like the course and highly recommend it to others. I found it interesting, enjoyable and a lot of fun. It is a serious topic but I had such a strong interest in the course material that it was fun to learn the subject.  The teacher is wonderful and does a great job of clearly and accurately presenting the course material.
Very insightful. all-encompassing approach to feminism: it's reach and it's impact on social justice.Helps one to think deeply and critically about the roles women are assigned and why and the value that they could add if they to be seen as equally human, therefore equally competent, equally ambitious and equally rewarded.
This is a great starting point for anyone interested in learning more about Feminism. Each lecture is dedicated to understanding the social context and significance of key moments in the Feminist movement, and connects common themes of intersectionality and the historic oppression of women to each event. Highly recommend!
This is a course that everyone should take. It allows you to expand tha perspective you have about feminism and a lot of historical events. Not only that, but it is also an inspitation to continue raising our voices and work for the change we want to see in the world. We may can´t do everything, but we must do something.
As per me most of the students are not aware about the terms and movements of women of 20th century that led to mass movement and is still prevalent till today which has helped a lot to women to fight various forms of discrimination. Salt of the earth, Angela Davis case  & metoo movement origins are explained here well.
Not only are the lecture videos engaging and really well done, the material explored is discussed at length so you have a really deep-seated knowledge of the subject matter. This course is meant for everyone, and I would highly recommend it. It is informative, and truly focuses on topics that should be common knowledge.
I loved the course. It helped me understand the inter sectional issues concerning gender, race and class. It was very informative and certainly worth all the time that I invested in it. Bettina Aptheker is a great teacher. She has inspired me a lot. More power to her. I am grateful to her for the valuable insights.
Feminism and Social Justice has been an insightful and awakening experience for myself.  Ms. Bettina Aptheker is perfect for teaching Feminism and Social Justice because of her own personal experiences in the matter.  I truly appreciate the exposure to events I had not heard of but will now continue to learn about.
Professor Apthekar's method of teaching felt like we were reliving those experiences with her as she was recounting them. The lectures widened my understanding of Feminism in the context of Social Justice and prompted me to think deeper about such issues. The learnings will stay with me forever. Thank you, Ma'am.
The course held my interest and gave a short and sweet overview on feminism and social justice issues. It provides context and background leading up to the current state of the oppression of women. I also think it's interesting that Pressor Aptheker has been personally involved in some of the movements discussed.
The course was absolutely amazing. The professor taught with so much knowledge and experience that it was impossible to get distracted even for a second. The course covers a wide range of events giving extensive background knowledge. It was all detailed out beautifully, I would highly recommend this course :-).
Bettina Aptheker is fantastic. Although this course is focused on feminism, Prof Aptheker brings a very strong intersectional angle as well. Her lectures are excellent and informed by not only her scholarly background, but her personal experience as an activist-scholar in key events like the Angela Davis trial.
The course "FEMINISM AND SOCIAL JUSTICE" provides a clear view about the various struggles and history of the feminist wave and social movement. Professor Aptheker, clearly explains all the aspects and the syllabus is also quite reasonable. This is a worthy course for people interested in feminist studies.
This course is very important to who wants to have an analysis of what is, feminism and refresh the concepts of a trully society free of patriarchalism. It has fundamentals analysis of the structure in relationship with society and the individual posture of a feminist - its about revolution of mentality.
This course is amazing.  I am a journalist with 20+yrs experience and covered gender issues for 10+yrs.There are eye opening moments in this course.  I strongly recommend that many adults who are interested in feminism and gender issues take this course.  Cases are interesting and talks are powerful.
such an interesting course, basically  I does't had much knowledge in this topic are, while through this awesome, enlightenment and informative four weeks enriched me a lot.  No way the lectures by Bettina Aptheka really, really awesome. very happy to be the part of this course. loved it . Thankyou
Lovely course - it was really full of such rich content and was exquisitely provided from the professor. I actually was hoping though for more readings on the matters as well as a review of the waves of feminism through history since I think each wave does have a profound impact on social justice.
I could relate to all the issues surrounding the stories presented in this course. Having lived through those times it was really interesting to hear the detailed accounts presented about the events that happened and not just  what the media presented about Angela Davis and Anita Hill. Thank you.
I absolutely loved this course. It was the right amount of engaging. The professor including actual events in the course and not only talking about factual information made it quite enriching. She herself being parts of certain feminist movements left in a sense of awe and admiration. Thank you!
Thoroughly rewarding. Thank You, especially to Bettina for developing and presenting the course. When I was 13 (in 1970) I never foresaw a time when I would be studying Angela Davis or the Soledad Brothers. Times have changed (slightly) for the better. But so much more to be done. Don't give up.
It is a privilege to get to listen to Bettina Aptheker speak. She effectively binds the issues from the history to the present. The way she explained the intersectionality of feminism was seamless, well researched and graspable even to people with limited understanding of the feminist movement.
i loved this course. it talk about every aspect about the feminist movements and what has happened all over the years, how it started. you can understand how they started to campaign against all forms of injustice. i have understood so much from this course and i have learnt so many new things.
If you are scrolling through reviews to decide whether to take or not this course, this is your sign, do it. The professor is amazing and know from first hand experiences so much about social justice movements and listening to the lectures is just incredible. I would definitely recommend it.
Excellent course, so informative and so interesting. Filled with key historical events which i feel everyone should know about, because they are the foundations of today's world. They are narrated very well by Mrs. Bettina and it is fascinating how she was actually a part of these movements.
It was amazing. You never get bored when she is talking, she gives a clear picture of feminism and social movements. It is so inspiring and i wish i could have taken more courses with her. Thank you Coursera to give me this opportunity to attend in this course and develop my own perspective.
Feminism and social Justice is an amazing course.  It has given a very clear idea of what exactly Feminism is. Prof. Bettina Apthekar has brilliantly organised the lecturers in such way that she has blended her personal experiences along with other historical, political and social movements
The course is amazing, and so is the instructor. I wish that there were more lectures by her because they are so interesting and eye-opening as well, to a certain extent. Nevertheless, the experience was absolutely wonderful. I hope that the professor offers more courses on this platform.
Dear Prof. Aptheker, thank you for this amazing course. I loved every minute of it. It is a course many have to take up to understand the standing a woman has in her society, anywhere across the world. And you have made this understanding easy, simple and interesting to learn. Thank you!!
I really enjoyed the course. In my university, there are no courses on gender studies and it was very great to get this kind of background. Thanks to my professor, thanks to my groupmates whose responses I read and informed about the cases in India, Brazil, and other places in the world.
It's a complete course of this important topic, I learned a lot and also I'm so proud of that this tipe of information is an interest fot lot of person, that show that, as a society we're moving forward, isn't much but withthis course we can learn and just move on for a justice society.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, with the wide range of content and examples throughout history and race. Thank you Professor Apthekar, who made this course very engaging and especially interesting. I love Feminism and Social Justice and you made me love it more and know more about it.
I found this course to be deeply engaging. The way the professor taught this course was amazing ad it helped me understand US history and the interconnected nature of gender, race and class. I would recommend this course to my friends so that the movements can spread like a wildfire :)
As a young woman and someone who does not know too much about feminism, this course was an excellent beginning to start to get related with the feminist culture and values. It was a beautiful and powerful experience as well, and a motivation to continue learning more about the subject.
This is one of those courses that you want to be longer! Its a request to please make this course more elaborate. One of the most important topics, and probably the only course in Coursera dealing with it! It was also a privilege to hear Professor's lectures. Her persona is inspiring.
Wonderful course, very informative and engaging. Dr. Aptheker is a great lecturer. The only negative is that the course was too short to be titled "Feminism and Social Justice". Maybe a more accurate title would be "case studies in feminism and social justice in 20th century America".
The course has been very interesting, and even though I had already a basic preparation of the general topic - intersectional feminist theory and movement, it taught me more about the specific US environment, and gave me few more points of view and topics of discussions. Recommended!
Excellent course! I learned an incredible amount about social movements and important women in the history of the feminist movement. I enjoyed Professor Aptheker's teaching style and found her very down-to-earth and relatable. Really enjoyed this class and recommended it to others.
ITs a must learn course for both Men and Women. The Tutor Professor is too good to explain all historical facts so well. I would motivate all to join this and learn how old this women empowerment word is and is strongly worked upon by many people and crossed many global boundaries.
The professor is very clear explaining the content and the material offered during the course is very helpful. I highly recommend this course. I have to outline that the way the professor talks about the content is unique - I am very satisfied with this course. I've learned a lot!
Thank you for having this class available. I wanted to learn more about social justice, and systematic oppression and this was the perfect class to take. It was heavy and useful information that I will share and consider when helping an oppressed community. Thank you again! :-)
I have really enjoyed the course, especially for its intersectional focus. The concepts studied are widely documented, including one from the teacher's own experience. I personally liked that the course materials are given in the form of videos, which make the lessons dynamic.
I loved taking this course! So eye-opening and fascinating to learn in depth about feminist and social justice movements with real, concrete examples. The first-hand experiences from the professor were also incredible. I learned so much, everyone should be taking this course.
It was one of the most inspiring and clarifying courses in my life. Being an American Latin woman, even in the contest of not living outside of South America, it brings to me that understanding the oppression I suffer is the first step to begin seeing myself as a feminist.
I loved bettina, shes so smart and eloquent and explains such complex events in a fantastic manner. I with the course would continue, I learned so much and I am excited to continue learning about feminism and social justice.Thank you Bettina! you are an inspiration
Very good and interesting, I think that everyone should do this course because it provides basic tools to better understand the current situation of violence against minorities and especially towards women that occur systematically in practically the whole world.
Professor Aptheker provided great insights from personal experiences and historical events too. I learned so much from the struggles of women in a historical context. and hopefully it opens the discussion on the feminist struggle in developing countries too.
This course was really fun to take. Even if I am a young Asian woman who is simply looking for a basic Feminist course, the course thought me more how to appreciate intersectional solidarity through the stories and struggles of the women who came before me.
This course gave me a new perspective and a renewed passion to engage in social justice initiatives. It also forced me to confront some of my own misconceptions and inaccurate preconceived notions. I am so grateful for this course and for its accessibility.
it was a very informative course , which has given me an amazing overview of the historical as well the present scenario ,with respect to sexual violence , discrimination , and other forms atrocities  and biases that exist in our society, against women.
Great classes and things to learn about the changes in feminism and social justice over the time. I have really enjoyed it. Thank you for sharing all the amazing stories of brave women that allow me today to move forward with the fight for equal rights.
I loved the explanation about the history of the movement and its importance, I believe it should be a more consumed content and more people should take away their old concepts, we need each other to live in harmony. No one is better than anyone else.
I was looking for a course that would teach basics of Feminism. I think this course accomplished that very effectively. At no point was it too difficult to understand, yet it was interesting and knowledgeable at the same time. It has the perfect pace.
This is a very interesting and needed course for all the people that want to understand how feminism can achieve social justice, and the way these issues are related as well. If you aim for a equal and fair world for everyone, this course is for you.
Very interesting course. Good use of multimedia. The movie, Salt of the Earth, and the history behind this movie, were fascinating. The professor certainly knows her material, and to hear her first hand account of the Angela Davis story was riveting.
This course helps to understand the evolution of feminism throughout history in a simple and didactic way. In addition, each lesson of Professor Aptheker is quite entertaining because of her way of relating the events and her experience. I loved it.
It was a really good course, I'm highly recommending to everyone. And I'll always remember the Dolores Huerta's quote that " Every moment is an organizing opportunity. Every person, a potential activist. Every minute, a chance to change the world."
Very well organized course, showing different perspectives, facts and cases to beetter understand what must be understood to make this world a better place and understand feminism a collective effort to end with many problmes our societies have.
Thank you so much Bettina Ma'am!! Your insight into the course is quite inspirational. It really helped me in learning about events and movements I had been unaware about. It's been a great learning experience under your guidance. Thanks a lot!!
Impressive course with a rich objective collection of content that takes you on an unprecedented journey of appreciating the importance of social justice movement and its constant relevance to the feminist movement across generations and time.
Very informative and a lot more focused on the intersectional elements that are so crucial in social justice movements than I expected. Very important in highlighting the interdependence that ALL oppressed people have in raising each other up!
There were so many new things, so many new powerful women`s names and stories, that I didn`t know before. Now Knowing all these events ,stories bombs my mind. This course totally turned mind for 180 degrees. Sorry if there are some mistakes.
Is an amazing class. I strongly recommend it because it teaches you the roots of the social movement, and make you think about what is happening today.  The professor  is very nice and prepare. Any student will totally enjoy her lectures.
Thank you for this wonderful summary of events that have influenced the situation of women in (most of) Europe and the US. The historical context together with relevant recent events conclude to why feminism is and remains a vital topic!
Prof Bettina beautifully highlighted intersectionality between race, class, and gender in different social structures. The lectures were informative and increased my curiosity to learn more about different concepts that were introduced.
Its a worth to get learn these ideas from a very prestigious mentor, thanks professor for your kind teaching, your lectures will help me the most in next couple of years, I feel more confident know to have this access.thanks Professor
This course is really fundamental for formation of all citizen in the World!! The professor Bettina Aptheker is a wonderful brilliant woman and I'm so thankfull for everything she did and do to change the chauvinism and racism in USA.
This course is marvellous! It's an excellent background about how did we
 arrive to this point and how the feminist movements are changing this 
perspective. On the top, Professor Aptheker is amazing! Recommended to all of my mates!
I gained comprehensive knowledge about feminism and justice in America. In addition, the issue given by Professor Bettany always connected the environment around me with the material he provided. I am very happy to take this course.
This course helped me to understand the history of this movement and all the values involved in it. I love the books they recommended and it was all clear, I hope that at another time this plataform will add another similar course.
Such a knowledgable instructor. The course explored case studies that illustrated steps taken in the modern feminist movement towards social activism and cultural change. I recommend this course for its insights and thoughtfulness.
I think it was a really important course and I learn a lot, however I think  the audience to which the course is directed is mainly an American public, but in a general view, it was a really informative course with many learnings.
It's an interesting approach as it introduces cases from the USA. I'm from Peru so this is a nice and clear introduction to the feminist movements and court cases that were turning points for women in the USA in the XX century.
i am so happy that i took this course. it ia super informative while also being super interesting. anyone who wants to know the history of feminism should take this course for a clear and better understanding of the situation.
This course really provides a broad spectrum of knowledge on Feminism and social justice.I would like to thank prof. Aptheker for bringing us such an informative course which would enlighten our knowledge.Thank you coursera.
it was really interesting course that i completed without any bored and distraction. The Salt of the Earth movie was worth to watch and make me easy to understand what is intersectional feminism and social justice. thank you
The course was exciting and insightful. I was glad to how feminism has an actual impact on the social movement. It is very important to know that these are not just theories but have a concrete impact on lives and societies
Very good course, Bettina is lovely and I could understand all that she said. It is also fantastic to hear the stories from a person whos really been there. A nice course even if you have some prior knowledge on this topic
Most interesting material, well presented, and easy to understand. Thank you, this course gave me a fundamental understanding of Feminism and Social Justice. I am now equipped to carry out further research on this topic.
This is an incredible introductory course. Take it to deepen an initial understanding of feminism, and to recognize the nuances (in the Western context) of the feminist movement through important moments in its history.
This course helped me a lot. The movements discussed here made me to think about movements in my context. The Angela Davis case was really unknown to me and as I have read a paper of her, it moved me too much, her case.
I learned a lot from feminism terms, I have another point of view toward specific moments and situations that they were huge news, the professor has a lot of knowledge either by personal experience or actual information
The course was offered by a participant of the Feminist Movement in USA. Her personal experiences as a leading participant and keen observer made the course rich with authenticity. Kudos to Professor Bettina Aptheker.
Excellent course. Four thorough, and interesting lectures with discussion forum questions and a review quiz for each module. Professor Aptheker’s style is engaging, warm and encouraging and I learned a lot.Thank you.
One of the best course.Everyone has an different meaning of feminism but professor apthekar has fabulously explained the meaning.The case studies were excellent and was fun to learn.Thanks for this beautiful course.
Thank you, Professor Bettina Aptheker! Enjoyed your historical perspective! Enjoyed the videos! Enjoyed the course! We've come a long way, but we have a long way to go! Thank you for your part in moving us forward!
Great course, I learned a lot and Professor Bettina was really educational and entertaining at the same time. A big feminist thank you to her, for all the work she has made to advance the feminist cause in the u.s.
It has been a pleasure to take this course. Listening to Bettina is great, thank you for all your explanations and experiences. Easy to follow course, huge content. The kind of feminism I belive in: intersectional.
It is an excellent course. I learned about historical and political events that were important for us to talk about feminism and women's empowerment today. Everything I learned I didn't know, so it was fantastic
Excellent course! Most informative and enlightening!The instructor clearly demonstrated how four historical events served as catalysts for drawing attention and increasing awareness of key social justice issues.
A great course for anyone interested in learning about intersectional feminism. Professor Aptheker does a great job combining the personal, the structural and the political into one coherent lesson in feminism.
As a second-wave feminist I thought I knew a lot about the movement, but I was wrong! So glad to have learned about Angela Davis, Dolores Huerta, Anita Hill, and the Empire Zinc strike.  This class was awesome.
Love the course instructor and the way she conducts the lecture. I have to say I feel very engaged with the class although it is online. I believe it would be a pleasant experience to work with her personally.
The course was informative and insightful. I enjoyed the use of real events as it made the issues much more real and easy to relate with. I have learnt a lot and will apply them in my personal life and work.
Extremely eye-opening course with a professor who is not only established in academia but also in real life political activism. Highly recommended for everyone who's interest in social justice and feminism.
A very good course, but personally I would've liked more of the history of feminism. Despite this, I think that this course is very useful to any human being interested in the topic and it is worth taking.
A brilliant course with an incredible professor who made me think about to keep my studies on this fascinating subject. Thank you so much, Professor Bettina have learned a lot and you are great inspirtion
Excellent course! Real life stories were shared that made learning this course interesting and relevant.  The speaker/professor delivers the course as if she was talking to the online learners directly.
I absolutely loved this course. Taking three milestone instances placed at various junctures of history and giving a detailed account made the entire structure of the course more coherent and relatable.
Very well structured course, with interesting topics and food for thought. I'd say it's a "feminist vademecum" to understand the roots of feminism and some problems that are still part of our actuality.
Simply inspiring and eye-opening. Bettina Aptheker is very clear in her explanations and you can tell that she is passionate about social issues and she has many experiences in fighting for the cause.
It is a great first time, beginner course on feminism. It not only involves what the movement is but also how aeverything from the context turns up to intervene on what happened and what we now see.
It was really eye-opening and the content was good in the sense that it not only talked about historical feminist movements and events but also related these to feminist issues as they stand today.
Incredibly informative and eye-opening about many issues that I thought I knew a bit about but turns out I had no idea about. Particularly the last two weeks on Angela Davis and the MeToo Movement.
we have a very good professor here! She is a feminist and that makes the whole course interesting and engaging! Great videos as an example and discussion materials. Discussions are very relatable!
This class is amazing, you learn so much about the feminist history of America, the Angela Davis case, some cases that sadly show how rape culture is still present and just makes you think a lot.
Great course covering 4 different parts of feminist history. Prof Aptheker is very knowledgeable and speaks from first hand experience while emphasizing the importance of intersectional feminism.
I loved this course. The information provided was interesting and prof. Aptheker explained it thoroughly. There are many examples and cases, which make the course really interesting and accurate.
Thoroughly enjoyed listening to Bettina Aptheker particularly as she has had personal experience in these topics. Great to hear first hand accounts of these important historical feminist events.
I really enjoyed the course in terms of learning historical feminist movements, approaches and inter-sectional feminism. Hope to see some Feminist readings, and ideas of South Asia too. Thanks!
Loved it! really interesting and engagin lectures, it feels like you are there in the class room listening to professor Aptheker, the content was 5 stars, i will leave with a lot more knoledge
It was a true honor and pleasure to learn from Prof. Aptheker! I feel much more equipped and encouraged to continue studying and organizing for women's rights and social justice.Thank you!!!
Really enjoyed such an intersectional and accessible approach to feminism and social justice. Highly relevant and good use of historical movies, cases and issues to highlight recent issues.
My only criticism was that this course could have been hours longers. The professor is delightful and her lectures are so interesting and educational, in such an accessible way. I loved it.
I really loved this course. I recommend to all with the purpose to change consciousness and think about social justice and how collective movements can help to achieve a feminist society.
A wonderfully designed Course! Thanks a lot for an amazing learning experience! 😇🙏🏼Coursera is a great opportunity to be able to learn many things by being in the comfort of your home!
This course is amazing. Bettina brings so much to the table, she doesn't leave any part of the feminist movement out. She takes all into account - and that's is so hard yet so necessary.
Everybody should learn about the history of women, not only men´s. Bettina Aptheker teaches and introduction in a really impresive way, her hability to integrate the events is admirable.
It was a very interesting class, that I recommend to everyone. I've learned multiple facts, it pinpointed social issues very accurately. The class is well structured and easy to follow.
This course gives me knowledge about feminism movement (and intersetionalities in race, class, gender, etc.) in the US. I also have learned more about women's struggles in their lives.
BEST COURSE ON FEMINISM AND WOMEN EMPOWERMENT!!! EVERYONE MUST GET AWARENESS FROM THIS COURSE AS TO WHAT IS THE SITUATION AND PROBLEMS FACED BY THE WOMEN SINCE THE WORLD SAW THE LIGHT!
I really enjoyed the course. I learned a lot and I am very glad that I took the course. I enjoyed the professor and her style of lecturing. I would recommend this course to all women.
It was inspiring and a enlightning to have access to this course with a so estimed Professor.The intersectionalties and all of the key points of modern feminism are embraced fluidly.
Gud aftrnun everyone.....tq for giving me this wonderful opportunity.....all the things which mam spoke was amazing....a very wonderful session which I took....without any hesitation
I learned so much about feminist history in this course. I feel like a new, empowered woman after gaining the knowledge that I did in this course. Would highly, highly recommend it!
Very Informative in nature. Explores many aspects which might have been there, right in front of your eyes but you might have never noticed it or maybe stopped to give it a thought.
I was so proud of all the information and the study was well explained I would recommend this to everyone you can learn from books but the real learning is from hands on experiences
It was facinating, i wish there are more course envolving feminist and social justice. Good Joob Mrs. Aptheker. Your course, your story and also your quotes will always be remember.
great for benginers. as a young female high-schooler, I belied so much rom hearing the struggles and voices of women through social justice and movements. so interesting and moving!
I really loved hearing Bettina´s Aptheker speak. She has lots of experience and first hand knowledge about Feminism an social justice. It was really a privilege to learn from her.
Incredibly moving, informative, well-taught and well-planned. Highly relevant, as well. I feel privileged having access to this course and listening to Professor Bettina Aptheker.
I could sit listening to Prof. Bettina Aptheker's lectures for hours on end. An incredible course which gave powerful insights into some major issues with relevant case studies.
This was a great course, it provided me with many helpful history and data about feminism. Everyone should take it for better understanding of its objectives and why it exists.
This course was really helpful.... feminism is such a topic which everyone should understand. I was very much inspired to choose this topic . I would suggest many to choose it.
It was a fascinating opportunity to learn about Feminism and Social Justice Movement in such a short while. The course is well-designed. It was an overall rewarding experience.
Great course and I learned a lot.  I wish it were longer than 4 weeks.  I liked that the professor was actually teaching a class rather than someone simply talking to a camera.
The content of this course was really good and well presented. It really gave a good introduction into different aspects of the Feminism movement both historic and present day.
This course was much informative, conceptual, and consistent. Professor Bettina Aptheker is such a nice person and one of the most amazing teachers I've ever had a class with.
I learned a lot from all the lessons. Even though I am a graduate of a minor in Gender studies, I am glad I have gained knowledge by listening, understanding, and reflecting.
Amazing course, I learn a lot in relation to Feminism and Social Justice that I was unaware about. Professor Aptheker was engaging and made me look forward to what's next.
It was an honor to have access to Prof Bettina Aptheker's lessons. Her teaching is brilliant, nuanced and presented so simple that I wish I could have more such sessions.
This course helped me to be more aware of things that happen in my environment, I also have learned a lot of feminist history and the professor is really good explaining!
The course went deep into Feminism, the different movements and concepts around it that I was previously unaware of. It gave me a more holistic approach to view feminism.
I found this course enlightening and riveting because it gave me a different perspective of historical events. I would and will be recommending this course to my friends!
I loved the course .it was straight forward and the professor ms Aptheker is a strong brave heart dealing and also being part and taking part in history..great teacher..
This course was so informative and easy to follow. I finished the course less than 2 weeks! The instructor Bettina Aptheker was/is awesome! I wish the course was longer.
Excellent course, to know and become aware of the feminist struggle, and in relation to social justice, and how this concerns us all as a matter of collective struggle.
a very nice flow of information. it's very easy to digest the content and i like the selection. wish it was longer and might rewatch some of the lectures in the future
I loved this course! It delves into the importance of social justice and an understanding of intersectional feminism as a movement for all oppressed groups. Fantastic!
A course that everyone should take. Bettina is an incredible lecturer and storyteller. Couldn't be happier with my choice to take this course. Very thought provoking.
as a woman, this course has made me feel much more empowered!! I've learned so much. I've learned about the events, the movements and so I have acknowledged so much.
Its really  an essential course for knowing women right and Historical movement to establish all right. Really i learn a lot,gain a lot from this courses. thank you.
i like COURSERA. i like it a lot. i learned more about Feminism and social justice.Very interesting Film documentaries, wonderful Professor we got Bettina appthkar.
Great insight and powerful statements. Brilliant professor and helped me a lot to get to know a little bit more of the feminist movement history of, mainly, the US.
This course was really very interesting and informative. Why don't we have professors like Mrs Bettina in our country? I just loved the way she explained things.
such an enjoyable course and i loved how prof aptheker presented the topics. my only real compliant is that i wish there were more weeks in the course to take :)
I would like to learn more about misogyny within oppressed communities and how they can be eradicated, which one ought to be tackled first and their correlation.
One of the most interesting online course so far . Professor Aptheker is an incredible speaker, you can really feel her passion and devotion through her speech.
The teacher was incredible and it was amazing that, aside from have full knowledge of the subjects, she was someone who lived the experiences told by herlself.
Bettina is amazing! Her content is straight forward. Every step of they way there is an intersectional analysis. The course should be called Intersectionality.
Informative, inspiring, impactful, great learning in terms of social justice , mass movement , feminism, gender equality and struggle of women for her rights.
Love Bettina Aptheker! I'm going to remember her and her teachings for a long, long time. Thank You so much for this Ma'am. Much love and respect from India.
Really well done. Bettina has a wealth of knowledge and life experience to offer her students. I really learned many thing about Feminism and Social justice.
I absolutely enjoyed the structure of the course. Ms Bettina Aptheker's style of lecturing including story-telling kept me captivated through-out the course.
What an amazing experience this course gave me. I learned a lot and I am left with the desire to continue learning about the incredible history of feminism.
Highly recommend course to all. It's only when we see all the history of feminism that we can see how much we have progressed and how much still is pending.
It is a wonderful course. I enjoyed the lecture. The course instructor has given very insightful and informative lecture on the feminism and social justice.
An amazing course, very thought provoking . I enjoyed it tremendously and completed in in a matter of days and a very important course for everyone to take.
its great experience and it help me to grow up and its understand me to power of women and we all respect women.and give them equal opportunity like man.
It was amazing to learn from someone who had been an integral part of the struggles she was teaching! Great content and great conversation and narrative.
Great course and it helped me learn and reevaluate my stance on feminism and social justice, which in turn helped me on how to support the cause better.
It was an awesome course all explained by dear Bettina Aptheker. I loved the way the matters were tackled and further analyzed. Thank you all very much!
I loved the slight humorous way of explaining the history of feminism by the Professor.  A must if you want to learn more about feminism as a movement.
I loved it! I also loved the material from the professor to keep learning about the importance of organization and social movements all over the world.
The events and examples taken makes the course unique and also the lecturer was excellent so much I could take back from her teachings. thank you ma'am
A really excellent course. Well paced, thorough. Took lots of notes and have lots of books/articles to read now! Thank you for providing this for free.
Very interesting! You can learn a lot about the history of social justice movements here and everything is with a personal touch. I really enjoyed it!
The material covered in this course was exceptional, I wish there was part 2. Thank you for taking me on this informative journey professor Aptheker.
It is a very useful course about feminism. Many courses about feminism should be delivered and other courses should be delivered about Human Rights .
The speaker is very knowledgeable and explains concepts in a way that any student will easily be able to understand.The course content it is great!!
Bettina Aptheker is a great professor and the content is really well thought. Fascinating that she actually was close to Angela Davis! Thanks a lot.
it helped a lot in clearing the doubts about truly feminism is about as nowadays there are a lot of misconceptions about what feminism is all about
I think it was a very informative and a great course, though it was restricted to the US, it gave a greater light to the events as they happened.
Very interesting. Very well presented. I learnt loads and have a much greater understanding of the subject the history and present day situations
This was a fabulous course. It taught an old dog (part of the second wave of feminsim) new tricks and inspired her GenX daughter. Let's do this!
It's a great introductory course. I particularly appreciated the historical approach taken and the level of nuanced analysis that went into it:)
I learned so much in this course and am grateful for what I learned and hope to apply it in moving us towards a more just and equitable future.
The topics that were discussed are highly relevant in this age and era.  I genuinely enjoyed all the discussions and questions that were asked.
This course is structured in an extremely structured manner. It proved beneficial to me. I am thankful to the course instructor for the course.
The only negative point about this course is that it is too short. I would gladly keep attending Prof. Aptheker's classes for some other weeks!
Loved this instructor and learned so much in this course. I would take anything she taught. This course was incredibly engaging and insightful.
The professor Bettina Aptheker was incredibly easy to follow.  What an insightful taste of such a deep subject.  I wish it was 10 weeks longer.
This was a very informative and very direct class. I wish there had been trigger warnings for discussions regarding sexual violence, and such.
This course is really very essential one in everyone's life to know the rules,laws and vital issues related to feminisn.It is really adorable.
This course was very useful. Bettina is incredible and gives a contextualized explanation in each lecture. I loved it, and recommend it a lot.
I am a trans man and I try to keep learning about feminism. The course taught me about movements that I didn't know about on feminism history.
I really enjoyed this course. Having a feminist theory background already, this course helped me use the intersectional tool within feminism.
the course is good and learning from prof. Aptheker  was an amazing experience since she had a first hand experience of the event/movements.
Thank you for the opportunity to take this course free of charge. It was enlightening and gave me food for thoughts on issues of feminism.
Very insightful course, I learned a lot form professor Bettina and from reading the comments of other students from almost all the world.
Excellent--Bettina Aptheker is a fantastically qualified teacher on the subject. I love that this was free and so accessible. Thank you!
Very interesting and engaging, topics of discussion were very eye-opening and really enjoyed taking this course, would highly recommend.
Although short, it gives insight in historical cases that should be remembered. Thus motivating you to do farther research and thinking.
I learnt a lot of things. I got the best idea about everything that had been going on in the world and I'm very happy with this course.
Bettina Aptheker is the best, amazingly well organized and easy to understand. It was an honor listening to her and learning from her.
This course was really interesting and Bettina Aptheker is now one of my idol. Thank you Professor for all this knowledge and passion.
Thank you so much professor Aptheker! I really enjoyed the course, it was extremely informative and explained wonderfully. Thank you.
I really enjoyed this course. It was enlightening, and it was a good break from all the technical learning I have been doing lately.
Brilliant and powerful, a short course but a deep vision that can be the optimal start for more awareness and a raised consciousness
I am in love with Bettina! She is such a great professor and woman! Thank you for this course, UC Santa Cruz and Coursera. I loved!
This is a highly enlightening course that I think must be taken by people of all walks of life. The knowledge gained is invaluable.
An affirming and holistic exploration into intersectional feminism, its history, and its relevance to today's struggle. Thank you.
The better and most straightforward class I've ever taken. It was really worth it the time and efforts put to complete this class.
This course have widen my horizon regarding feminism and social justice. I really commend Professor Aptheker's profound lectures.
It is an excellent course, I now know much more about feminism and all those movements that have promulgated female empowerment.
It really did helped me with my research work and to gain greater knowledge about the movement across the world and their origin
Dr Bettina Apthekar is a  amazing woman and an amazing professor. I loved her class more than any other course I have EVER done.
it was an amazing experience. learned more about the feminist moments and how society should change and adapt to bring equality
It was a very productive training for me. I learned cases and events that I didn't know. I gained new perspectives. Thank you.
This course is a very much informative and interesting one. I do feel honoured to have the access to go through this.Thank you
it's a light material but thorough and goes into details about important historical milestones. I really enjoyed this course!
Even though is really short it does gives you a big image of what feminism has been, and how important is our recent reality.
I absolutely love this course! the classes were very interesting and entertaining  and i absolutely love everything about it.
I learned so much from this course! I hope that we get lectures this in depth in class. Thank you so much Professor Aptheker!
Thank you, it was interested for me. I found many details, I had not knew before. This course give a new perspective of view.
This was fabulous. Loved the format and content and the instructot is excellent.  Would love to take another similar course.
This course offers a great sweeping introduction into feminism and how it intersects with questions of class and "ethnicity"
It was such an amazing course and helped me learn so much about the Feminist movements with its focus on intersectionality.
Insightful, powerful and thought provoking. It's really expanded my thinking on the connection between racism and feminism!
this is very good course, the way prof Aptheker make the  understanding of social justice and feminism, just mind blowing.
Amazing course for having a better sense of the complexity of the feminsit movement, and to learn about interesting cases.
I would like to sincerely thank you for this useful and interesting course. I really benefited greatly and enjoyed a lot.
A great course, I lear a lot a the topics were really interesting.I wish I could have had this class in a real classroom.
I loved this course!  The topics discussed, the videos, and stories shared provided insight into the history or feminism
I really like the way they handle the theory, it was a short course but, it has the basis to introduce us to the topics.
It is a small course where you get a better perspective of what is happening now, the movement and when it all started.
I loved this class so much. I felt passionate about the subject and lessons.  And the professor was amazing, loved her.
It was very interesting to know more about the story of many movements and also about the waves of the feminism in USA.
This is an amazing course. Everybody, both women and men, should take it! And Bettina Aptheker, the teacher, is great!
It was an amazing experience and honor to have learned the rise of feminism and me too movements by a great professor.
Thank you Professor Aptheker, I always love the way you dissect the case and materials. It's a very insightful course.
It's a basic course, but very empowering without letting the student lose touch with the reality of what's happening.
It is an amazing course that gives us a general view and content about principal happenings in the feminist history.
A beautiful course that gave me insight into various issues that i was unaware of previously. I loved it throughly.
Professor Bettina Apthekar is a wonderful teacher and her lectures are meaningful, knowledgeable, and interactive.
Though I took this course up as a part of my curriculum, I truly enjoyed it. Thank You coursera and the Professor.
I started understanding the history of Feminism in the US and the inter-relation of feminism with social justice.
Coursera provided a great opportunity to study in an online platform on the subject feminism and social justice .
A must do class for everyone! Easy to follow Ideas through anecdotal examples. Light effort abundant Information.
This course was amazing, the professor is a legend in the field and I'm so glad that coursera had this available!
It is wonderful, I am interested in Feminists movements since long time ago and this has just empowered me more.
Loved it, I am a feminist and this course helped me to think and learn more about the ideas that I was carrying.
This course is very interesting with lots of information .. I have learned many new things..Very helpful course.
Very interesting! Great course with prominent cases and examples. It will broaden your consciousness for sure.
A bit short but was very insightful. Loved the intersectionality of identity that is discussed in the course.
Thank you so much teacher all that you teach. I am really glad you know you. You and all women so strong ! :)
I was thrilled about the professors involvement with Angela Davis. I will ultilize this class for law school.
One of the most engaging online courses I have ever taken. Definitely heightened my interest in the subject.
Very engaging professor. Course provided historical perspective on intersectionality of femism and racism.
I really loved this course and I have learned some valuable information and Professor Aptheker is amazing!
Incredibly insightful and a real privilege to be taught by Bettina. I wish the full course was accessible!
Very interesting and relevant information, clearly presented. Everything is well referenced. Great course!
Great course. Bettina's lectures are almost like storytelling, and I found them fascinating to listen to.
The professor was very well informed and took the time to explain things in an easy to understand manner!
Very interesting and informative lecturing. The humanity behind Feminism is exhibited through the course
Loved this course! Actually wish it was a little longer, I'd love to hear more stories of the movements!
It is an amazing course and gives a full view about the history of women and the movement of feminism.
Bettina is a great lecturer and this provides a very good introduction to feminism and social justice.
Great course that makes an in-depth approach to different cases of women standing up for their rights
A brilliant course, such an incredible lecturer. Really sad that I've already finished it! Thank you!
It was a pleasure for me to follow this course. Aptheker is the most amazing professor I've ever had.
You will learn about difference of sex has effected Self-esteem , Economic career and living a life.
Brilliant. Every student of every school should have a course like this In their academic program.
Great course, I learned more about history and social justice which really happening in our lives.
I looked forward to everytime I would sit and listen to the course material. Thank you very much!
Course was very informative and relevant to modern issues as well as provided historical context.
wonderfully conceptualized to cover most of the critical aspects of the subject matter underlined
I would like to take courses like "The history of Feminism and Women" and more advanced courses.
You know this is the course I wish I could’ve been in the classroom. I enjoyed everminute of it!
I learnt more about feminism and it's relation to racial degradation, and oppression of any kind
wonderful experience learning with Prof. Aptheker. it has been a though-provoking course.Thanks!
That's a very intresting course. The lecturer is charismatic and keeps you engaged in the topic.
Bettina was incredibly knowledgeable and her experience was an absolute pleasure to learn about.
The course corresponded with me on so many levels. I just wish  it  were a bit more  elaborate.
Had learnt a lot new through this course , it was really helpful to understand and learn better
good introductory course on feminism, covering some interesting milestones within the movement.
Very insightful, especially on the origin of rape laws. I really enjoyed learning. Thank you!
Indeed informative and something I most definitely did not regret to join. Thank you so much.
I loved it . It was very informative. And helped me to to know about the feminist topic more.
A truly beautiful course to understand the nuances of feminism through certain case studies.
Wonderful examples of how women can change the world for the better. The professor is great.
This was one very informational course. You learn so much about feminism and social justice.
IT WAS SO INERESTING COURSE. I HAVE LEARNED ALOT. THE PROFESSOR REALLY TAUGHT WELL. THANKS.
Wonderful I learned a lot and want to read more about feminism!. I'm so happy and so glad!.
Great course to initiate oneself in a more organized path to feminism and social justice.
Loved this course and the instructor is phenomenal. Very informative and engaging course.
I love the knowledge of women's issues and the discovery of everything about Angela Davis
Excellent History presented. Very helpful for a person working in a feminist association.
It is an introduction but it is interesting and, personally, I loved the racial approach.
This is a wonderful course. It helped expand my definition and understanding of Feminism.
A must take in Coursera's catalog, excelent vision-changing lectures! Totally recomended
Nice and concise course loaded with history and relevant knowledge for today's climate!
Bettina Aptheker's classes were wonderful , useful and informative. ..thankyou so much
This is such a powerful program in spreading awareness of Feminism and Social Justice.
This course is about chronological development of Feminism and gives me many insights.
This caurse is so much Educative. And i learn so many important thing about famonism.
This is a great course, I specifically enjoyed learning about the origin of rape law.
I really loved the course , and Bettina is such a great professor. Thank you so much
FAntastic! It openned my mind to so much... I'm truly thnkaful for this opportunity!
It was really an excellent course. I could understand more about women's movements.
I greatly appreciated this in-depth presentation about Feminism and Social Justice!
It was interesting to gain a perspective on the history and definition of feminism.
Bettina ma'am is just amazing. I am grateful for this opportunity.Thank you ma'am.
The lectures were truly captivating and I enjoyed it greatly! I learned so much :)
Very informative course and the intersectional analysis gives a great perspective
Thoroughly enjoyed this course and will be enrolling for some more in the future.
Great course, excellent background discourse, to the point and thought provoking.
I loved this course, it opened my mind and the view of our modern and past world.
It is a great course. I have learned a lot from here,thankyou so much coursera!
Very enlightening and helpful to other fields of study such as communications!
thank you for your support to complete this course and i also like this bourse
This course is very beautiful, it really makes me understand what feminism is.
A compact and impactful introduction to the progression of feminism in the US.
AWESOME lessons. Nothing less to say. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart.
Great topics and information, i wish it was longer and specifc about feminism
Extremely well-conducted and informative. Professor Aptheker did a great job!
Madam aptheker shows us very important feminist movementsShe's very competent
thank you so much Mss Bettina. I pray for you. and enjoyed a lot the course.
I just wish you had more courses like this! I've finished, but wanted more.
A brilliant course and a splendid, very organized introduction to the topic
professor and her teaching style were wonderful. Hope to become like her.
This course gave me a widening outlook about feminism. I thank you for it
I loved the teacher and the lectures. I felt being taught by an eminence.
The course instructor is an excellent speaker. Very interesting course.
The course is super interesting and well taught. Everyone should do it.
a good definition to actual feminism instead of fake or pseudo feminism
absolutely amazing and so insightful. would 100% recommend this course.
Phenomenal, enlightening, highly recommended to literally anyone at all
It is a nicely weaven course with covering all the aspects and threads!
really educating! I love the way Bettina introduces the subjects to us.
This course was amazing! I could hear the professor speaking for hours!
This is a good course about feminism and social justice for begginers.
A very good and complete introduction to Feminism and Social justice.
Very useful information, I learn...Thank you to giving this course...
It's very useful and I have learned about many movements led by women
this course was super and i learned more about feminism at a new way.
I learned a lot through this course. I am glad that I completed it.
Thank you! I really learn a lot and i will keep helping my sisters.
Absolutely enlightening. Wonderful course that everyone must take.
So interesting, I have learnt so much, and unfortunately the strug
Thank you. I loved it. It was great, insightful, thoughtprovoking.
THE COURSE COMBINED BOTH HISTORY AND CURRENT CONDITIONS OF WOMEN.
Enjoyable, engaging and so informative. What a wonderful teacher.
helped me gain a deeper perspective about the struggle of women
Thank you so much for an amazing class. I am so sad it is over.
Superb course.Such more courses should be planned for learners.
Excellent course. Offers so many important insights. Thank you!
An exceptional course i would definitely recommend to take-up.
I loved every minute. Thank you. An italian feminist activist.
Love it. I have a new perspective about feminism and justice.
I had a great experience learning! The course is simply great
It was a wonderful experience, Thanks for all. I learn a lot
I wish it had more hours cause I was amazed by this classes.
I learned a lot and felt the validity of each of the topics.
Very interesting, enlightening and easy to follow. Congrats!
Great short introductory course to intersectional feminism.
without a doubt, one of the best courses I have come across
It is very interesting, wonderful  and informative course.
In interesting background to how things evolved in the US.
The course is really interesting and I loved the teacher!
Wonderful course that I loved and would highly recommend!
Excellent course.  I thought the lectures were fantastic.
I loved the professor and the material! Really good work.
So useful! Thank you for providing a productive lecture!
valuable to educate yourself on social justice for woman
Amazing and enlightening course! Recommend to everyone.
That was my first course on Coursera! I liked it a lot
Professor Bettina, thank you. I love you so very much.
Very gripping and informative course highly recommend
Excellent, Professor Aptheker is an amazing teacher!
Really a good course, full of info and good teaching
Such a great digestible introduction to the subject.
This is a good course! Congrats! I've learned a lot!
It's really taugh me a lot ! I loved the professor !
The course should be a compulsory subject in schools
Amazing course. Could have touched upon more issues.
I loved the detail into which the stories were told.
The professor and content was absolutely incredible
The course was very insightful. I'm glad I took it!
Thank you it was great to learn from our professor
This course was really an eye opener. Thanks a lot
Fascinating, I cannot recommend this course enough
The best course I've followed on Coursera so far!
Unique experience, amazing information ,well done
Really very interesting, informative and helpful
Whole course was full of information and vision.
Great course. It clarified many concepts for me.
Such an exceptional teacher!loved every lesson!
Amazing, inspiring, and very thought-provoking!
thank you for everything to improve my thoughts
Very powerfull & inspiring course. Eye-opening.
it's amazing, I think everyone should take it.
Nice experience, thanks for this possibility.
It was a great time learning with this app...
Best way to enter the feministic disscusion!
I learned so much throught this course, thxu
Thank you professorYour lecture is very good
Thank you so much! This course was amazing!
It was a very wonderful experience to learn
Very well presented and interesting course.
A thought-provoking and informative class.
excellent course i found in the course era
An amazing course and knowlodge for life!
It was a great course. I just loved it.
Super didactic and informative. Thanks!
An amazing course, I loved the content
Very very insightful course.Thank you!
A brain changer class, the best so far
Very good course.thank you very much.
Very good course, excellent teacher.
Very interesting. Excellent teacher!
Excellent course, highly recommend.
Fascinating instructor and subject!
Learnt a lot! Wished it was longer!
Really well done and very detailed!
Thank you so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
very interesting and simple course
It was an very insightful course.
Amazing, enjoyed it throughly :)
It was very informative. Thanks!
Learned a lot. Nicely designed.
Very interesting and inspiring!
Well done and very informative.
Thank you, it means a lot to me
Wonderful, thank you very much
Thoroughly enjoyed this course
Good, short intro to Feminism.
Thanks for interesting course!
I loved this class. Thank you
Very interesting and complete
Very nice! A wholesome course
I loved every second of this.
Very easy and awesome course.
Amazing, a must for everyone!
It was good I learned a lot
Really engaging! Thank you.
Interesting and not boring!
Great course and proffesor!
This is marvelous course .
Eye-opening and inspiring.
IT WAS REALLY INFORMATIVE
Really an amazing course.
Excellent course to take
really helpful content
Clear and inspiring.
awesome! thank u...
AWESOME AND USEFUL.
informative course.
Incredible course.
EXCELLENT PROGRAM.
love the teacher
Nice cover
