There are only men in the videos (only one woman on the background because they needed her for the man to have children). It discourages me to keep watching it. Women need representation.
Is there an option to refund for this course. Because its too advanced; 1st week videos are too basic and assignment for 1st week is not related to it.
Level of Video Lectures are far below than the level of Final quizes provided here. I'm completely disappointed.
Instructor has a strong accent, sometimes hard to follow. The optional learning part is not clear
Instructor was only reading from the screen, explanation should be in details.
I think the course is based on an interesting premise of incorporating real growth options and game theory in the valuation, but I have been slightly disappointed as I consider the applicability limited. As acknowledged in the final note the key to utilizing this sort of analysis is obtaining the highly uncertain values under different scenarios for different players. In an Advanced course like this I was hoping to get at least some guidance on how to estimate these payoffs for different players under different scenarios while only having limited information, so I could take it out of the theoretical context and apply it in practice.
In my opinion, this course should be better organised in terms of the information provided during webcasts/readings and the required knowledge to answer que quizzes (it does not always match). It was frustrating how long it took me to complete this course, since I had to do a lot of extra research in order to complete the tasks. Besides the missing information, there are also some minor errors in the material provided that end up being time consuming before you realise what's going on. Extra research is not a bad thing at all, but it should be considered when someone estimates how long it will take to complete the course (it took me much more than 5 hours a week). Maybe this course is too ambicious in terms of what it covers in five weeks, or maybe it is just my lack of experience in the topic, but that's why I decided to take the course in first place.
There are way too many typos in the subtitles and that highly decreases the quality of the webcasts. Students are trying to learn something out of the webcasts and bad subtitles really give me lots of unnecessary confusion. Second of all, I found the explanations in the webcasts are not very clear. It didn't give me a better understanding of the theories and the applications behind the theories, especially the optional videos in week 4. Maybe this is subjective, but that is my opinion. I don't think it is necessary to add more languages into the subtitles. Accuracy and precision are way more important.
Sometimes things are answered that weren't ever covered in the course. Also, id appreciates it if you'd try to be consistent with the naming of variables during the course as it becomes confusing for whom the topic is new.
Course is good, but some of the more complex concepts are not given enough time in the lectures
There was a bit of struggle with answering questions related to numbers.It was not clear if the number should be entered in full e.g $1000 000 Or entered in short $1m particularly in the first assessment towards the certificate on DCF Valuations.Other than that, the course was fine.
Lot of examples where explained mechanically without giving 100% clarity, for example while calculation option games , the payoff calculation for example was unclear.
The course was really interesting, especially how is developed the concept of  Expanded NPV, which combined, standard NPV with real-options and game theory in valuation. The course provide a  broad vision of the subject and it is essential to have previous corporate finance knowledge.  As a point to improve, the course should offer additional reading material since the information in the videos is not enough to answer the questions asked in the tests, which are very long and require good preparation.Since it is a distance learning course, this requires students to be searching on internet for the right resources and it causes an additional waste of time.  Other courses provide this reading material.If you participate in the forum, you can deduct that Prof Smit's book is used as a reference to understand in greater detail the topics covered. The book is not easy to find online.
While I appreciate the knowledge provided by the course (for which I would rate a 5), the execution in delivery took away from the value of the lessons (for which I would rate a 0), thus resulting in giving the course 3 stars. This is a challenging course and the inconsistencies made it unnecessarily more challenging than it needed to be. That said, I am appreciative for what I learned as it aligned with my learning objectives. To those who will take this course, a great deal of time and patience will be needed to navigate the inconsistencies in order to arrive at the golden nuggets of knowledge.
The animated videos as well as those with professor Han Smith were quite good and fun to watch. Sometimes the calculations were a bit difficult to follow, especially on a smaller device (iPad), but it's ok for an advanced course. What I didn't like so much was the overall structure - some things seem to be repeated randomly, not only from the introduction in part 1. Other topics seemed to pop up in quizes or discussions first time, and I found it difficult to navigate to the corresponding video to digest it again.
While the course provides a great alternative perspective on investment decisions, the course structure could use some improvement. At times, there key pieces of information missing for quizzes. Moreover, it also occurs frequently that there are multiple topics in the exams that have not been touched upon during the course. Overall, this course is interesting, but be aware that a fair amount of previous knowledge is required.
Material itself is very interesting and thorough. Some explanations are best served by examples, which is done in this course however there are instances where wording and verbosity has overcomplicated otherwise simple concepts, namely in week 3 (lots of jargon). All in all, pleasant introduction to game theory and real options valuations methods.
Course could have been more thorough with more number of modules and better exercises.
Could break videos into PowerPoint slides to explain formulas.methods used. I paused the videos to copy the information a lot.
Very useful and insightful, although the practice quizzes and end-week quizzes did not completely overlap with the weekly lecture.
Very informative but sometimes struggled to hear and understand Prof. Han, due to his accent and speaking too fast.Thank you!
There is little explanation of complex concepts
Excel support would be appreciated
This course has amazing value for its price.Professor Hans Smit managed to pack a lot of
content into only about 3 hours of videos.You will still have to supplement the videos
with reading and/or online research. In this regard, I suggest reading Chapters
1, 2 and 3; plus, the first parts of Chapters 4 and 5 of the Professor’s “Strategic
Investment: Real Options and Games” for a more complete grasp of the theory and
concepts discussed in the videos. For more practical examples, I suggest
resorting to recent editions of “Principles of Corporate Finance” by Brealey et
al. Brealey is especially relevant for those that, like me, never priced
options in college or in a professional setting. I have not touched Game Theory
in 10 years, but the Professor’s explanations, plus the practice exercises (and
some parts of Robert Gibbons’ “Game Theory for Applied Economists”) were
enough. Google will also yield decent tutorials.The course is scheduled for completion in 5
weeks – but I managed to conclude the course in 2 weeks (I skipped the honor
assignments), by studying at nights and during my weekends.The quizzes can be infuriating, because of the
rounding criteria – you will get all the exercises right, but the application
will rate you with a lesser score, because your rounding is different from the
rounding of the instructor. This is especially true in the NPV and ROV quizzes.The first quiz is incredibly stressful and
should not be used as a prelude to the rest of the course. The course is
rigorous; but because of the videos, and if you “do your work” (as the
Professor says in one of the videos), you will successfully understand the
content and how to apply it. So, if the first quiz seems intimidating – do not
worry.In summary – if you love valuation, you will
greatly enjoy (and benefit from) this course. The only problems are the first
quiz and the rounding problems in the following quizzes.
The course materials were very good and the course was very well structured. The content was very relevant and well shared, with multiple videos, relevant additional readings and practice exercises. This is a course I will for sure recommend.There was, however, a discrepancy between material delivered and exam questions, i.e.  learning material was not sufficient to answer many questions in the final quizzes. I found myself researching a lot and reading further to be able to answer quizzes. While this is great on the one hand, as one learns more and develops, on the other hand I am not sure this is exactly what should happen in this online setting. It was surprising to see that the honors assignments were a lot easier than the regular assignments.
The course was interesting and enjoyable. The DCF section was relevant and the excel exercise was helpful for someone building a DCF. The Real Options and Game Theory sections felt more theoretical, and would have been helpful to see more real-life applications of these concepts, but were still interesting nonetheless. The professor gave clear explanations though would have been helpful to have slides on the content (as opposed to reading the transcript / subtitles and pausing the videos to take notes).
The course introduces the amalgamation of basic game theory concepts and real options to provide an alternative framework for evaluating strategic investment decisions in uncertain and high stake situations. It is an excellent basic course to get started with understanding this framework. While mastering this framework for practical application would ideally require a lot more effort and resources, this is a good first course to get started.
It is a great course to grasp the underlying idea of how to do advanced valuation of investments. Given its short length, it is great. I would have loved to see more underlying explanations as I know the concepts here are provided in a very simplified fashion, with underlying assumptions, math and statistics are significantly more complex to dominate and hence apply in real situations.  Great course whatsoever, it will not disappoint you!
I felt that while this course is overall very helpful and well structured, it assumes pre-acquired knowledge about some things on part of the student. For example, in a quiz, there was a question about the winner's curse while this topic wasn't covered in any of the lectures. I could do well cause I have studied Strategic Management under my MBA curriculum. Overall, there's been a steep learning curve for me through this course.
Course is one of the most professionally but together ones I've participated in. Occasionally it is a bit superficial, but it is a very good refresher for certain concepts and it does teach you a few things you wouldn't expect. Sometimes you have to look for answers as you feel like the things asked in quizes aren't mentioned in the course, but overall I am satisfied with it. I would've regretted not completing this course.
Loved the depth of the course, great explanation videos and sometimes challenging exercises which required some thinking!Main point of feedback is that I would have preferred to spend some more time on understanding some of the formula. Usually a fundamental understanding helps me in applications and understanding its limitations as well.
Great content. I would suggest providing the slides with the information in the animations. It's very important for following class and further reference.  Also, additional reference material would be helpful, as some questions on the test are not covered in the videos.
Good course with great insights into valuation, game theory, and corporate strategy. Certain explanations were lacking at some points, which had to be looked up online. However, they were included in the certificate tests.
The course was of very high quality and the reaching by Professor Smit was excellent. Only thing, few of the explanations could have been more elaborate which might have helped me a lot (being from non-finance background)
More nuances with respect to in-depth calculations of certain metrics used ( beta values , factor values of u and d ) for example  should be explained more explicitly with course work to compliment it .
If the screen had subtitles, it would have helped a lot. The course was compact but relevant. Some more and detailed explanation would have helped in better understanding of key concepts.
Really enjoyed the course! Technical, and testing it pushed my to properly understand the videos and readings, and for me to further my understanding in certain areas.
The course was quite good and unique and also very helpful for looking at things from a wider perspective. Helped me in understanding valuation and options concepts.
It's a course that teaches you a lot, but you need previous knowledge in valuation, option and game theory. The course basically tells you how to combine them
Good course but for a beginner, it's hard to understand the real options theory concept and game theory. More videos to be added to make it beginner-friendly.
Very useful the first half of the course, as it is very practical.It is maybe too theoretical the second half of the course. Overall, 100% recommended.
A course that goes beyond the standard finance courses in explaining what practices are used in valuations of different types of companies/industries.
Such an excellent course! only aspect I would change is that the quizzes that require calculation must have an excel sheet
Very interesting and challenging. But the value additions point of view, it is highly recommended.
Maybe reconsider the rounding mechanism in the quizzes. All in all great content, learned a lot.
the course was good but it could have been better if more real examples were embedded!
Really well strucntured vourse that goes well beyond mere DCF analysis.
Really useful when it comes to valuation and investment decisions.
It is a good course but concepts should be elaborated more clearly
Too rushed
This is a fantastic course that provides you with the all the necessary knowledge and tools to perform a valuation of any given company. Apart from that, this course will provide you with the understanding of real options and how they can be applied in valuation analysis. Professor Han Smit of Erasmus University Rotterdam, the Netherlands developed a unique approach to company valuation: while the majority of textbooks on this topic focuses only on DCF models, this course is the complete opposite as it. It combines all latest scientific knowledge on the subject of corporate finance, strategy and real options and take the best tools out of those discipline to connect them in one robust framework that will allow you to to perform valuation analysis of any given company and will make you to stand apart from your peers who blindly employ DCF analysis exclusively without considering assumptions that are necessary to perform valuation accurately. Well, now you have unique opportunity to acquire the best knowledge and tools of company valuation, that, apart from making you more knowledgeable in the field of finance, will make you better decision-maker, be it when it comes to investment or any other complicated decision-making process you will have to make. Due to the depth and attention to details that professor Smit makes when explaining the concepts of valuation analysis, perhaps the strongest point of Advanced Valuation and Strategy course is that you can start straight applying tools and technique you are about to learn from this course. The take away here: take this course, prepare to grasp the complex fundamentals of valuation analysis as well as prepare to learn techniques that real-word Finance professionals employ and you will acquire a comprehensive understanding of valuation analysis from a practitioner point of view.
Very advanced course in corporate valuation and in corporate strategy. Having a good understanding of basic corporate finance topics is recommended.
The course offers both excellent theoretical framework and quantitative rigor. Unconventional perspective shared by the professor you would not typically find in M&A textbooks out there.
Excellent course that has practical implementation in daily decision making. I assumed an overlap with the CFA syllabus, however this was more advanced in that it included option game valuation which in an insightful addition to strategic net present value. Thoroughly enjoyed the content and engagement on the discussion forums.
This course was fun to follow and actually taught me new insights! (eventhough I already had a lot of different finance courses). Would definitely recommend
Great topic, great content, great explanatory animations!
A must for all those engaged in Corporate Finance
What an excellent course! I like the way how difficult topics are explained through the awesome animated videos. The course is very challenging and of a very high level. I have learned a lot. Thank you for this wonderful course!
Boosts your up-to-date understanding of how strategy and valuation come together. It helped me better understand my PE clients' buy & build strategies from a growth option valuation perspective.
Demanding at times but overall one of the better courses that make you think before you have to answer. I also enjoyed the ability to do some extra work if you are into honorable certificate.
The course is very consistent and didactic, with hands-on approach and simple language. It described, it is an advanced course and requires economics, finance knowledge.
Great course for those that work and want a solid overview of important valuation material. More advanced content than in other courses and very helpful instructors!
First of all, I started this course as a complementary activity to my bachelor degree's final project but along the days and weeks I became addicted to the way the course was explained and simplified as much as possible, so ended up giving priority to get the certificate instead of focusing on my project.Thanks to the teachers for providing me with new and additional knowledge of Real Options trough Game Theory, company's valuation, etc.I'm really happy of finishing my first Coursera course and hope to pass more in the future.
The course provides a good framework for option valuation in projects and Private equity, i believe the course is designed either for  finance professionals who are already working on  private equity , project finance or valuation  or for students withthe required background.the course is practical  , given is a 5 week course on a topics that could last more weeks or hours.Quality of videos is good.Professor explanation is Very good.
Really good course, but there are several incongruences on the peer-reviewed grading directions(Honor's portion) and the questions asked. Instructors should be more objective in what information they want in answers and not expect students to guess what to answer. This forces us to waste time correcting answers that are not wrong per se, but have been downgraded by peer-reviewers that followed the grading directions by the letter.
Videos are very well organised and they allow to have a clearer view of the topic. One thing I would add is some more brief readings or extracts from some book chapters in order to be able to dig deeper into the subject and to better follow the reasoning. Apart from this, it's been very useful as the lecturer was able to make difficult concepts very easy to understand.
This course is insane!!! Help me get such a deep understanding about Corporate Strategy and its correlation with competitors in the market. It emphasizes on valuing assets/ company by using variety of methods and simultaneously illustrates its impact on management's decision. Very straightforward and highly recommended!
It was challanging and the first part might get you frustrated, but the course is rich with resourses and I 100% would recomend this to whom ever wants to learn more about corporate finances.
I am quite impressed by this course. Lots of topics covered
in a very simple and comprehensive manner. Challenging sometimes and going deeper
in some evaluation methods. Also, very interesting the way the evaluations are structured,
providing good insights. The course also joints strategy and financial aspects,
making a fantastic mix of contents and different valuation methods whilst providing
some case studies. The course is really demanding, we can expect more than the
duration / dedication reported there.Videos very didactic, examples practical and some hands-on
exercises are really appreciated. Also, as it says, the examples and the
knowledge acquired also can be applied in our personal lives and personal
investments.I do recommend this course. Many thanks and congrats for the framing of this course.
This course is pretty interesting and helpful for me  and the professor and tutors are very professional and kind. I really into this class, like the atmosphere in class, the interesting guest lectures. and I also think for international students, the Coursera is very helpful. For me, my English is not that good, I can not follow the class all the time, so I can review the contents here. Thanks!!! Hope I could pass the exam!!
This was an amazing course. Learned a lot of new things when it comes to growth options valuation and other factors to be considered for company valuation. I feel more advanced topics and examples could have been covered or exercise problems for practice would be suggested, but I guess we can get those form textbooks. Also, I loved it when Professor Han jumped up from the bottom during the intro of some videos xd.
Amazing (and tough) course!!!! I can recommend it to anyone interested in the topic not only for the financial side of things but also due to how these metodologies can help you make decisions in your personal life. Prof. Smit explains topics very well. However, the course is certainly not simple and you will have to put in the effort but the reward is absolutely worth the while!
This curse is well structured and has the perfect mixture of challange, theory and practrical cases. I would assume it would be too difficult for people withouth basic  knowlege in investment decision making. The course material, videos and contents are very high-quality. The course itself requires concentration & was challenging enough for advanced learners. THANK YOU!
When I was following this course as a student I enjoyed the content a lot. While I was familiar with both real options and game theory, I had not seen the integration of the two, which seems natural. Finally, the quantification of strategies (combining strategy and valuation) forces me to think about it more and go beyond intuition alone.
Greatly designed course. Methodology is engaging (lots of different activities: quizzes, discussions, case studies, practice exercises) and inspires curiosity to do additional research on the topics. Everything is nicely explained and good insights can be learned from the lessons. Glad I took this, highly recommended.
Well taught course with instructive and clear videos which introduce the topics, further elaborate on them as well as clearly provide explanations of practice problems. Thereby, it consists of many exercises and practice questions for you to do. Overall a clearly and well constructed course from which I learned a lot.
I found the course quite insightful but got a little trouble with the terminologies. Nonetheless additional research and reading contributed to better understanding of the course material.The key to the learning was the exercises /quizzes and the insights provided in the answers.Overall a very good programme.
The course provides great insights into corporate finance and strategy. The concepts are explained in a well detailed way. Additionally, through its interactive character, the course is a fun way to learn about valuations and startegy in the context of M&A and private equity/venture capital.
This course is really useful and gives you an expanded view of Business Valuation. I think this knowledge would be necessary if you're projecting yourself to work as an Investment Analyst. This will also be useful in the long run if you're in the position of strategic decision making.
This course gave me a clear overview of valuation & strategy and how it is used in practice. Furthermore, the topics of real option valuation and game theory were very interesting.If you are still thinking about taking this course, stop thinking and just do it! You will not regret it.
The course was very informative and eye opener for me.  As I am not from finance background it was an uphill task for me to understand the terns and concepts. Thank you for the  course. If you could have excel sheet templates for all topics it would be a great help.
great course for linking valuation and strategy in the mentioned fields, but the knowledge is also applicable in other decisions under uncertainty with major impact with regards to path dependencies i.e. for personal life. I recommend it for finance professionals.
I believe this course is the most useful one within online educational sources of finance and valuation subject. Indeed, it includes Real Options Theory and Game Theory which you can find them just in the most prestigious universities with expensive tuition fees.
Excellent course, I learned a lot of new concepts and the format was such I had to work to understand in depth to pass the certificate tests. The instructor, Professor Han Smit was very engaging and explained the concepts very wellWould recommend this course
I absolutely loved the course. It was well laid out and the quizzes were not exactly easy either. Loved the professor's teachings on video. Made me understand the basics perfectly. Would love to take more courses from the Prof and the school. 5 Stars!
Well laid out course. High quality videos, challenging quizzes and interesting reading materials. Feel confident that I can apply the majority of the content taught on this course in my future career within the financial world!
Excellent course.In some cases some elements are not clear and I wish it was possible to get the possibility to get some further details, however it may not be compatible with the essence of a MOCCAnyway thank you
I think could be valuable for this course, incorporate some exercises in excel or other spreadsheets to have a better comprehension and to get the lesson on pdf for reviewing the course before the quizzes.
Very comprehensive and well-taught.  I learned a tremendous amount of valuable material, and the content was about as challenging as in my MBA courses.  This is honestly the best online course I've taken.
Excellent course. This course brings together the best insights from strategy and corporate finance. Highly recommended for corporate strategists and M&A professionals.
Great and clear video's on the study material. Very energetic teacher who's enthousiasm was passed on to me to work even harder to score a good grade for the subject!
Highly recommended! For those who just have the basics in valuation, like me, It will demand extra study and research... Investopedia helped me a lot ;)
Very challenging in the beginning as a 3rd year student, but extremely insightful as you study further within the course. Thoroughly enjoyed it!
This is a really immersive and tough course. The need to have a bit of a background is absolutely mandatory. Good luck with this.
Very nice structured course! The videos with slides are working very well for studying. Please don't make the exam too hard :-).
Great in-depth insights on valuation and strategy. The information provided is very clear and usefull for real life approaches.
A very challenging course with a very interesting focus for people who want to refresh and learn different valuation methods.
Thanks for all! It's a great opportunity to learn more about valuation, strategy, theory games and critical thinking skills.
Excellent course content along with a challenging sets of assignments that actually made me practice the content thoroughly.
Very instructive, I feel more confident with game theory, and expanded net present value for growth strategic options
training support (videos, readings and tests) interesting and easy to handle. The training content is very valuable
Best course for Valuation techniques. Study material, videos and content is very well designed. Thank you coursera.
This is rigorous programme  has enabled me to apply the concepts taught immediately into my current job. Thank you!
great learning. Slightly difficult but "A rock that perseveres under heat and pressure soon becomes a diamond."
Very clear structure. The best slides I've ever seen that illustrates valuation methods. Thank you very much.
I liked the course a lot. It was an interesting application of valuation, real options, and game theory.
Great course with thorough explanations on the vital elements of state of the art valuation techniques.
Great course on valuation with rigorous analysis and case studies, challenging and for those committed
Excellent course, very challenging - hats off to Hans & team, highly relevant in practice and theory.
Great review of alternative investment decision making in competitive/ multi-factored environments
In the transcript, please write all the calculations in formula form instead of in narrative form.
Excellent teacher, excellent course! Thank you Pr. Han Smith and thank you Rotterdam School!
Excellent course, it helps to develop basic tools in order to evaluate projects and company.
Very accurate Courses in this complex field. Great!! and happy to be one of auditors.
Excellent presentation. Very well designed and produced. Challenging and engaging.
Excellent, great teaching and videos. Genuinely thought provoking concepts raised
Good introductory course on an interesting topic - has inspired me to learn more!
Nice explanation of the concepts in Valuation with case study by the professors.
Very well written content and videos that helped me understand the concept well.
Very interesting perspective about options valuation in uncertainty sceneries.
Knowledgeable. learned a lot from this course. Concepts are cleared very well.
Well structured. Further reading could be more guided to specific resources.
A wonderful course that has given me deep insight concepts for evaluation.
Very informative and applicable to my job! Best value course on Coursera
Good for review the fundamental knowledge of Financial Valuation Skils
Great MOOC! A wide understanding of valuation including option games.
A very challanging course! Require a big effort. Highly recomended.
The explanations of the answers to some exercise are very helpful.
Excellent and a must to do Course for I-Banking Professionals.
Great course, surprinsingly deep for a MOOC with its duration!
Awesome, detailed and crisp with relevant theory and formulae.
Excellent course! Steep learning curve and great explanations!
I loved the animation videos for learning, very good course.
good course! absolute relevant informations, well explained.
This course allowed me to gain applicable valuation skills.
Great course! Good materials, explanations, professor etc.
This the only course where I find how to Value startegies
This is an excellent course. Informative and practical.
First course that i actually enjoyed on coursera.
Really practical and the explanation is superior.
Superb Course which is valuable for future life
Great in-depth course with wider applicability
Great professor and very well explained course
Very interesting course! Thank you very much!
Insightful and challenging course. Worth it!
Such knowledgeable professor! Lucid content!
Excellent course! Very Steep Learning Curve!
excellent courses for the company valuation
Great coverage of valuation methodologies.
A challenging and very insightful course.
Very informative course and well taught!
The webcasts are amazing! Truly helpful!
Very useful for valuation methodologies
This course exceeded my expectations.
Stuff that I have not learnt before.
professional, useful, advanced
Entertaining and insightful
The best professor ever!!!!
The best MOOC I have had
Nice, interesting course
Super easy to follow.
simply EXCELLENT !
Top quality !!!
Great Lectures
Great webcasts
