It would've been a more balanced course if there had been more corporate examples from outside the Netherlands.
Interesting as starting point, introduction for the SDGs and how to use them with real examples.
Very good course on providing the overview and establishing the challenges and the opportunities to move forward in the journey to achieve SDG 2030.
good overview of the 17 SDG goals, their interactions and challenges, with examples of how businesses are putting them in place.
Great insights and learning on understanding and applying SDGs to business
Very educational and inspiring!
GREAT AND EXCELLENT COURSE. WELL DESIGNED. WELL PRESENTED AND WELL DELIVERED. I STRONGLY RECOMMENDED
Very well designed program with interesting and inspiring real business cases to understand how relevant stakeholders - from public sector, private sector to academia work together on sustainable development goal 2030.
I joined this course with two goals. 1) To strengthen my knowledge 2) To understand how to drive business towards the SDG. I take immense pleasure in letting you all know that I have successfully achieved my goals upon completing the course. I would also like to add that I completed the course in two days. The course content is fabulous, the instructors are passionate and virtually connect with you well.  The best part about this course is the vast amount of external reading (articles, publications, etc.) that they provide us with to further our knowledge. Also, every concept that is taught is followed by a case study of a company, which helps us relate theory with reality.Thank you for a great course!
Interactive, full of materials, various approaches, different teachers for each topics and very well coordinated. It was really a pleasure to be a student of your course. I really thank you to have given me the opportunity to discover that in a Management School in the world there is a department of Positive Change initiative coordinated with a very inspiring director. I hope you will promote other initiatives on other aspects of these t
Great course, very interactive, informative and inspirational. Very well structured with a wealth of additional information available. Thoroughly enjoyed myself doing this course!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course as it gave me the needed insights and perspectives for the need for sustainability and how it can be applied to businesses and individual lives.
I learned a lot from this course. It was well structured and very informative.
Amazing MOOC! Congrats all RSM's Team.
This course was really helpful in furthering my knowledge and skills on the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). It really made an impact on my behavior as an individual, and reassured me of the importance of the actions of an individual (Hummingbird) as a positive force. I gained indpeth understanding of how businesses can contribute to achieving the SDGs, and what steps and processes they can follow to effectively contribute to the SDGs, and to measure their performance, as well as contribution. The course was also really content rich, and well structured. I highly appreciate this course, to anyone who want to bring about positive change. I am grateful to Coursera.org, and RSM for developing such a wonderful online MOOC. Samandar Mahmodi, Founder, Afghan Evaluation Society (AfES).
This is one of the best MOOCs I have ever participated. Each week I had gained some much that I will carry them to rest the days. All profs and industry experts are so inspirational and they are many things take away. Now i understand why this course is recognized as "best MOOC" my SDG Academy in 2019. I recommend this for every one to enroll, learn and get inspired. Be a #positive change maker.
Highly recommended for anyone interested in learning about the SDGs and how you can be an ambassador of change. The learning material is varied and inspiring, with different speakers presenting real-life cases from a wide array of businesses and management disciplines. And be ready for a bit of a personal weekly challenge as well!
Well written course materials and structured and easygoing lectures. Suitable for any discipline. Even if I am a student of M.Sc in Sustainable Development at Uppsala University, I have enrolled this to add value to my CV and brush up my basic knowledge with utmost care and integration.
It was a complete package for this course on driving the business towards sustainable development goals. I am pleased by the content, presentations and the way it was conducted by the luminaries and professors, academicians and corporate bigwigs who were experts in respective domains.
This course not only provided me theoretical knowledge on SDGs but also how SDGs are implemented in actual practice. On top of that, there were a few skills that I can use in my professional and daily life (e.g. systems thinking). I will definitely recommend this course.
Loved the content. Perfect mix of academic lecture and industry case studies. The weekly hummingbird challenges and other supplemental information was very diversified and interesting.My first Coursera mooc and the bar of standards has been set very high.
I am from a developing country where has emission is double growing fast. I would like to concern "Developed or Developing countries should cut down CO2 now". We should account for Emission on capital per population, not the whole nation.
You will immediately notice that a lot of thought and care has been put into developing this MOOC, it is very well set out. The videos are short and snappy and keep you engaged and there's a great variety of experts on each topic.
This is a very helpful course in trying to understand the relationships of problems and potential solutions in today's world. It provides a sort of mental framework on how to look at things and how they are interconnected.
This course gave me the learning tools and foundational knowledge to transition into a career in green industries. As an outside I felt helpless in the climate crisis but now I feel ready to tackle the challenge.
i am Mr.Muhammad Idrees. i am very happy because this course give me very useful information about the SDGs goals and much information about the other strageties.thanks for all instructors.idreesiub7@gmail.com
Gives a good overview of the way businesses can integrate the SDG's in their plans and actions. Has been designed in a smart way with short video's and fun exercises. May well serve as content for students.
The best course on coursera!  Interactive curriculum with scholars and corporate leaders sharing life experience and deep insights on why and how to support the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals!
Amazing content, the challenges presented each week made me realize the impact of several actions in my daily life and how changing them can contribute to a better, sustainable society. 100% recommended,
it was a great course and a perfect way to get introduced to the SDG's and to see the connections between them. The set up was nice and had enough varietion. Never a dull moment!
The MOOC was very information and brought a new understand of the Goals of SDGs. Also it has opened my mind towards SDGs and business world connection in the benefit of both.
Very well designed. The content is very well structured and taught. Variety of people teaching their topics and short videos help in focusing and learning to the optimum
A relatively easy and well-paced course with interesting case studies. Encourages you to take action towards sustainable development through its Hummingbird Challenges.
This is one of the best course available online, to have basic understanding how a business can be part of the global moment for sustainability  and agenda 2030.
A very interesting course, that not only give examples from different industries, but helps you to understand, what you  as an individual can do.
NB I  assume yellow star on the right  means highest rating. Course was  quite informative. very resourceful and look forward for more courses
Extremely inspiring and down to earth MOOC with practical tipps and engagement throughout all seven weeks! Really happy to have participated!
Great course on the SDGs giving an overview, making the goals more understandable and also providing awareness on who is already doing it.
The videos an materials are fresh and alive, interesting and easy to follow. The speakers are generally good and pleasant to listen to.
I am very grateful for the opportunity to acquire so much knowledge and learn so well under such easy-to-use online teaching methods.
This is a great way of getting introduced to the SDG's and at the same time get inspired to take action toward achieving them.
Excellent Course. Instructors have taken lot of efforts to share the ideas of sustainability and SDG's. Thank you.
Very well structured, highly informative and full of highly interesting resources to do and learn more.
Great way to learn about the Sustainable Development Goals and how to incorporate them in business.
This was a great course that provides both theoretical knowledge and practical examples.
Incredibly inspiring. Thoughtful and passionate speakers. Much recommended to everyone.
This course has many insights and motivate to achieve sustainable development goals
Great course filled with practical real life examples from different organisations.
Exceptional! Very easy to follow and full of real and inspiring business cases.
Thanks for the valuable presentation you provided. Hope to see you again later!
What a nice MOOC, thank you so much for the chance of learning about the SDGs
AWESOME COURSE ON SUSTAINABILITY AND THE 17 GOALS TO ACHIEVE IT! LOVED IT!
Well covered with a greater aim. Can be a springboard to success seekers.
Great exposure to the SDGs and real-life businesses built around them.
Fully inspiring, very critical thinking and creative MOOC. Thank you !
Wonderful learning, I couldn't stop my pace with the coursework.
Very achievable for a young kid, no matter what old are you.
Excellent MOOC and eye opener to SDGs to support our planet.
I totally love it! So many useful perspectives about SDGs!
Must 'read' for everyone in business or studying business.
A motivating course with insightful real business cases.
A lots of new things I have learned through this course.
Enhanced understanding of implementing SDGs in business.
One of the best moocs i did, definitely in my top two.
It has a really positive vibe and I learned a lot.
Great MOOC. A must for every business out there.
I really like the course and learned a lot!
High quality professors and information
Informative, eye opening and motivating
Well presented, thorough and inspiring
Very well introudction to the SDG's!
Everyone undergo this course !!
Amazing and inspiring course
To be better in the future
Thanks for the learning
An inspiring course!
Really Informative
I LOVE SDGs 2030
loved it !
