It lacks the option of  completing ahead of the schedule as the graded assignments are locked till the due data
It does not fully utilize the power and possibilities of a MOOC (students cannot study at their own pace, there is no live interaction, standard quizes and assignments), which is a bit ironic.Peer-reviewing really brings down the quality of the feedback. Not everyone is capable of testing, evaluating and giving constructive feedback.
The videos are very static, the content good but the course progresses in a rather slow way.The thick Dutch accent and the lack of diversity in the speakers profile is rather paramounting (but I have followed only the first three chapters).
From module 3 i could barely hear the lecturers
I listened attentively to all the videos. Some were very insightful like the series on portfolio prioritisation and the experience of Erikson and Phillips in that field. I also enjoyed studying the phases of innovation adoption. However, I have found the sessions on innovation implementation to be seriously lacking in practical insight: The idea of enlightned experimentation didn't mention how costly and time intensive a digital simulation can be, how to control its scope and level of refinement, etc. The stage gate concept didn't mention anything about whether this approach is compatible with an agile project approach despite it being such a common approach nowadays! I was also sorely disappointed by the session on teams and networks which I was really looking forward to... it presents a theoretical definition of networks but never gets to providing guidance on how practically it impacts innovation negatively/positively, how to deal with any of the issues that teams/networks can encounter (e.g. lack of diversity, how dense should we seek our networks to be? how to spot if the network is not working?). This left the session in the realm of academia instead of making it genuinely helpful to corporate workers.
Overall content is good. Some videos presentation can be improved. Some professors were excelent, others Ok.  Not all profesors had a very clear english. In some cases sound was very poor and some ppt presentations didn't capture the essence of the content. I recomend more infographics. Learning methodology is limited. Too unilateral. The dynamic of the course  in ocasions was lame/boring. Forums seem abandoned. Interaction among participants is limited. I recomend the use of case studies and group work asignments. Coursera's platform might be limited but innovation is possible.
The course has a good structure of handling different aspects related to innovation, but I didn't expect them to be so briefly presented. I understand that this is just a tiny fraction of what innovation management is all about, but it simply is just an overview of specific elements. I don't thig such courses are quite enough to claim that you now know what innovation management is about and cannot get a job soly based on completing such a course.
the only downside was lectures could be a little boring. it's not as interactive as i thought it would be, just in terms of the tones of the professors, and i felt like they were reading from a screen or something. besides that the information this course provides i found was very useful and informative for future reference.
Some interesting topics, but the weeks lack interconnectedness. Some topics are outdated, some videos unintelligible. Week 8 is especially disappointing because it lacks any kind of actionable material on the important topic of managing people.
I like the course in general. To some extent, it was very theoretical. The assignments were very good. There was no reference to platforms, which is a critical aspect of innovation management, and very few links to external content.
Thank all teachers for good job! The only drawback is the lack of people who can rate your assignments and whose assignments you can rate. The less people are in the course, the more time it takes to finish the course.
Quite theoretical and more like an introduction to Innovation Management. Lack of concrete examples. No interaction with peers (perhaps add group assignments?). The format could be a bit more dynamic.
The course is okay. I would have wished to gain more pracical skills. It is a good opportunity to understand the language of innovation and to be able to take the next step.
The course was about what I expected. I wasn't wow'ed though. Also, in some of the videos, I dodn't understand the teacher very well. I would rate this as an average class.
Great content, very engaging and helpful course. I just found some lecturers difficult to follow due to language limitations, otherwise I strongly recommend.
Course is good and very interesting, but extremely little interaction takes place in forums, especially not at all from the moderators.
Some interesting material but overall the course lacks a connection with the viewer. The presenters are definitely scripted.
Great course, but too bulky.
Second half was  better
Great course that gives you the basic concepts of innovation management, creative thinking, teams & networks and disruptive innovation. It follows a clear pattern starting with creativity, idea management, testing and  all the way to management of innovation teams. Good starting point for people who are new to innovation management. The exercises make it also interesting for those with experience and both these exercises and discussion tools are very usefull to think of your own innovation processes.
This course was very valuable for my preparation for my graduate program coming up. I am a visual learner and the visuals and examples used throughout this course helped tremendously. My advice would be to use subtitles so that you can see what they are saying because sometimes it was a little difficult to understand the different accents. I do like the switching of lecturers each week to keep our interest peaked with new faces and voices.
The course started pretty well, but went a little down-hill in some of the later lectures.Pro:-Very clear structure in the beginning-Questions and exercieses in-between-Introductions: 'What happens in this lecture?'-Summaries at the end of the lecture-Real life Examples & GraphicsCons:-The clear structure was abandoned later on -> often lectures didn´t have summaries anymore, the focus of the lecture was defined less precisely
It gives you a good overview and introduction to the topic of Innovation Management and I could relate to my own experience in innovation projects with my colleagues from the Innovation Engineering Team of my company. This was especially true in the part of the Toll gates and also the use of prototyping. I can recommend this course to anyone who wants to have an introduction to the topic of innovation.
An interesting course in terms of content. Visually it can be done a bit more professionally. Teachers' English is sometimes very poor, and it appears less thorough than what the content has to offer. Having peer reviews is something I actually find off little added value. It just depends on what someone thinks. I prefer a test with questions and new questions in between. It provides a better picture.
The content was really interesting and insightful. I took away a better understanding of the different types of innovation and tools for creative thinking. I also learned how to increase and and manage innovation within an organisation. I found the examples of innovations and organisations provided within the content were really useful and relevant.
Overall a very good introduction to innovation. I can recommand it.Well structured, covering a lot of ground around the topic of innovation. Interesting interviews.Lack a bit of practical tips. Tools of WK6.3 are just touched upon. WK8 about team/network was a bit of a pain. Very theoretical, no tool, no actionable insights for real life.
It was a nice, basic course, covering many different aspects of innovation management, helping you have a general view of the subject. I was expecting the course could go deeper into the themes, with harder invitation to some study. Also, there is a sensible difference between the various teacher's performances.
The course is great!The only problem is the realtion between slides and lectures. Sometimes the lecture has 10 minutes, and the presentation has 4 slides. It's never possible to review using only the presentations. Many times, the main concepts are not in the slides.
A great introduction to many important concepts in the field.Not going deep enough into the assumptions of these concepts, why they are the dominant concepts, and what other alternative frameworks/perspectives there are. Too business-school like.
This is a very good introduction to innovation management. You will get an overview. It could be better if it provide more relevant further readings or cases, e.g. roadmapping has been mentioned several times but yet not very well elaborated.
Pretty interesting course, teaching the fundamentals of Innovation Management. Having some background in business administration or practical work eperience can help, but basically the course is suitable for students and professionals alike.
I really enjoy the course, which was a introduction  the concept innovation and creativity management. It was technical but not feasible. Same for the amount of time I needed to invest.''Thanks to the University of Rotterdam and Coursera!
I have really enjoyed the learning and assignments in the course. It covers wide range for topics related to innovation and its managements. It was useful for me and I am already applying many of them on my day to day job.
A lot of useful information and good interviews and presentations. I hoped for a little bit more practical tips, how to apply an innovation management system in an company. But sure, very helpful.
I loved the course. The ideas and concepts were explained using good examples. However, it was sometimes not easy to follow the lecturer because of the different accents. Otherwise, a great course
Good Course. My sincere thanks to all the professors. I had a great time learning the interesting concepts, reviews, related videos and interviews. Thanks again! Hope to study more.
Really concise and to the point. Bridges the gap between basic definitions and advanced concepts well. Week 4 and Week 5 need a better layout/ slightly clearer diction.
Well explained, good examples and short, concise descriptions, definitions and explanations. Perfect for getting a good overview in comparatively little time.
Great course for beginners. I had no background on management or business but the course gave me a lot of new information in a fun and interesting way.
The instructors made the classes easy to understand with great examples and exercises to check the progress level. It's a very good course to take.
Interesting course with nice insights about what is innovation , how to foster innovation in a team, how to manage innovation in a project .
I really enjoyed this course, I found weeks 1-6 the most informative and interesting but really enjoyed the course as a whole. Thank you
I do understand now understand innovation management better. Personally I would like more quizzes and a second more deeper going course.
Good course. Assignments are a bit trivial in terms of grading. But in terms of the work that you need to put in they are good.
Interesting introduction to innovation management, however I'd have prefer it to go deeper into some of the topics.
an interesting path through the innovation process. very useful for the daily challenge in a VUCA world
Really enjoyable and informative course, looking forward to putting into practice what I’ve learned.
Awesome course. Learned so much from it that I apply even in a research environment. Thank you.
A good intro to innovation management, with significant examples and interesting structure.
Excellent and well-explained course. And it was also challenging and with helpful examples.
Although this is quite a basic course, I did manage to learn quite a number of new things.
Very nice course. Teach the basics of innovation & innovation management.Very motivating.
A very insightful course. Will recommend to people who want basic knowledge in innovation
Great introduction. A very good basis to deep dive into certain topics subsequentially.
Overall good and useful, one guy was not clear when speaking, I am sure you know who.
The course was good. It gave a broad view on the subject and was easily understood.
Great course, though one thing that is missing is recommended reading material.
I general a good course, but some of the instructors were better than other
A very useful introduction to innovation management keys and techniques.
Well organized, with good examples. Could be further enhanced with more
Good course for a beginner to understand the concepts in Innovation.
Very informative & helpful in innovating thinking process
very good course to start into innovation management...
Clear concepts and examples, I recommend this course
As an Innovation Manager I'm learning new things!
Very usefull to understand what is innovation
Totally enjoyed the course and learnt a lot.
excelent information by excelent teachers
i am very happy for learning this course
Very good content. Recommended
well dedicated for innovators
Good formation for beginners
Great learning !!!!!!!!!11
The course is very useful
Good base for beginners.
Nice course.Learn a lot
It was a useful course
Very helpful :)
good formation
I found this course very beneficial. It is taught in an easy and flexible way. It added a great value to my profile. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in Innovation! Thanks for the professional instructors who made it easier to succeed.
This course covers a lot of ground and the time commitment is very well balanced. The diversity of topics revolves around the same focus, it feels very well structured.
A wonderfully put together course. Very practical insights and useful interviews included. The course material is also quite relevant to today's work place.
This is one of my most rewarding courses. I must add that it can not be anymore timely than now.  Many people are becoming innovation think tanks in ways they could have never imagined.  It was a tad bit challenging yet, the skills I have acquired are priceless.. I actually learned definitions for innovation, innovation management, strategies and disruptions.  Great course!
New experience on e-learning. We need to just watch all the video modules and do the assignments to complete the courses. The teaching professionals are from top class universities made the courses simple to learn and easy to complete for the beginners. Flexible timings helps me to complete courses really. Being a design engineer, this course is improved my skills and helpful to do my job better. The contents on Innovation management like Creativity, Idea management, Innovation strategies, Portfolio management, Networks and detailed explanation on patents, copyrights and trademarks are valuable for my current job.
Course was novel and useful to me. I have started practicing most of the skills learned and sharing with colleagues and friends just like another friend and colleague shared with me. One person started same week with me and will complete the course. Many will join. Innovation Management is what organizations need to stay relevant and successful. I did enjoy every module because there was always something new and commercially useful.The lecturers are subject matter experts (SMEs) and thought well.  Videos made it very easy for me to learn, examples, case studies and additional videos where just cool. Bringing in CEO s of great and innovating Corporations was awesome. Pre-graded exercises kept me thinking and going back to review notes and thus met the purpose of the exercises. Reviewing classmates works was very interesting to me and helped me understand the modules better.  I had fun with teams and social networks - the actors and getting to know what kind of actor I am and those I had worked with & still work with in teams & my social networks.Put together this course is worth my time and I highly recommend it to Leaders at every level. Thank you Innovation Management team, thank you Erasmus University, thank you classmates. Stay creative and innovative.
Innovation Management by Erasmus University Rotterdam
taught me a new skill set of knowledge applicable to my overall career and
self-development. The topics are all relevant and delivered professionally by
the subject matter experts. The discussions and activities are well organized
for learners to gain a better understanding of the course.I really appreciate Erasmus University Rotterdam
and Coursera for granting me financial aid in completing this course. This opportunity
gave me a life-changing learning experience.Completing the course is worth the time and effort. Highly
recommended to all learners to take this course.Thank you Innovation Management team! Thank you
Erasmus University Rotterdam!Thank you Coursera!
I found this course to be really detailed and intensive, covering all the areas of innovation management, portfolio management and other related topics like creativity etc. There are multiple instructors with expertises which makes it diverse. I found it to be helpful also for my curriculum. However I am disappointed that I have to purchase the course for the certificate, being a student on a tight budget, I couldn't afford it. It would have been helpful if I did receive the certificate on completion!
The course is itself an innovative approach to outline the roadmap to carry out your innovation. To me it is invaluable since it matches perfectly with my objectives for  disruptive innovation at the National Meteo Centre where I work and where I am acting, as I learned as a broker. It has englightened me and inspired even more. I will use the course as my handbook in present and future endeavours with most definite intention to recommend it. All lecturers did a great job, thank you!
Very knowledgable and great course. The resource persons have beautifully explained the content and each Module is supported by Q & A round and Quiz so that the learner can rate his understanding and if needed the same Module could be revised again to have a better understanding of the concept. The final Module comprises of Final Quiz comprehensively designed to understand and rate the knowledge of the learner. I strongly recommend this Course.
This short course is very good to have a basic understanding about innovation management. Some popular concepts in creativity, innovation life cycle, innovation strategy and portfolio management are briefly described and discussed, so are well-known tools to facilitate effective brain-storming or evaluating values of an innovation. I have learned lots from this course and been able to relate many concepts to my current work.
I am a Management student at an undergraduate level in Italy and I found this course amazingly interesting! It includes some concepts and practical business tools and practices that are rarely taught in class. Some examples of these cool concepts and tools are Sociograms, Stage-gate models, Buckets definition in the context of Project selection and many more.Very much recommended!
Great stuff here! Really enjoyed this course. So much information, but it was broken up into small enough pieces where I could absorb the information at a good rate. I had to turn on closed captions a few times because of the heavy accents, but other than that I got a lot out of this class that will definitely help me in my job.
This is really a great course for Innovation Management, Tools is going to help me into innovation management.  I would like to thank you all the faculty who has given us the good knowledge on innovation management. I would also like to thank you coursera for providing us good learning platform.Quote : All World is one family
Great online course, complete and cristal clear, the excercises and quizzes help ypu with adquiring the knwoledge. Also liked the interviews with c suite level from big companies talking about real life experiences with innovation, and how they have been able to succeed with this processes, just amazing course, thaks!!!!
I really liked the course !!!! He is saturated with interesting, important knowledge about managing innovations. Lections are easy to learn, excellent speakers. Thanks to everyone who has prepared this course. !!!! The desire to create a specialization innovation management will be very good. Succeed in your work.
Wonderful course. Introduces major important areas and principles. Valuable interviewes with lead industry experts.  Some lectures are hard to follow (week 5 and 7) dues to speaker's pronounciation and language speed - for that I wish Coursera did a better auditing. And concerning content, I hoped for more detail
The course enriched my knowledge and made me more interested in pursuing my PhD in this field along with the technical innovations, as a sub-field. I would like to thank each instructor team member for their effort in preparing, directing and presenting the course in its final shape as we see it now.
I really enjoyed this course. It was informative,  easy to follow and it gave me new practical knowledge. I also enjoyed the tasks in each week of the course. Highly recommend to everyone who wants to broaden their perspective on how to manage innovation and creative ideas in a team/organisation.
I really enjoyed this course. The content was presented very well, the quiz's are challenging, but doable and I will be able to implement a lot of the content into my work. I highly recommend this course to anyone working in an area where 'future thinking' and change management are needed.
Great course on how to manage Innovation programs and management expectations. You also learn the different stages of managing an Innovation program in any organization.It has really benefited me to learn about Innovation Management. Thank you Coursera & Erasmus University, Rotterdam.
I took 3 courses on innovation from 3 different regions AB-USA-AU. All of them were very fun and instructive. It brought more experience than the books I have read. Thank you to all the teachers who prepared it. I hope more advanced courses are prepared and we can be students again.
A very professional, content-rich, well-structured, all in all simply excellent course. Good speakers who absolutely know what they are talking about. All material provided as downloadable files - this is best practice. I profited very much from this course. Highly recommended.
Great overview of the innovation management process within companies. I found the interviews with representatives from firms such as Phillips quite valuable. This course content should be standard knowledge for leaders and managers at all levels of an organisation.
Good intro course , necessary for building and moving an organisation forward in their innovation management . Break down some assumptions that i had with innovation and enabled me to be able to do proper portfolio management on the many ideas in the organisation
The professors are very knowledgable and communicate the ideas in a clear and organized way. I thought the assignments, quizzes, and final exam were very fair. Thank you for this course, I learned a lot and enjoyed the videos and examples from real companies :)
The course well covered and the instructors are knowledgeable. The flexibility of the course make it easy for someone that is busy to follow at his own pace. The assignment helps to challenge individuals on innovation and team work. I am really impressed.
Really well presented , clearly a lot of effort went into creating this course.presentations were clear and the interviews with business leaders were particularly interesting.The quality of the course has encouraged me to do further courses with Coursera.
I wish Turkish professor could have better pronunciation, or there could be a speaker to let students better understand the course. Despite this the course is great, thank you all for what you are doing. Best regardsAlex TikhanovMinsk, Belarus
An easy to follow, well paced course that constantly kept you engaged throughout the modules with short quizzes. You are continuously tested with courseworks, which you can success with others, and a test at the end to test your knowledge.
Very good content to help you build up understanding about innovation management. The coverage is board and at the same time inspiring for deeper thinking for your daily work, as a innovation strategist or brainstorm session execution.
I really enjoyed participating in this online MOOC and it's the first time that I didn't feel like giving up midway! Thanks to the team of professors for compiling this information on innovation and presenting it in a very lucid way.
This is a very good course that helped me understand how to move from an innovative idea to its real implementation and take into account both financial and human risks and errors. I thank you for your work in creating this course.
Very good,  I can understand the prinicpal topics of innovation managment, with that training  I can work better in my company. I recommend this course to all people want go deeper into innovation process. It´s a great experience!
THE COURSE ON INNOVATION MANAGEMENT WAS REALLY AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE IT WAS VERY MUCH HELPFUL FOR ME TO DO MY DOCTORAL STUDIES.  HEART FELT THANKS TO ALL THE PROFESSORS OF ROTTERDAM UNIVERSITY AND ESPECIALLY TO COURSERA TEAM.
A very great course with great aspects covered in field of innovation management. This course is designed very carefully considering practical examples and scenarios.I hope this course helps every one in real life scenarios.
I fell in love with the course. I highly appreciate my mentors and thank you. I know a lot of courses and this course is one of the best courses ever. In a nutshell it is exiting and inspiring. I also enhanced my English.
Very interesting course. It gives a complete overview of innovation management, good balance between theory and practical examples with sometimes interviews with industry leaders. I learned a lot from this course.
This is my first course which I could complete. The explanation was to the point and although I come from a core technical background,  I had no problems understanding the somewhat 'management oriented' concepts.
Great course to get overview and concrete ideas on how and where to start or improve your innovation management. More involvement than in some of the other courses makes your consolidation of knowledge easier.
The innovation management course was extremely helpful. It is very straight forward and very well structured. I sure recommend this course to my colleagues and friends who are involved in innovation projects.
i'm  delighted, my right and left brain are now in balance and i now have enhanced motivation and confidence in me that i can perform better in future, thank you so much for providing us the opportunity.
This course really helps me a lot in getting indepth knowledge about innovation....There is clearity of concepts in teaching and i completely enjoyed learning through erasmus university and course era..
A course that surpassed my expectations! Can truly recommend it for persons whom are seeking new knowledge and understanding of components,  complexity and importance of managing the art of innovation.
Well organised and with a lot of commitment from the faculty. I would like to see deeper discussions on most of the topic. It felt like the faculty was trying to oversimplify ideas. Thank you
Great and versatile Course, with a perfect balance of both theoretical and practical part. Very easy to follow with highly relevant examples through known brands and companies. Great job! :)
I may not be able to compare as this has been my very first MOOC experience, however, I found topic, material and interaction presented of professional quality that made following truly a
Excellent course and very well structured. Great for the beginers. But also great for someone who are involved in innovation management to reaffirm and strengthen their knowledge too.
I get very great pleasure from all lessons, quiz and tests. Thanks to all lectures, Rotterdam Management School and Erasmus University. Strongly recommend to all new participants.
Very interesting and intuitive course, highly recommend to anyone starting at the topic or to refresh some concepts in Innovation Management, great insights and very good videos
Great course. Valuable information and really good mix between theory and practice. If you need to innovate at your work (you probably need it!), you should take this course.
Very enlightening course for me, it gave me a good background into the field of innovation and is well scripted introduction. I would love to do follow up courses to this.
Outstanding introduction to innovation management, with relevant content ranging from the basic concepts of innovation and creativity to teams and network dynamics.
I found all delivered material and lectures  very interesting and  practical. I would highly recommend this course to those interested in innovation management.
I have genuinely enjoyed this course, and I highly recommend it for anyone who wishes to have an in-depth introduction to innovation and creativity techniques.
excellent course, very well explained and clear in concepts. I also like the idea that they are very dynamic in the classes and the examples they present.
Very good MOOC with a wide explanation about inovation management.The course provide many examples and studies made by the teachers, I recommend this MOOC
Excellent course to be taken... Covers a lot of topics in innovation management from the ones we seem to know and the ones we don't... Big thanks to all.
Recommendable course. Really interesting to people who want to learn about innovation management, intellectual property and generation ideas methods.
The course is very informative and it helps lot in identifying key potential in teams and organization in bringing and developing innovation strategy
I found the course to be insightful, detailed and practical. It gave me the skills I needed for my transition to a new role in Innovation management
Very Good course to learn innovation management. I have acquired the innovation management skills through this course.  The the is well structured.
enlightened my knowledge, thanks to all the professors for giving the best teaching coursera is a hub wonderful opportunities  to learn new things
This course is design very nicely and content for each week is very specific, relevant and interesting. Overall, it is great learning experience.
Very nice course gives you top overview on the Innovation Management. There
is a voluble team and outside interviewer which add the course a lot
Great course to initiate a journey to professional innovation disciplines! Great content and schedule. The variety of professors is also a plus.
I would really recommend this course to anyone who wants to find out some more details about the way innovation becomes a reality for all of us.
This course provides a thorough and concise intro to Innovation Strategy. It reviews all the relevant terms. The classes are highly exhaustive.
Very interesting and challenging course. I really enjoyed the quizzes and home work which made me think more deeply about the subject matter.
Clear and interesting course! Theoretical and practical approach to topics, explained by experts. I would definitely recommend participation.
Great content and clear explanations for a better understanding of the topic. I found very useful all the assignments to deepen my learning.
Interesting course with enough depth on the subjects and very interesting cases. I have received practical tips that I can use in practice.
Great course! I learned a lot about innovation, creativity, idea management, portfolio management and how to execute innovation projects.
i got a fair idea of processes and insights into innovation management practices which will help in my teaching career as a professor
An extreme eye opener into innovation. I have walked out of this course with a new vision when it comes to business management.
Very well structured, the workload for each week is appropriate and feasible. Lectures are done nicely and easy to follow.
Course is simply superb! In today's destructive world, only disruptive Innovations will help.  Really very good course.
Very insightful and rewarding.I'm very excited with the quality of the course contents and the facilitators.Thank you.
I loved this course. Clear content. New insights. Really great to do it ad make me aware to learn more about it.
The course work on Innovation Management was very interesting and worth my time!!!! Thank you so much for this.
Really good course. Explains in a nuthsell the basics of innovation management. Enough knowledge to get started
Excellent course structure, fun to follow and a very good overview on a whole set of innovation-related topics.
Great course. Gives some good practical examples and assignments. All the faculties from RMS are truly awesome.
The course is helpful and made me understand many concepts which will help me in my real life implementation.
The course was very interesting, with real and good examples focused on the real world, not only in theories.
Absolutely great experience going through the course content......Great Learning Value.....Best Wishes......
very well done course some teacher could have been more clear but overall is very good and to be recommended
I am very happy learn about innovation management with Simple videos lectures, Quiz, assignments methods.
A great course to get familiar with various concepts of conducting innovation program in an organisation.
Well done Gents! Could go way deeper on some aspects of the course but I got a lot out of it. Thanks!
Very useful course, explains many methods to handle the innovation from its idea to production phase.
Really good videos and explanations for Innovation Management. I can absolutely recommend this course
I really enjoyed learning about this course. Great content and the examples were easy to understand,
A course very well done.
Useful concepts and usable tools.
Thanks for everything

Mattia Bastianello
Real great course material, categorization of innovation and how to manage was good thing to learn.
An excellent tool to enlighten Innovation Management especially for the Entrepreneurial Enthusiast.
very good presentation and live examples to explain the innovation techniques in the organisation
This course opened a world to me. It is well taught and well structured. I recommend it highly.
Awesome experience indeed... Thanks to Coursera and spl Thanks to Erasmus University Rotterdam
Really liked the course, the way it has been structure and presented. Very useful. Thank you !
interesting topics well presented and the assignments helped to apply the content to real life
Excellent course, i thoroughly enjoyed learning new concepts about Innovation strategies.
Excellent introduction into the subject and its application to business. Very well taught
Amazing course with valuable information and skills needed in the innovation teams.
Very good course. It goes trough several basic concepts of Innovation and projects.
A really good 9 week track to understand and manage an Innovation PortfolioA must!
Very helpful course, The course opened my eyes in some topics. Very explanatory!!!
Thecoursewascrisp&gave good insight to the innovation management .It was fun too.
Great course to understand the basics and the concepts for innovation management.
Easy to follow. Good examples provided. Nice and on target testing of knowledge.
Great input, easy to learn, most of the lecturers are very good, nice examples!
Excellent course and great tutors, they explain clearly and deeply the topics
I  can highly recommend this course to anyone! Really enjoyed participating.
i am really enjoy with this course, thank you for giving me a new insight
I have learned a lot and appreciate all classe I had. Thanks to the team!
This course provides useful insights into the vernacular of innovation.
Fantastic course for rethinking your management and leadership strategy
Very interesting and useful course for
every business professional.
Fantastic course! Came at the right time and has been very helpful.
You can learn a variety of new methods of innovation, really good.
Its good course to know about innovation & their process & aspects
An excellent course, well structured and insightful on Innovation.
Will I get course completion certificate.Waiting for your feedback
Good approach followed to build up topics and engage the learners.
Very useful and awesome course, I have learned lots of new things.
Wonderful learning experience and good explanation on the topics
Innovation at its peak. Beautifully structured and summarized!!!
Really helpful to look things in a broader way! Thankyou Team :)
That was my first course with Cousrsera and i think not last :)
very well prepared course related to innovation within company.
This course give a very good overview of innovation management.
Very helpful course with clear illustration material and exams
It was a wonderful experience. Kudos to all the facilitators!
The course was very information with real life applicability.
This was a very well-designed, informative course. Thank you!
I learnt it and enjoyed it too! Great effort by you. Thanks.
Lots of great, useful and directly applicable information.
Beautiful course. Thank you Erasmus University Rotterdam.
Great course, more techniques can be added and reviewed.
Very illustrative and friendly way of lecture delivery.
It's been a wonderful journey. Brief and to-the-point.
Good course to lthe basics of innovation management
It was an amazing experience having this course.
Excellent videos and learning process. Thank you
I have learnt plenty of things form this course.
Very good course very informative learned lots.
Great experience. Learnt a lot about innovation
Very good course, fine explanations and logics.
I really enjoyed this course, very informative!
This is a great course for everyone. Thank you.
An amazing course which adds up to my resume.
interesting experience and very good teacher
very nice and informative course, thanks!
Excellent course and updated information
I learned a lot, I recommend it 100% !!
It opened my mind! Really good course!
Nice course, very practical and useful
enjoyed the course. well structured.
Well prepared and executed concepts
Informative and well-paced course.
Good & Nice Presentation by anchor
Very good to understand the basics
Amazing course with deep insights
Great introduction to the subject
Very clear and easy to understand
Awesome teachers! easy and clear
Thank you for great Experience!
Definitely high class training.
Very good and neatly organised
The course is very insightful.
super course very interesting
It was great! Thanks so much!
Very good! Highly recommend.
This was my great experience
Good content and references
Very Helpful, Knowledgeable
Very good for free course
good and very informative
Awesome!! So practical!!
Very clear and concise.
Well-structured lessons
Good for self motivate
good for management
Clear and concise!
Very solid course!
All the best !!!
One of the best.
A+++ Content!
Great stuff!
