Where my free certificat 😠😠
Although l have worked as an international security advisor for a number of years, I found the course extremely useful. The sections on OSINT and illicit trade were particularly valuable and this sparked a desire to find out more. I did feel that some of the interviews were a little unnecessary but equally, some reinforced the practical aspects so no real complaint. Overall the format was extremely helpful. Since we are currently in lockdown due to the pandemic, I was able to complete the scheduled 7-week course in 7days  :)
Content is very good, very informative, for the most part. Unfortunately many of the scholars, not all, some are very clear,  do not have English as their primary language of communication, so there are mistakes in use of words, which affects the clarity of the message. This is unfortunate as it really changes the meaning of the message and it's especially bad for non-English speaking students to get a poor and uncorrected translation. Thank you for the course, which content is eye-opening.
The content is good. However, there is some issue with the accent in Week 6, especially, and a few of the modules in other weeks. Due to accent problems, some of the important words have been inaudible. Please pay attention to this issue.
Subtitles should be an accurate transcript of what's actually being said. More exercises would have been nice.
An interesting view of the theoretical side in matter of safety and security .
I did enjoy this course and it amongst other things has inspired me to apply for an international security themed Master's degree in Europe. A few things I suggest- I would have liked to have had more methods of testing in order to fully feel like I had earned more confidence and knowledge, and some of your speakers were quite difficult to understand (I know that English is most of your second languages so I am not trying to be rude, just to say it was more difficult for me to engage with the content because I was struggling to understand the speakers). All-in-all, thankyou for the content. It has led me to further pursue my knowledge in this field.
I understand this is an overview but, in several sections the content was broad but so shallow it lost practical utility. I would have preferred a bit longer lessens with more depth even if that meant an overall less well rounded course.
Excellent course. However, the sound was too low in some of the videos. And accurate subtitles would have been helpful. The teachers were enthusiastic and I loved the interviews with field professionals.
A good informative course giving a comprehensive overview of International Security Management. Ideal for beginners in this subject area.
Some guests where very
hard to follow because of their [bad] English pronunciation.
The course is really good and covers the aspects necessary to guide security and risk advisors. Nevertheless, it needs coherence between the weeks. Some weeks have excercises, articles, even recommended books while others lack a lot of information and support material, especially the fourth week about serious organized crime. The sixth and seventh weeks are extremely complete and useful.
The course is very good overall, but sometimes it felt repetitive and I wished that they would go deeper into the analysis of concepts.
Interesting with very good topics in the security field. Would be more interactive if the subtitles were embeded in the actual video.
Insightful! It examines a wide cross sector of the security industry with focus on current and future challenges.
Lots of content, minimal opportunity to test knowledge attained.
Structured well and very informative sessions. Well done all.
This is a course I will definitely recommend for all level of persons interested in security management. This course gives you a very good introduction to security management on different fronts and this I found very interesting. The explanation of safety, security smart cities, organised crime etc. are some of the highlights to look out for.
This was an invaluable and comprehensive introduction to the area of international security management. Quality content, well-structured and informative.
Thank you very much for all of the instructors. It gives me a wider and more holistic overview to understand about security management in the international framework.
I t was really good experience to know the broad perspective of international security management and its content provides indepth
Its a good course for Security Professionals to enhance their skills, good topics covered and full of knowledge.
This is a very deep and insightful course.The facilitators all did a very good job.
this course has been given me a very good introduction towards  Security management on deferent security front and very interesting explanation by the all tutors about Safety, security, organized crimes and making of Policies to stop the crime in the society an public private sectors with full of knowledge. wonderful.
As a mid level policy maker and practitioner in the foreign ministry of  developing country, I feel equipped and more competent to negotiate security agreements. I will be transferring to defense policy formulation and I have more confidence going to discharge of my new duties.
It has been really interesting and well explained by high experts in the sector. Furthermore, this course provides an excellent focus on the different fields where Security is important and it allowed me to widen my knowledge about this amazing issue.
A very informative with wide range of topics covered and with necessary related case studies helps us to understand the topic in a practical manner
The course was excellent, it had covered all the relevant topics pertainig to Security Profession
Was perfect course with value information , Thank you so much
Really well done and very easy to understand and followed
A lot to learn and correlate when associated with an MNC
I need my certificate. How can I print my certificate
Very useful information, I recommend this course.
Very comprehensive and brief content
a very well designed security course
Professional Learning
AMAZING COURSE AS IT HAS HELP ME TO HAVE A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF SECURITY IN AN INTERNATIONAL FRAMEWORK AS WELL AS I ACQUIRE A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF ILLICIT TRADE, TERRORISM AND SERIOUS ORGANIZED CRIME, THE TRIPLE I AND THE SECURITY MANAGEMENT
It was a really great course. For a single course, it tackled multiple problems, issues, while introducing multiple theories, practices, and ideas. I felt that I understood a lot about international security.
Quite interesting I must admit, eye-opener of a course it was, giving insights to the many facets of security as it effects the day to day concerns of ordinary citizens.I can't wait for the advanced course!
Excellent primer course on international security management! This challenges your ideas of safety and gives you an inside look as to how security is maintained, discussed and developed.
An absolutely brilliant MOOC. I learned not only a new concept of Security Studies on an international scope but got a great experience out of it. Thoroughly enjoyed the classes.
Really informative.  This course provides information which takes your thought process in a total different direction. I see security and safety with greater respect in view.
Great opportunity to learn new insights and perspectives in these trying and changing times. Thank you for the opportunity and learnings shared. More power to all!
This is really interesting course. I would like to advise everyone who is interesting to learn what is security, safety, and international security management.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course and learnt a lot, even with previous experience within the security industry. Highly recommended. David Cook
I have learned more about security management. I gained more knowledge about leadership when it comes to security and safety matter.
Great Course!! Highly recommend for novice and practitioners alike.  Thank you for putting this together. Well done, very well done.
International Security Management Course is a very knowledgeable course for those who work in Security & Safety field.
Awesome course, it gives a taste of very important concepts of safety and security in an international level.
I have learnt a lot about International Security Management that makes me eyes wide open. Remarkable Course!!
would recommend this program to anyone who want to develop their skills in security tecniques
Fantastic knowledgeable course learnt many things new as per my knowledge before course
I have learned many things with regard to International Security Management...
Clear, up-to-date and educational. My thanks to the teachers of this course
This is a good, high level course useful to give a perspective on security.
I very good course to know about international Security Management
Very swift,knowledgeable and advanced skills towards security
Just brilliant. Learnt a lot and can only recommend!
the course was a great experience and i loved it
I learned a lot from this MOOC
Great course! Very complete
Awesomeness 😎😁
This cou
