Very good intro. More hands-on exercices would be nice.
Excellent course. I learned a lot about sustainability. Good introduction to the field. May i recommend that you provide additional resourceslist of abbreviations used in the courselist of vocabulary usedLinks to the textbook Feedback on quizzes needs to be improved. Correct incorrect is limitedWelcome to keep in touch. I am interested in sustainability in accounting reportingChristopher GilbertMAS CPA CGMA Accounting instructorgilberc@laccd.edu
Thank you for having organized the course. I have learnt new perspectives on finance and management. I would haved liked more insight on bonds, but that is something I can complete my own.
Very good course for laying a foundation in sustainable finance. I think this course should be offered in more depth and detail as part of a specialization!
I love this course, it change my perspective and in some way energize my spirit to act on change to sustainable way
Very useful course. Great speakers. Well organized. I would like more material.
this course has brought me insights in the opportortunity of Finance
I was always passionate about climate change and sustainability and this course made me feel empowered as a finance professional how I can create an impact on the long-term value creation in the economy. I got to know some really cool case studies. This course broadened my knowledge and view point about the climate crisis and sustainable finance. I really enjoyed this course to this extent that I have finished it in less than 2 weeks. I had read the term 'sustainable finance' somewhere and through this course I got to know it. All the instructors were also good.
As someone who does not have a deep understanding about Corporate Finance but with technical knowledge and skills primarily on environmental sustainability, this course helped me understand easily how finance could be an enabler for achieving sustainability in all aspects - environment, social and governance. The concepts were easy to understand and examples provided are very practical. Good course for sustainability starters!
Most happy to learn more about the topics shown. It creates a more open view for a manager how to adapt your organization and how all will give support to the goals to achieve globally. Also the risk a company can have if it will not adapt within time. Beside it will take time to adapt as the way of thinking within the company is not standard yet.
A course that inspire the financial sector to adopt Integrated Thinking into business decisions and capital allocation. It helped me to change my mindset on many aspects. After the course I am fully committed to incorporate ESG thinking in my private and professional life.
A very well structured and informative SF course. It gave me a thorough understanding of principles that you rarely touch upon working in Financial Services industry. Thanks to all who have created and designed such a good curriculum and course.
Very well-made and comprehensive course that combines academic expertise and industry perspectives! :) Will definitely recommend to anyone seeking to learn about how the financial industry can play a huge role in sustainability.
One of the most interesting and engaging short courses I have done recently. Practical and informative but most of all a tool to equip oneself to be a more sustainable citizen, investor and consumer. Highly recommended.
Every MOOC has the most relevant information, concise and have given very clear knowledge about all the principles of Sustainability . It was very Informative Course and there is an urgent need of Integrative thinking.
This course gave me the high level view on how concept on Finance and Sustainability are linked, and at the same time gave me the opportunity to deep dive on some aspects that I believe will relate to my career
Excellent course and instructors, very straightforward and designed in such a way that you dont realize you are doing a course, it seems you are watching a documental. Thanks to the Erasmus University team !
This is an excellent course, I will keep revisiting the course material to revise the topics. Very indepth knowledge given and aids well to make a transition into a sustainable finance professional role.
Really good course, I enjoyed it a lot. This course helps to understand how finance can help the society and to have awareness about the problems and opportunities caused by climate change.
Relevant, topical and urgent subjects with clear explanations and concrete guidelines. Easy and at your own pace to go through with critical (mini) tests to complete modules.
It's a very good course to help me getting an overview of the sustainable financial principle. I have already started thinking how to apply the learnings to my current job.
I enjoyed the course, it taught me a lot and I have the tools to implement sustainable finance in my organisation.  I will access the book to learn more.  Thanks
This course has exposed me to the principles for sustainable finance. I am glad that I will utilise the knowledge in my research, policy and advocacy work.
This course is a good overview of SDGs, ESG, and Integrated value instead of just financial value for companies/ investees/ finance responsibles.
Great initial approach to sustainable finance. Specially interesting on the role of the financial sector of the economy as a motor for change
Very insightful course! The course offers practical examples and useful insights from the different views of investors and companies.
Thank you for including this course, I thoroughly enjoyed learning from from all professors and contributors especially Prof. Dirk.
Very engaging way to introduce sustainability topic to finance. Well structured, easy to understand, in short very enjoyable!
Very interesting and clear!  It's important to focus  attention in susitainable finance. Future is right now. Thank you!
Many thanks for this course. It helped me to refresh my views on Finance and to take care of our Environment.
Its definitely a comprehensive course for people like me who haven't had formal education in Sustainability!
A very interesting MOOC with a lot of insights about ESG and the financial market!! I really liked it!!
I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the course given that it's free. I recommend it highly.
This course gives me a new insight on how finance can contribute to sustainable business
Great introduction to sustainability and how it is impacting the way of doing business.
Good overview that covers a variety of subjects within the broader topic.
Amazing lecturers and concise and easily to digest information
It helped me building my story as a banker with Rabobank.
Excellent - very good deep dive into this actual topic!
very interesting. amazing!!! especially, case studies.
great insights and information. very well packaged
Too much interesting  and applicable course
Very interesting nd thought provoking.
" Insightful and well lead" Thank you
Good intro to sustainable finance.
I found this course wonderful
