At first i liked it, but when i began to study, it was difficult because there are soo jumps in the explanations. Futhermore, coursera claimt another month, i very discontented
The course is too general and by itself is insufficient to cover a solid anatomical basis.
i had 3 issues with this course :1- the instructor's way of teaching is kinda boring.2-the MCQs do not match with the instructor's video3-cadivers are really ill defined4-subtitles had many fatal mistakes and weren't reviewed and change when reported
This course would benefit from a competent instructional design professional.  Pedagogically, this is a course that simply lists anatomical parts.  There is no synthesis of information which would help the student truly understand and retain knowledge of anatomy.  The lectures often don't match the tests and are clearly not in the order they were made.the visuals are not very helpful, since the cadaveric images lack detail and contrast to truly be educational.  The video lectures either should be done by professional actors or lecturers that are engaging and aware of camera angles (showing bones which are invisible at the given angle and then testing on it is poor pedagogical practice).Overall, the information is presented in often too detailed or insufficiently detailed fashion, which leaves one with more questions than answers.
I am a very visual learner and I had a lot of trouble following along with everything and accurately labeling. Especially during the bone section it would be better to have diagrams rather than pointing to a bone. All the diagrams used were from a real cadaver which was interesting to see however, since there were so many things it was hard to distinguish completely and it would have been perfect if there was also a drawn example to compare it too; it would also have helped for the students so they can easily draw it. Finally, every section was well organized but I think having the overall view and placement in the body would've helped to fully process all the information.
So much pathological things,  I think is not appropriate of normal anatomy course!
1- there are some questions in the quizzes that aren't mentioned in the lectures.2- i don't know if there are recommended textbooks or not.
Super fast for a beginner, but plenty of information provided for an excellent overview.  LOVED Kathleen Alsup!
It is very thorough in terms of what is covered. However, there are minor inconsistencies with what is covered and what is on the quizzes. The remedy to this is to just look up things yourself, but detracts from strict note taking. Otherwise, the course is great!
Excellent content and proposal. The only criticism that, in my view, is due to the didactics regarding the direction of the classes. They could be more direct, as is the case in the Harvard neuroscience course.
Enjoyable, thorough, well presented. Could have been clearer slides at times, and also some questions on exams didn't seem covered in previous lectures, but overall very good, helpful course. Thank you!
I liked the course a lot, it’s very informative and interesting, but you must be willing to take some time out of your day to do it. It can get difficult at times, but I learned a lot from this course.
Great course, lots of information!  While the professor was extremely knowledgeable, the course did get a little tedious with all of the pure memorization.
Very good course. The only critic is to the images of the muscular system and some questions in te exams that were not in the lectures.
I loved it. Very useful for everyone interested in knowing better about the amazing human machine in terms of muscles and bones!
It is quite efficient course that will help learners to learn new things and be active in professional fields.
It seems to be beneficial  for the beginners on the study about anatomy
it was interesting but a bit too long and hard to remember .thank you
Needs to focus more on the athletic injuries and how to avoid them...
i hope if there an interactive quiz or live online exam
Loved it! It's a good refresher on learnt Anatomy.
Very good introduction to skeletal systemand skin.
Great intro to Anatomy for pre-med students
A good way to start the anatomical voyage.
Its an entry level course, but its actually very well created and organized. I liked it very much. Im on medical school and enrolled to refresh my memory and it helped a lot
I thoroughly appreciate the class being presented with a high level of technical professionalism. I thought the professor was excellent, and I look forward to continuing my studies.
I am so thankful for this course, it was to the point and well informed.
Well compiled course for understanding the topics as well as enabling the readers to make contribution.
Excellent class! Great coverage of important material, clear presentations and images and fair quizzes. It would be nice to have PDF downloads of the presentation slides.
The instructor was very good and gave very organized lectures. The slides and visuals were very helpful in understanding exactly what the instructor was talking about.
Professor Alsup is an amazing anatomy professor. She is charismatic and very knowledgable. Almost at no point at any time was my attention away from the content. Well done! Great job UMICH!
Very interesting topic, and the explanations are very clear. I missed some more advanced graphics for some lessons, not just the body
Great course for those just starting anatomy study or wanting to review basics learned in college.
the level of this course was more scientific than cousrse i had taken it in my university
very informative and thorough. Great info provided.
Great explanations, useful graphics, great teacher.
great refresher course. very clear language.
Assalaamu Alikum:) I had a very good experience of this course. Dr.kathleen Alain is an amazing lecturer Maa Shaa Allah. Thank you so much for the certificate Inn Shaa Allah it will surely help me alot in future.
Excellent course, great to learn basic and intermediate knowledge about muscular, skeletal and integumentary systems, the videos are very well explained, quizzes are comprehensive, overall a great experience.
it is a really good course, maybe the onl thing that could make it better would be a better explanation of ligaments, and a couple of videos with the movements of each muscle,
It is  such a great revision of musculoskeletal system and i like the way doctor give the lectures. I am really grateful because i learned a lot. THANKS
I am not regret my enrollment to this specialization course, because I was not suspect this amount of knowledge that I got after.
excellent course with a perfect instructor
The content is vvery well delivered.
Great review course.
Incredibly informative. I'm a high school graduate with no further education on record beyond that and I found the layout of this course perfect for comprehension, as long as you're willing to put in the time and be at least a little dedicated. Definitely take this course if interested - having interest helps with comprehension and retention of the information. I also highly recommend the use of note-taking. Thoroughly enjoyed this, thank you :)
I thought this course was excellent. I'm a personal training and took this course with the goal of reinforcing and building upon my current knowledge of the musculoskeletal system. I loved the multi module and exam format. It really provided the structure needed to make daily progress. The video lectures were very well done by lecturer Kathleen Alsup. Highly recommend.
I would definitely recommend this course to a friend interested in anatomy. I'm a High School freshman taking AP classes and in sports and I had time for this course, if you are worried about time consumption. This course was very informative! I suggest taking physical notes in a notebook or journal and drawing pictures with labels, they are good to look back on later.
This course helped me to understand Anatomy more clearly. The study materials & specially the exams were truly so effective & helpful for me. I loved the way MS. Kathleen Alsup taught in the  videos. Thank you so much Ma'm. Also I am very much thankful to University Of Michigan & Coursera for giving us this great opportunity to learn things more effectively.
This is a very information and comprehensive course. The flow of the information was well presented and the visuals are very helpful. The lecturer was excellent in descriptions, I found her very easy to follow. I feel that I have a much better understanding of the skeletal, muscular, and integumentary systems following this course.
Great overview course! Musculo-skeletal anatomy. as presented in my medical school, seemed somewhat daunting, but this course broke it down very well and offered wonderful clinical insights. Yes, there is more detail to cover for a more profound understanding, but this course really covers all the most important areas very well!
Thank you so much for taking the time to record and upload all of these lecture videos! I knew a little about anatomy before I started but I enjoyed going into so much detail and cannot wait to further my knowledge. For the first time in a long time, I actually liked doing my work and learning. Thank you.
Absolutely fantastic instruction, even moron like me, was able to grasp that in couple of days!I am sure that I will use that course resources over and over again, as the lecture is made for human, using the language accessible by everyone! Have no words to thank you!
Amazing explanations and correlations with everyday life that help in understanding the concepts a lot better. Also like the clinical consideration portion of the videos. thanks to the lecturers for taking the time to compose such well elaborated informative videos
This was a great course! The instructional videos by the professor were perfect! They were, n average, pretty short and easy to comprehend and take notes on. The quizzes definitely helped me apply the information I learned from the instructional videos.
This course is really good, for all those who would like to understand and know anatomy, and especially for those medical students, who would like to remind themselves all of the main concepts and refresh their knowledge on the subject.
5 stars Course, Kathleen is a great teacher, the production quality of the course is amazing in terms of image, audio, materials, it really makes you feel connected and engaged as if you were in a classroom. I learned a lot, Thank you.
I am so thoroughly pleased by this course, the extensive information was a bit more than what I anticipated but it is so well worth it! I am so glad that I decided to take this course and I am excited for what is coming next.
Very informative course. Even though I'm not from a medical background I particularly enjoyed the teaching method. Prof Kathleen Alsup is very enthusiastic and that kept me going through the course. Definitely recommend!
This course expand my knowledge on the musculoskeletal and Integumentary systems. The professor was very effective in explaining the contents of the topics and the assessment was very much relevant to the content.
Get ready to learn! It's been years since i'v taken anatomy so this was a great refresher. But don't think that you won't be challenged. There was so much more information that I learned. This course is a must!!
I did not think that I would be so enthusiastic about the course. I am glad that there is an opportunity to get knowledge from the best! Many thanks to the teacher and the whole team for preparing this course!
I really like this course. Consider that it is very complete, although it would be very good to have a bank of images of the course or where we could obtain them? but in general, I really liked it. Thank you
The course was very helpful in recalling the basics of anatomy as it is so important being a medical student. The video illustrations on cadaver images and quiz all was very well compiled and elaborative.
Very thorough and yet concise explanation of anatomy basics, including bones, joints, muscles overview, and skin. By far the best health course I have ever taken on this platform. I really enjoyed it!
A great course! Clear explanation and lots of graphics and pictures that helped the understanding. I don't have a strong anatomy background and I found the course easy to follow. Thank you!
i was being able to learn and strengthen my knowledge about basic anatomy through this course i am really grateful to the authority for giving such an opportunity to us for learn
This course is dificult for me. Many medical terminology, so I studied and listened many times to do quiz. Finally, im happy to finish this course. Thank you so much.
Very hard, but also really interesting. I didn't know anything about anatomy and I have adquired so much knowledge at the end of this course. Thanks!
Excellent course! It is the course where you can clear your basics of anatomy. Course also contains labeling quizes, which I found interesting.
Thank you for this wonderful cource,I have learned beautiful things about anatomy that will help me to understand how the human body works
Thank you so much I have learned a lot from this course, and I really appreciate Dr. B Kathleen Alsup, Ph. D. For the excellen  teaching.
very summarised and understandable videos that really improved me solidifying the knowledge I had to study and my understanding thereof.
Excellent! I am very please, I took this class with Dr. Alsup. She was very easy to understand and covered the material very throughly.
I think this was a good course because it has taught me more about Anatomy and it improved my skills of getting a job in this career.
In my oppinion this is a good course where you can learn watching some pictures like dissections and illustration animations.
Professor Alsup organized the material in a way that  was easy to follow and understand.  I highly recommend this course.
This course is really useful and quite easy to understand. I'm just starting my school in nursing and this really helps.
Really good MOOC, but is a lot of material, if you decide to take it be ready to dedicate more hours than other courses.
Thanks a lot It was a very interesting course. I have learned many things that will help me during my medical career.
Very fine course, illustrative and comprehensive information. Exceptional audiovisual material to enhance learning.
Great course on anatomy. The quizes helped in getting familiar with the different joints and systems of the body
It was a well-paced course. The requirements and assessments were not as overwhelming as I thought it would be.
I loved everything about this course. It would be great to have links to further references etc. included.
Excellent for rehersal and learn basic anatomy! With a lot of examples and short videos, simplily love it
uuseless course they r not giving me certificate after completing the full course 20hr course this is
It was a really great course!  I learned so much from it!  I would definitely recommend it to others.
Good morning  madam... its excellent session,  thank you very much for  providing this opportunity..
A great course for those who are seeking for a good start in learning the musculoskeletal anatomy.
It was really well explained and I recommend it to anyone who wants to start studying Anatomy. :)
The best course I have taken in my life, the teachers of the Michigan university are very good.
I really learned in this course, the professor gave a lot of ways of how to learn anatomy parts
A solid foundation with a good balance of depth and overview. If nothing else, I learned a lot.
Wonderful start to the anatomy specialization! I'm looking forward to the rest of the courses.
It was a very great experience to refresh a lot and it was dealt in detail and very patiently
Thank you very much for this educational course! It was fun, see you in following courses...
Articulate and very inormative. As much as it was intense, I am glad i was able to keep up.
Very useful, interesting and intense course. With its help, I revised my Anatomy knowledge.
Very clear and knowledgeable instructor. Good quizzes. Good image material from autopsies.
Thanks Mam , It is very helpful and knowledgeful for us. mam please give me certificate.
Many thanks for this awesome lectures , very excited for the next courses in this series
Great MOOC. Not by any means a comprehensive course on Anatomy, but a great refresher.
Well explained and labelled Pictures, very good pace of speech, clear voice and words.
Very informative, I have learnt a lot on this course. Well taught and easy to follow.
it was a very educational and interesting course. learnt a lot. very time convenient
Overall, very well done. I enjoyed the labeling quizzes and clinical considerations.
Useful and interesting course for everyone, who is interested in biology and sports!
learnt a lot amazing class broadly increases the knowledge in a simple waythank u
Thank you Dr.Alsup. great lecturers .Very well organized and informative content.
very informative and special to medical students which study in 1st or 2nd year
Very clear and easy to understand the anatomy without any medecine background.
I will really inform and invite my friends (students) to join and enjoy as I
Dr. Kathleen's course was exceptional and everything she taught was clear.
Great course for really understand the musculoskeletal system. Loved it !
Excellent course content, wishing more clinical application can be added.
The lecture was very clear and understanding... Thank you Kathleen mam..
though it is hard for me to understand clearly but I think it's worth :D
I really loved the course, but i would like that it includes subtitles
Brilliant course, very informative, interesting and all encompassing
Thank you very much for this course! It was interesting and useful!
Wonderful instructor!!!!!!!! The quizzes were also very helpful :)
Exceptional! I learned a great deal and can't wait to learn more.
I am trying to unenroll but not able. Will take at a later date.
the course is very useful and the teacher is very professional
Very understandable even for not a native speaker. Thank you!
really amazing course and it benefits me as a physiotherapist
Excellent course. would reccommend all medical enthusiasts!!
It's an awesome course to improve your knowledge in anatomy
I really love this course in terms of teaching and content.
Easy explanations. I refreshed definitively my knowledge.
This course is the best course for understanding anatomy.
I had a great experience acquired throughout the course!
Excellent course foe medical students or health subject.
Very good for beginners, It is what you need and more.
outstanding course. I learned a lot from this course.
Totally enjoyable, well-paced, great level of detail!
Professor was clear, concise, engaging and pragmatic!
This course is very interesting , I really enjoyed.
Amazing course, I've learned more than in school.
thank you it so a lot of new information to me .
Great content and a very knowledgeable lecturer.
very nicely teached, now i understood very well
In my opinion, this course was amazing! 10/10
Best course of anatomy that I have ever seen.
Explanations are dense but clear. Thumbs up.
Short and simple and so easy to understand
Very interessant! Congratulations for this
Excellent & exciting learning experience!
Very clearly presented. I learned a lot!
Very well organized course. thank you.
very happy to  be part  of this course
This Course is helpful for a beginner.
Very, very thorough, great teaching!
THIS IS VERY GOOD PLATFORM TO LEARN.
Thanks a lot for the amazing course
awesome course. i love the anatomy!
Great course and great instructors
Very informative and interesting!!
Love to learn and so nice teacher
Thank you for everything ❤️❤️👌👌
simple and transparent thank you
Amazing course highly recommend!
I loved this course very much.
Tough course, but really good!
Very very interesting course.
Very Good and complete curse.
It very interested coursere..
Good content, Happy to learn.
Excellent, im very greatfull
I'm excited!!! I loved it!!
very nice! i learned a lot
wonderful presentaion.....
Great! Difficult but fun.
Amazing, I really liked!
The BEST anatomy course!
Exceed my expectations!
This Course is helpful
its my good experience
One world, excellent
it was really good!
It is Great!!!
