There were quite some technical issues with sound but equally slides that were very difficult to read. Though the information was clearly presented, the level of depth was a bit disappointing. The use of more live cases could have brought more dynamic to the course. As this is an area in which I work, I think that I did not benefit as much as I would have expected. As a European citizen, I was wondering if a US institution could really provide sufficient background given its administration's stance and skepticism on environmental and social issues. Of course, this institution cannot be held accountable for that.
Content is fantastic. But I am not fully satisfied with all of the instructors. The basic problem that I have felt that while delivering theoretical lectures, the session should be more interactive, there should be clear real life examples and more lively environment so that a learner never feels bored for even a moment. It was a bit horrible experience about the performance of the University of Michigan, sorry to say.
Extremely lengthy course...but overall the information was beneficial.
Some of the courses were a little vaguer than I expected and the video quality and preparation could have been better for certain professors - also the translation is not totally accurate so you have be conscious when reading the transcripts. Overall this is a good introduction to sustainability and development.
Good course . The SDG's are must learn for every person. It teaches you to think beyond the usual and act more sensitively towards the development of the society.
Evaluation exams needs to be more competitive and use of different questions when person opt for retest.
Simple concepts. Loved the last lecture - with examples on co-benefits. Could improve on sound quality.
This course is very benefical , simple and easy to understand .
good course to understand the situation towards sustainabilty
Helpful for anyone wanting to learn more about the SDGs.
Its a unbelieveable journey.
This course is extremely insightful, although my career has primarily focused on wellbeing for the past 5 years, I now more than ever see the importance of knowledge pertaining to sustainability and to Development. If you want to get some vital information on the systems and operations of creating successful sustainability initiatives and the planning of development programs this course will steer you in the right direction. It is relevant and up to date.
This is a very relevant & informative course which helps us to understand sustainability and development beyond the SDGs as suggested by the name itself. I would highly recommend this course for all the sustainability enthusiasts.  The teaching is very versatile and highly updated which gives a very clear picture of the current situation of our planet.
This course was incredibly helpful for understanding sustainability. The lectures was extraordinary good and useful, on a very well described pattern. I learned a lot and suggest it to anyone interested or works in the field of sustainability. I appreciate the contribution of the professors at University of Michigan.
A brilliant expose (should I say) on the subject of sustainability and development. Learned a lot. I appreciate most of all the efforts of the Professors, Associate Professors, and other academic staff for pulling this together. Now I have an advantage because of you all. Cheers
A highly informative course. Truly enjoyed taking it and learned an enormous amount.  I look forward to taking more courses on the subject. Highly recommend the course for anyone who is interested in sustainability and development.
This course is insightful and eye-opening. I certainly found it useful and would not hesitate to recommend anyone with interest in sustainability or development to attend.
Excellent course for everybody!! You can gain great knowledge about SDGs and modern day world's real problems and how to face them globally. Cheers!!!!
Very nice and informative course with various examples with research from around the world. Thank you University of Michigan for the course.
The concept of beyond the sustainable development goals helped me to learn the importance of environment and factors effecting environment.
A well designed course on sustainable, environment and the future. Highly recommended and thank you the Michigan University and the Team.
Excellent Course, This course help to successful implementation of SDG. Addressing Sustainability and Development for livelihood.
I loved the cases and examples  they give through each module. They really give consice and non-bias information which is really useful for both beginners and intermediates in the area. The teachers explain in detail and outlighting the importance of doing something as well as redefining the sustainable development concept, in order to encourage a more complete view.
Really great course to help explain the benefits and the meaning of the 17 SDGs of the UN. I would like to thank Symbiosis School of Economics for giving me the opportunity to study this course and the University of Michigan for introducing this course to increase awareness about the 17 SDGs.
This course is really great! It could increase our concern about this world, I hope you can enjoy your time while learning this course. After that, let's make our move to support the SDGs program
Excellent. Got a broad view on implementation part. if possible start a course on Methodology to assess SDG indicators.
This is one of the most important courses that help improve and nourish individuals......I have learned a lot from it.
I Loved this course, it was exactly what I was looking for in terms of content and the work load was perfect for me!
Short and insightful course. Expertise was delivered by a variety of faculty and researchers.
It is an excellent course and highly informative and effective for the sustainability studies
It is a very useful course for those interested in understanding what Sustainability means.
A clear overview of the current knowledge of sustainability science and how it is applied.
The course is very useful to me, I learn concepts of SDGs ,esp Goal 1,5,10,14,15
That course was really effective for me as a student of Development Studies
A valuable coarse content regarding the sustainable development goals.
It is really helpful for me as it helped me to understand better
Very informative and flexible to accommodate my schedule.
A perfect course to start in this world of knowledge.
This course was very enjoyable to learn.
That's an amazing course I have done
Very informative , Thank you.
good and intesting
Basics of society
Course Great!!!!
thank you.
