This is a deep spiritual topic but its addressed in a cavalier fashion. There is just no depth. For eg, to find out what you value most, the Prof / instructor asks one to look at what one has on his / her smartphone ! Really ?!  I discontinued very early into Week 1...Disappointing.
Good day,I signed up for this course but I don't find it academic enough and the lectures are superficial - in my view - brushing over Nietzsche, Camus and some other great philosophers, authors and thinkers.I am not going to carry on with this course.
It is disappointing that this class cannot be completed without a paid enrollment. I've completed other Coursera courses and all parts of the curriculum are active for unpaid class members as well, but for some reason this course requires paid enrollment to take the quizzes at the end of each week. Not worth it.
The instructor spends too much time promoting his own app, which is apparently not free after a 30-day trial. I don't this is appropriate for Coursera.
I didn't feel the content was very relevant or helpful in finding one's own purpose or meaning.  The course focused mainly on history, data/statistics, and the "what" and "why."  It explained why it's important and how having purpose affects people, but it didn't really go into how to actually find your purpose.  Perhaps my expectations were different from what the course is offering.
This is, already, really prozaic. Really not what I had hoped for!!!
A good course if you know nothing about the topic. Almost a complete waste if you've read any serious book about it.
Great but have some limitations.
The course for me remembers a TED-talk, not a course itself...For those who never had contact with basic philosophy or never reflect about life, it might be a nice start to know a little. But on a superficial level. Also, it might be suitable for the ones who want a "self-help" content. The lectures are nice and instructive. There are somethings I do not like that made me un-enroll:First of all,  I know by the title the course is to help you to find a life purpose. However, I thought the course would also help you assist those that do not have a purpose, are lost, fragile, and do not know where to start. Somehow helping guide people that are in a hard situation and that would not be suitable to watch a "self-help" lecture. As it is a certified course ... It does not do that. And I believe that some people who enroll in searching for self-help might not get the help they expect as it does not address topics related to specifically insecurities.Second of all, the first survey asked questions as ZIP code and information that make me feel uncomfortable. It felt for me it was a product research (commercial) rater a survey to understand the profile of learners engage the course as other Coursera courses does. Finally, the instructor spends too much time promoting his own app. To conclude, I don't think is a course that you should purchase a certificate or apply for thinking about developing on your job/career. You should enroll only if you feel like you are lost on your life, without directs and in urge for simple self-help.
I believe this was a very meaningful course. I liked how there were many anecdotes and stories. I would have liked if it had more hands-on or more engaging activities, but overall I did enjoy it.
Good introductory course with some practical ideas on how to build a stronger sense of purpose in life.
High quality course, good mix of research evidence and cultural references. But overall it didn't help me to articulate or FIND purpose, it just described why it's a good idea to have one. So to the extent that it assumed one already knows what matters most, it failed to live up to the title.
This course can give you interesting anecdotes and research about the importance of having a purpose in life, but I think it doesn't actually help much towards creating or finding your own purpose.
Focus on the Importance of Purpose, not How to Find YoursGreat visuals, great videos.  All in all worth $49 and be aware: 1) this is the Cliffs Notes version of the search for purpose: you get the Nietzsche quotes but you don't study the texts; 2) the class focuses on the importance of purpose.  But finding one's purpose isn't so straightforward. There wasn't enough time on that.  I enjoyed the class.
Great course. I just wish the course covered more topics on how to find your purpose in the career/work domain. Many people are struggling to find meaningful careers in their lives.
Good overall. There is a lot of fatphobia and misinformation about diets and dieting in it though.
Absolutely wonderful course which is in keeping with the stressful times and also for long term peaceful living beyond now. The lectures were insightful and the suggested practices easy and effective to do. I enjoyed the full course.
Great perspective about purpose. It is the most complete course i've seen about it. It doesn't only tells you the questions to identify your purpose, but shows the history behind the meaning of purpose.
Great course in framing why having the right set of goals and purposes can impact the quality of your life and lead to more fulfilled and happier life.
Excellent course materials.  Strecher presents extremely well; his referencing and reading lists are excellent. He is, however, extremely verbose.
good and fun course, focusing on life and finding the purpose, you should take it if you are looking to focus more on your life and goals.
A great course about what is purpose? How to find your purpose..and Why is it important to have a right purpose.
Very helpful in reinforcing some of decisions that I have already made regarding my purpose in life
a beautiful course that aims in providing us purpose and aims in our livesmust attend.
Excellent... This course will change your mind and attitude towards life.
Really helpful to get your bearings and lots of interesting material.
A very helpful and meaningful course helping to decide aims in life.
It's very easy to understand tq so much to the opportunity to mee
a really sourcefull , knowledgeable , purposefull course
very interesting course hope I benefit from it in future
I wrote my review in the survey.
This was a great course and I recommend that everyone on Coursera take this course ! This is a lively course with great content that helps you connect with your inner You , the true You . Come , discover purpose because purpose is the vista to discovering your life .
I have love this course. It's been a life-changing experience. Science-based, well explained, it has been a wonderful experience.
Please I need financial aid to get my certificate. I can’t submit my assignment without payment, and I can’t afford the money
Short and precise course to get some perspective on finding focus on things that really matter. Vic is an excellent professor who just connects so well with the students even from the computer screen.
Beautiful, you learn why it's essential to take a moment for yourself, step back, and see the bigger picture! and that's precisely what this course helps you to do!
The best course I've enrolled in on Coursera! I recommend to anyone who wants to know how to live a full, meaningful life and help their loved ones do the same.
Great course! Time commitment worked out very well while working at home during COVID-19 restrictions. This course gave me a starting point and a structured plan in creating a purpose and actually living a life that engages actions needed to fulfill that purpose(s).
I found this course beneficial in focusing my thinking about what is and should be important to me in life.  Taking a self-critical approach to this issue has been difficult but revealing and freeing
This is one of the best courses I have taken. It makes finding 'purpose' accessible in the things one does everyday and not only in the big achievements which may not be in the reach of everyone.
I very highly suggest this course if you seem lost or absent minded in what you really want o see in life.  Why?  Because it explains a lot of why we can choose our own direction and how to achieve our actual purpose!
Well presented and thought provoking. Good examples to illustrate the various concepts. Research findings were also helpful to solidify the concepts. Well done.
I learned a lot from the course.  I was not allowed to submit the assignments because I was just auditing.  The videos were excellent and Prof. Strecher explained the ideas and concepts very well.  I hope I can embody the ideas from this course in my thoughts and actions and start living a purposeful life.  Two suggestions:  1) Assignments may have to be made a little more challenging, and 2) You may want to explore the possibility of supplementing online course completion with the opportunity to the participants to attend a short residential in-person session led by Prof. Strecher.
This course is great. In the first two weeks I was forced to think deeply about my own value and purpose. Then I realized the importance of purpose and how having these purpose can change one's life through scientific research. He also taught some practical methods for specifying "be" goals, "do" goals and "action goals", and how they work together. It brought me deep confusion about myself at first but made a wiser person.
Thank you so much for the opportunity to take this course! This is a core knowledge that needs to be thought in high school! I really appreciate the dedication of the professor! Great Job and Great Purpose!
Excellent course. It certainly have guided me to find my own purpose and meaning in life.  Dr Strecher is a great teacher.
a very emotional cours i like it so mush .thank you docteur
This course is on the theoretical side. If you are looking for someone to hold your hand while guiding you through the process of defining your life purpose, you would be better served in an in-person workshop. But if you are, like me, interested in the theories and philosophies underpinning our existential search for purpose and meaning in life, then you will be very satisfied by the depth and breadth of what is covered in this course. Professor Strecher speaks from the heart and you can feel his passion for the subject and compassion for his students. I think it will be a great privilege to learn from him in person someday.
The course was very approachable and helped me to further refine my thinking, especially in the area of purposeful living. I especially enjoyed two things: 1) the course managed to stay technical (philosophically & scientifically) enough to be relevant and interesting, and 2) the course presented solid, well thought out methodology or model to be used as a template for establishing or maintaining purposeful living. It is my pleasure to recommend this course - I feel there's a point of view to be gained at least for beginners and intermediate purpose-thinkers. :)
Thank you for an approachable, organized, and thoughtful survey on this topic.  I was engaged during the sessions and thinking about the material offline.  I hope to explore more of the reading following the course and give some personal reflection time to a deeper dive on the topic.  I hope to use it personally and professionally in the months and years ahead.  If you ever offer a sequel on the topic going deeper into the science, philosophy and application, I would be interested to sign up.  Well done, I am truly grateful, thank you.
Amazing course! It gets you insights about how to live your life. I get a deep understanding of how to adjust life goals which is a complicated thing for the majority. I became more excited about the current phase I live which is the phase of exploring all life aspects and I figured that this is what I want deeply; heart and soul. It is one of the best chances to enrol in this beautiful, sightful and encouraging course. Thanks a lot and wish you a happy, meaningful and purposeful life :)
Excellent. Really helped me to understand purpose and help me establish one for my life. I had been trying to hard before to establish a purpose. Vic Strecher was superb in guiding participants through understanding how important and necessary purpose is to quality of life and how easy it is to define what truly matters to you. I also signed up for Purposeful and have enjoyed the email reminders; they've helped me stay on track. Thank you, thank you, thank you, for this course.
This has been one of the most rewarding learning experiences that I have gone through in a while. It is well organised, logical and very well put together. The theory and practical application dove tails very well and I really feel that I have benefitted from completing this course. I will complete any course compiled by Prof Strecher any day. He is a wonderful presenter, his passion shows and his engaging learning style really makes the student feel at ease.
This course is a must take for anyone who is interested in finding the meaning to their own existence, or anyone who is needing guidance in finding their purpose in life. I thought the section about retirement and aging is quite profound.  I'm glad that I already know my purpose before taking this class.  If you don't know your purpose in life, this class will give you that nugget of wisdom you need to think about having your purpose.
I m a hedonic purpose driven person this course helped me take a pause n reflect on my own life and pushed  me to start finding some transcending goals which matter to me.The course is clear , straight forward and well researched and scientifically backed and the instructor has done a tremendous job. During this difficult times this course really helped me self reflect and I will definitely recommend this course to all my friends.
The objective of the course is very human.Our present civilization lacks guidelines for true personal fulfillment. If people were guided from their childhood to make the most of their existence based on what counts most, and outlining goals to achieve personal and collective harmony, the result would be very different from what we have on the planet now.


I thank Professor Strecher, Coursera, and the University of Michigan
After I learned this  course, I feel so proud to myself what I am having right now. Importantly, I want to say thank you very much to the professor who gave an educated to students around the world are participating in part of this course. The best suggestion for who is looking for a self-improvement course. Here is Finding Purpose and Meaning In Life: Living for What Matters Most that your first choice.
Probably one of the best online courses I have ever taken online! I really appreciated his style. I am a visual learner and I loved his visuals incorporated inside the PowerPoints.  Also, I felt that in his lectures he spoke TO me and not AT me. He did a wonderful job with this course and it really made me think about my purpose in life overall. The facts in this course and presentation were excellent!
I have found this course very helpful and motivating. I had origianlly decided to take this course out of curiosity, but very much enjoyed going through it and leaning from it. This course really helps motivate students taking other courses as well, especially during these times when the Covid-19 pandemic has left many of us unable to physically engage in purposeful activities in our own communities.
An excellent course to get some perspective on finding focus on things that really matter in life that conducted in a short and precise way to make students realize what should they do during their life to achieve a purposeful living. With his profesional and personal experience, Mr.Vic is an excellent professor who just connects so well with the students even in online learning method.
First "thank you", this class was an amazing eye
opener in many ways. It truly is the steppingstone or maybe the set-up card to
life. The set-up card is like the course correction to a bad day, week or year.
If we can remember to re-focus and go back to our purpose, I think we could
gain clarity sooner. Unfortunately, it's a simple solution but no always easy
to do.
It was very useful and light course with an exceptionally interesting and smart professor Dr. Victor Stretcher. I learned a lot in this course and I recommend it to everyone who is after knowing the tools to help in making or sustaining their life purpose. I actually would like to recommend it to everyone. It is very useful and the material is insightful.
This course has giving me another perspective of life. The right Purpose helps the individual to defines its own path, but more important is that such Purpose leads to find meaning to life and therefore peace of mind. From that moment on you can say "I do exist, I know how much I value, I'm ready to live life and share to others with meaning.
If you are looking where to head your life try to  make things to have a bit of sense this is a course I highly recomend which is given by someone who you see his realness and willingness. I would really like to thank Prof. Vic Strecher for this greatly told and prepared course. It was told so beautifly that I finished the course in a week.
This course was both didactic and highly inspirational. It helped me identify my purpose and act on it, taking small steps each day. I am happy to have completed it and I will come back, for sure, to go over some of the lessons again. This will remind me of my current purpose and will help me reframe it when time comes.
A great course to have a better understanding ourselves and life. It could be about your family, about your school, about your job, you will find something for you in this course. Every video was like a meditation. I really enjoyed all of the parts. Thanks for Prof. Vic Strecher, I am sure that he is a great man!
What I liked most about the course was that the discussion was simplified into digestible chunks. There was a balance of empirical discussions, practical examples and self-reflection to better learn the topic. I will bring what I learned from this course throughout my life, definitely. Thank you!
Mr. Vic Strecher is a wonderful human being and an inspirational teacher. I was lucky to enroll to this course and benefit from the knowledge, skills and wisdom that was shared. I'm going to live a life of purpose and would encourage others to do so to make this world happier, peaceful and safe.
This course is surely an eye-opener!! There's nothing to lose to learn more about you, moreover about what your life purpose is. It's great if you already feel comfortable and satisfied with your life right now, but finding a purpose about it will make it more worth-living.
While I'm not so interested in finding a purpose as I had mine at a early age, I enjoyed being able to read about it and listen to the stories told. I happy to be able to understand a bit more how scholars approached this topic. It turns out to be quite useful thank you!
This course is excellent. It gives me a clear idea of getting life purpose and meaning. But in the course, the instructor said the strong and low purpose but they do not show how to make the purpose strong. although, I Like the course very much. Thank You for the Course.
This course has everything that every person needs to puts some words to the thing that are most valuable for each of us. I definitely enjoy every video and every explanation because it made me think about so many things I needed but I just couldn't figure it on my own.
I really enjoyed this course. Professor explains everything super inspiringly and calmly. I found the combination of practice and scientific research very interesting. But a look back in history also provided some nice insights. It is highly recommended for everyone!
Absolutely loved this course. I learned a lot and learned how to apply this knowledge to my own life. Professor Stretcher seems like such a kind soul who really loves the subject he's teaching and applies what he teaches to his own life. Highly recommend this course.
I absolutely loved the course. This is truly one of the rarest courses that could change your life for better. I feel that this would be the NORTH STAR for anyone wishing to know how to lead a purposeful and happy life. I feel grateful that this course was made.
Having a purpose in life is an essential responsibility for any one.  With having purpose in life one can experience life to its fullest extent and can lead a healthy and joyful life. The course is well designed and is explained excellently by Vic Strecher.
Did the course during Covid-19 lock-down times! Fantastic Course and a great opportunity for an inner reflection. Things like what you expected people would write on your tombstone and also your life after retirement were very valuable for me!
It delivers what it promises. Unlike I expected, the course has a lot of cientific base and very practical activities. The teacher is the sweetest, wisest being I had the pleasure of getting to know. I feel like I spent my time fantastically.
Professor Stretchor is no doubt the most inspirational teacher who is very easy to relate to, makes you question your goals and life ourpose in the best way. The course itself offered such amazing information that I had no idea I need.
I was having a hard time. The pandemic combined with personal, financial and internal struggles was taking the best out of me. This course helped gain a new direction, or maybe simply recognize the one that has always been there.
This class helped me find purpose and meaning in my life during a difficult time. It's easier to get out of bed knowing I have goals I can work on every day. Overall, I liked how Vic combined science and spirituality.
Life-changing course.  The videos were educational, entertaining and engaging.   They were the right amount of material, explained the right way in a very clear manner.  It will forever change the way I live my life.
This course really helped me a lot on how to Live a Purposeful Life and gave me a lot of lessons which I can really apply in real-life situations! You better enroll to this course now. You will definitely loved it!
This was a very interesting course.  I think it is an important one to take in order to ensure that we are paying attention and putting our attention where we want our lives to go.  I would highly recommend it.
THE BEST COURSE ON COURSERA. THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT A 21ST CENTURY HUMAN BEING NEEDS TO UNDERSTAND, AND TRY TO DEFINE WHAT LIFE IS! MUST ATTEND COURSE IRRESPECTIVE OF ANYTHING...PURPOSE IN LIFE MATTERS MOST!!
I  recommend this course to everyone! it's a lifesaver which solves some problem I always needed an answer. I love this professor. he touching my heart and guide me to find what matters most in my life.
Excellent course, no matter where someone is on their journey of finding purpose in one's life.  Great examples shared, subject matter experts interviewed, and strong connection one can make with Vic.
Very interesting. course. I really enjoyed how purpose was always discussed in many different aspects of life. I also enjoyed how thorough and science-based the discussions  were in this course
This course made me think on definite purpose for my life and to lead to do those tasks needed to pursue that purpose. Great course and special thanks to the course instructor Victor Strecher.
This is first must basic course and should be taken during schooling period or initial age in journey of life and need to revisit at some interval to refine, fine-tune the purpose of the life.
Amazing instructor, in my almost 40 years, I have never been one to "walk into the dance floor"... and Vic definitely made me walk into it not only willingly, but with a smile on my face!
Professor Vic's style of sharing his personal story made a huge impact on me. His references to studies and experiences with his own students made this course very meaningful. Thank You!
I gained so much knowledge on the importance of having a purpose at any time in your life.  I learned about resilience too.  Great compassionate instructor.  Really enjoyed the course.
I really enjoyed this class. I learned quite a bit how having a good purpose in life can serve a person well. This will help me live out the rest of it with much enjoyment. Thank you!
A great way to learn more about yourself, discover what's important and pay attention to the things in life that matters the most. Interesting subject that gives life perspective.
I think this was an incredible experience for redefining and strengthening my life purpose! I highly recommend it to fulfill different domains in life to be happy and successful.
This course was so inspiring! I want to help others to find their purpose in life, because this will lead to a better and happier world! Many thanks, Coursera and Vic Strecher!
Vic strecher is a lovely man. the course was very informative. I wish there was more on this topic, so many people feeling lost in life. Thank you from Argentina, Victor,
Excellent ideas and procedures.I am extremely happy to have been able to be a part of this training.Teachers and participants are great.I am very grateful.Rosemary Pell
The instructor was absolutely amazing!  He brought the material across in an effective, engaging and genuine way and I really enjoyed taking it.  Highly recommended!
Finding Purpose and Meaning in life ; Living for what Matters Most , is very meaning full course which made the sense of how to go about in future life en devours.
Absolutely loved this course! Lead by Vic Strecher in a very personal, honest and compassionate way. It really makes you see what matters in life and what doesn't.
EXCELLENT COURSE. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT. IT HAS CHANGED THE WAY I SEE MY LIFE AND HOW I WANT TO LIVE IT. Sofía Mazza, A Industrial Engineering student, from Perú.
Love this course, you will be asking many questions that help you to know more about yourself and to find your true purpose in life. The professor is excelent!
Great courses, nice examples, a lot of studies and the overall is really interesting. I learned a lot about purpose and will continue to self-reflect about it.
It is one of those rare courses that give direction to someone's life. Vic is an awesome Professor and he has made the journey really a memorable one for me.
Excellent class that would enhance the life of anyone who took it. The professor has a wonderful energy about him and is clearly passionate about the topic.
This is a valuable thought provoking class.  The instructor is effective, passionate and genuine.  There are a variety of activities to keep it interesting.
Victor is a very great Teacher. After taking this course now I have a much better understanding of life and now I have direction as well as clarity in life.
The course is very easy to follow but I guess a more deep investigation about ourselves is needed so that the course have more impact not just informing.
A fun, interesting and important topic for everyone! What made it especially great was the fantastic course instructor whose videos were a joy to watch.
Great teacher, videos, way to teach you and help you craft, modify purpose in life. Practical tools to help you to create habits for a purposeful life.
i think this course is the best course for university student, for younger, for all of age group.  good luck for all student which enroll this course
Excellent instruction and visual aids. If you are interested in learning more about human behavior and finding purpose, this is a wonderful course!
Great course it really made me think about the direction in my life. I am questioning my purpose and looking forward to a new direction in my lfie
Fantastic course! Awesome instructor, really well structured, paced and practical application in what can be a very big personal topic! Thank you.
This course helped me in many ways to get close to my goals and live a better life in many different ways especially in this covid pandemic time.
It was a very mind opening course! We all can learn something from these videos and readings, I really recommend! Thanks for this experience
Many people are lost because of a lack of purpose. This course should be taught in schools to help students find purpose in life and school.
This is a brilliant course, which I would recommend to anyone who would like to reflect on what direction they may want their life to take.
Really interesting and useful for anyone. I's video-based which makes engaging with the information easier by the way the proffesor talks.
Love how much i could connect this course with my life.Excellent teacher , I just loved listening to all his videos. In deed a good course
Very interesting and useful course to help finding your purpose in life and also making it very programmatic from Be to Do to Action!
Excellent Course to help you in discovering your life's purpose and why it is so important  that you pursue in on some many levels.
This course is great for any learner that wants to think about their purpose and help provide direction for their energy. Take it!
Great course that helps you find your meaningful purpose using real neuroscience and psychological examples of why this matters.
It's wonderful and worthiest course do. It helps us decide why do we live. Wonderful successive lectures on philosophy of life.
Very nice course. I liked specially the mix of philosophy and scientific researches and concepts presented in the course.
It was mind blowingit helped a lot and i loved it and i recommend it to everyoneit will change the way we thinki loved it
Inspirational course with practical exercises and insights from the fields of philosophy, psychology, and health science.
I absolutely loved this course and helped me find a new meaning in my life! (especially in the Covid-19 era.) many thanks
What a wonderful course. Amazing connection with dr. Strecher, thank you so much for this adventure to a new beginning.
Thank you for this wonderful course that improves self-reflection and teaches about what is most important in life.
This  Course helps me to ignite my thoughts in a new dimension and it was a wonderful course. Thank You so much
Great content and a w perspective to life and amazing talk by the lecture. worth investing time in this course
This is a super amazing course. I've never had a learning experience like this before. Educative yet helpful.
I learn the meaning of life...in the real life money is not the major thing....money is just a secondary....
Perfect course that everyone in the world should take! Thanks to the author for sharing this information!!!!
Really an awesome Course...!   Highly recommended...Really an amazing course...! hats off Dr.Vic Strecher :)
I loved this course. I found my purpose in life and I am going to start working on it. Thank you so much.
A found it a very useful guide on repurposing my life.  I enjoyed the professor and content.  Thank you!
Highly recommended for individuals who wishes to enhance yourself. This can really help you in some way.
Loved both the format and content of the course.  The right subject matter and format for a COVID world
As a guidance counselor, I realized that purpose is important to a person's mental health disposition.
So educational and practical. Nothing ever helped me this much to figure out my values and my purpose.
This course was very well laid-out and the instructor was easy to understand. Thoroughly enjoyed it!
This course is amazing! For personall, social and professional life, everyone should do this course
I am so glad i joined this course, it definitely changed my perspective seeing things in life
I loved the course and Vic Strecher's charismatic way of bringing the knowledge. Thank you!
Great course, It helps you to get a better understanding of how Purpose works on your life.
Great instructor and very meaningful and useful topic to ponder and work on in your life!
Very Recommended for everyone not just to young people but also to adults and old people
more than amazing loved the content and loved the way of dr. vector such a goodheart man
I will suggest everyone to take this course who want to get a step closer to themselves.
I  really enjoyed this course. It was very interesting, and Vic is a great instructor.
Excellent course that I would highly recommend for anyone at any time in their life.
Excellent course. Very important content and it made perfect sense to me. Worth it.
Very interesting, well organized and with a lot of insights, I really recommend it!
Simply fabulous course - if you have to do one this year - start with this one! :)
Simple course with simple concepts. However, very relevant and important concepts.
This is an excellent course, very motivating and touching. Very much recommended.
I am touched by the dedication of the lecturer to bring this nice course to us.
Excellent course.Refreshing topics gives the idea of leading a purposeful life.
I find this online course really interesting in meaningful. Thank you so much.
Excellent course. The instructor is engaging and knowledge. Highly recommend!
This type of learning should be basic before study anything else in our life
Very interesting course, new material, inspiring teacher. Highly recommended
Was a great classThanks a million.. Helped me to redefine my purpose in life
excellent structure and well integratedVic Strecher really brings it to life
Outstanding - from instructor to content to associated materials and tools.
It's life changing and worth your time! Thank you Professor Vic Strecher!
I highly recommend this course for self-development and self-improvement!
This is really a awesome course ..I learn lot of about purpose in life..
Thanks for this course! Helps to understand why purpose is so important.
Great course for those looking to live a purposeful and meaningful life.
I think it was very insightful ,teaches us a lot of life skill values.
I LOVED this course, I feel so motivated and happy, thank you so much.
Worth the tine investment f you want to discover your purpose in life.
Great feeling, after knowing about the true meaning of worthful life.
Good lectures for finding purposeful meaning in every aspects of life
Excellent Content and It is much needed in the period like Pandemics
A must to take course if you want to be happy and life a big life
Excellent course, great teacher. I'll use my notes over and over.
This course is Incredible. Full of scientifically based teaching
Thank you so much for this wonderful course, I found my purpose.
This course helps me step by step to make plans for my purpose
If you want change in your life of find out what matters most.
Thank you for making this course possible. It helped me a lot!
This was a very beautiful course. Everyone needs to watch it.
the instructor is amazing, to do course for all . thank you .
Thank you for the course - I enjoyed it and learned a lot!
Excellent course. Every human being shall go through it.
The best course, learned so much about how people think
Enlightening and inspiring course. Highly recommended.
A highly recommended course. I loved every bit of it.
Life Changing Course. Tutor was awesome , 100 % true.
excellent course for taking a stock-take of your life
Professor Strecher is amazing. I enjoyed this course.
I adored this course! Thank you for the opportunity.
This was an inspirational course. Thank you teacher.
Excellent course, very motivating and enlightening
excellent. opened my intellect to a lot of things.
This course can change the way you see your life.
Opened the door to the rest of my life! Loved it!
Definitely one of the best MOOKs I`ve ever done!
This is a fantastic course. Thanks Dr Strecher.
Great to reflect yourself during this hard time
Excellent course;  I found it very beneficial.
wonderful! anyone considering this, take it :)
Fantastic Instructor! Very interesting course.
Motivates me to have a more meaningful life.
Thank you so much for this wonderful course.
Thanks for this wonderful and useful course.
It was an amazing course, totally worth it!
Excellent course. I strongly recommend it.
I loved the course and the Purposeful app!
Loved it! The professor is inspirational.
An excellent course. Highly recommend it!
Amazing life changing course right here.
really like the material in the course
It really bought a purpose in my life
It has given a new perspective to me.
Excellent ! Thank you Professor Vic.
That course is very interested......
One of the best course ever😇😇😇😇
thanks for the new course to my clg
Outstanding course and instructor!
Wonderful course thanks a lot!
It was a very beautiful course
greatest course i've ever had
Very nice course. Like it!
Everybody should see this.
Very Informative, Thanks.
Good Course! Thank you.
thank you i learn a lot
That was so so good...
its great for learning
it's an amazing course
Really Amazing Course
This is good course
Purpose in my life
Life-changing!!!
very well
