greed rules.... previously the course was free including the quizzes to check whether one learned something or not; now you have to pay 60$ just to check your learning progress (I do not need a certificate, just learning for myself)
very poor response from the help team .i completed all assignments but my certificate still not received
The actual educational aspects of the course are interesting and insightful but the requirement to grade the work of others makes this course a chore to get through.  If the material wasn't so useful, I would have rated this course 1/5.  If the peer review requirement did not exist, it would easily have warranted a 5/5 rating.
Lecturers are far too long and disengaging. Also, needing to open new tabs with long videos is not a good way to keep students motivated. The overall course lecturers could be summarise in one 15minutes lecture per week, but because of the the videos, things get a lot longer. Lecturers are broken in places where there is no reason for (e.g., Week 4 lecture is broken 80% from the end, in a 4 min video. Why not make the video longer and cover the entirety of the topic?)
95 dollars for a certificate?
I dont know how the peer reviews are done and like everyone else says its hard to trust them. However, it was a nice course I certainly learnt something that would really help my job.
Good course. However, it was very basic. I learned, but not sufficient for the 4 hours per week that I invested.
Material generally interesting but felt a bit low bang for the buck, with much of it a bit obvious.
Great course, taught me quite a bit about goal setting and vision statements. However, could be more in depth in a  few areas. I would recommend taking the first two sections of this course (visionary leader and goal setting). The other areas are interesting such as how to motivate using rewards but that is more applicable if you are an employer, as compared to the leader of a voluntary organization or just a member looking for leadership training. Some suggestions for improvement: It could be beneficial to be given some complex problems and be given an exercise to navigate it in the best way given the course material and discuss the situation and approaches via the forum. Also more emphasis on being a charismatic leader would be helpful- there is a great body of research and I was expecting and hoping for more depth in this area. Perhaps a future assignment where students record themselves giving a speech about the vision would be beneficial. Then peers would analyze and critique the content and delivery.
Course itself is very well structured however having to wait days if not weeks for others to peer grade your assignments makes the process frustrating. Notifying the course community that the specialization has many peer graded assignments would be a good idea as many are pushing through at their own pace and the delays hold them up.
I have learnt a lot or new information and improved my understanding in the filed of motivation. I have leart that as a leader you need to communicate clearly the vision, set goals which are in line with the vision. The thing that I miss is how to connect the motivation with the set goals.
The instructors are good, but the lectures could be packed with more information. I frequently watched the videos on 1.5x speed to get through the information faster. Plus, the examples of leaders they give are always white men. Not great when this course is for a diverse audience.
Some of the videos made too long by unnecessary clips from hollywood which illustrate the point but are too long. The assignment of the final week felt tacked on and not at all related to what was taught that week.
The peer grading system need improvement. More specific grading rules needed. Coursera must supervise the grading process. The participants who put grades not according to the rules must be penalized.
This is an informative course as you will know many things. But they should make the video interesting and change the instructor as well.
3 stars for the missing pdf slides. other than that it was very well structured and oraganized!!
Research is well done as you would expect from Michigan
Have taken more interesting courses
Good delivery so far
The speakers are really great - you can easily follow them, the content is structured in such a way that it clearly conveys and explains the points we are supposed to learn. Tasks are highly useful in case you are an actual team-lead, since you can practice them immediately on your own team. This course has helped me to some good ideas for change in my work environment.However, it is focussed on only one model of leadership (Michigan Model of Leadership) rather than comparing two or more. This course is clearly meant as an introduction for beginners, and in this setting I think the single model approach is fine.Assignments are peer-graded, which always brings in a little random element. Be aware of the final assignment, which involves soliciting and reporting feedback from colleagues and hence requires some preparation time.
I've enrolled in SIX mooc's over the last three years. This one has EIGHTEEN SEGMENTS in the WEEK ONE. That seemed daunting... until I did the first five. Short bursts of PURE ADRENALINE. This experience far outpaces all but one other mooc-- Creativity, Innovation & Change. I decided to take this one because a friend in my mastermind group asked if anyone else would take it with her. She is the Director of Coaching for a large soccer club in southern California. Makes sense for her. Simply BLOWS MY MIND. Well done! My only hesitation is that it will require at least 90 mins of concentration EVERY SINGLE DAY. That's more time than I bargained for. Hopefully it'll be worth it.
Thanks to team that put together the course, I really liked itIt covers the topics in sufficient detail with relevant cases /examples, which makes its really easy to get the concept.Would be nice to also have (which is why I did not give it a 5 on 5) - A section on team structure (which in my view is the missing link for this course and which often is a challenge managers cope with and can have a big influence on motivation) and a few more corporate speakers / examples (beyond Menlo, people not from US don't really know much about this company) Overall a course I would surely recommend to all people in my team
Great course, I like how it engaged me to actively apply the course content to my own team and to actively seek feedback. The content is presented in a light and often humorous manner, but also by using specific example videos that make it easy to remember the content. The only critique I have is that the estimated hours that the different parts are supposed to take do not seem to take into account things like participating in the discussion forums. The links in the video to the discussion forum and to some of the youtube videos do not work or are outdated.
The course overall provided me with useful ideas and methods for understanding my organization better and the psychology of the workplace.  What drives individuals in an organization is a question that permeates the course, and ... how can leaders tap into common organizational behaviors to improve their management?  Some of the examples are a bit tired if you've taken just about any psychology course, but the kernels of advice are worth the time if you want to understand your workplace better.
the only problem i have with this course and the others in this specialization is that the instructors think we are all employed people, leaders, and we are responsible for a team. In fact I am taking this specialization because i will need it in near future. I am a college student and do not have a team i am leading. So some assignments are difficult to complete because they particularly ask you for real life experience, which students my age most probably don't have.
I very happy with my decision of selecting this course. It has been a learning journey so far and I believe that I would continue to enhance my skills and knowledge as I want to switch my career and work fora tier 1 company . I know the path is very challenging but I have high hopes that I would benefit a lot from this course.
A good course which provides solid understanding on how to motivate and drive your colleagues and subordinates.The course particulary describes why it is essential to have a vision for you team and how to communicate it to your peers, gives the ideas on how to reward your employees based on their values.
This is a great course, and it can help you a lot to learn how to understand the motivation process, how to figure out what you may be doing wrong communicating with your team, and how to improve your results together with colleges, subordinates, peers and superiors in your company. Thanks a lot!
The course was structured very well as a whole. It was easy to follow and it provided much insight in the matter of motivating and inspiring other people. I've had some issues with accessing some of the videos, mainly because those videos were subject to copyright.
Great! I really feel good about this course, Which is quite perfect learning with advanced strategies. I thank to my Professor and University of Michigan. My Twitter : https://twitter.com/PraveeniciciMy LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/praveenicici
In general, the course give you tools and basic knowledges to challange different environments and cases. Of course to get the best  you need to comply on your side the theory. Suggested for beginners and students. Marco D.
If you're currently working in a leadership role this course provides some thoughtful exercises and content you can apply to your day job. Good content (nothing earth-shattering, but a good presentation of the issues).
the peer feedback is not working that well. the time range is very short and the rating quality varies, so resubmissions of assignments can mean you have to re-enroll for the following course and lose your cohort.
This course has help me in understanding what we should be doing if we want to create a healthy team culture . we were doing so many thing incorrectly which was harming the team. Thanks alot for the learning
For peer - graded type of assignment, it is better if you can ask the instructor of that course to review assignment and give comment as well.So, we can know the development opportunity from the expert.
More case studies would help to familiarize with concepts covered during the course. Apart from that, it is a well-structured overview course, which helps to address some day-to-day challenges at work.
I liked, very profesional and learned a lot.I miss some guides or tools to implement con real life. I mean that one thing is to learn, but to really get this into daily real life is the big deal.
Overall I find this course as a good investment of my time, however, it's very theoretical, I would like to to see more real examples that illustrate the frameworks used in this course.
Dr DeRue's lectures were very helpful for understanding the key take=aways / skills / tips for motivating yourself as well as a team. His lectures are very clear and easy to follow.
Great strategies and examples to help in communicating a vision, setting goals that align with that vision, and providing and seeking feedback for performance reviews and ongoing.
Very useful topics and examples, they helped me understand why my company does things in a given way and also allows me to identify improvements on these.
Very good baseline course for the subject matter.  I would recommend this course for anyone new to management or thinking of making a career change.
It’s an interesting topic, a lot of relevant information was shared during discussions. The deadline aren’t difficult to maintain.
It is wonderful experience to study in a unique way and completed my course, i have learnt lot of things through this course.
A great reminder of key aspects that one must consider to engage and generate results in a positive corporate environment!
Some contents link to Youtube videos doesn't work since the original videos are removed due to Copyright or by the owner
the course has given me great insight in how best to motivate my team as well as understand what would motivate me.
I am happy choose the right course that may help me and in future. Thanks to my teachers, Michigan and coursera.
Good course overall. It helped me in communicating to my team on the best way to reach their professional goals.
Some really good insights into how people are motivated, what works and what doesn't.  Very enjoyable course.
The instructors are awesome but the delays in peer review exercises make this course very frustrating.
The content is well presented.  The exercises are valuable but the grading process needs improved.
This course really helps you to look deeper into the subject. And it helps my directly in my job.
Very good content and essentially methodology of applying the knowledge learnt in real life cases
Really good proffesors who knows' how to arrive to their students. I will recommend this cours.
It gives valid information in setting goal and motivation. Appreciate and thanks to the team
Great course! Very helpful for me as I grow my leadership skills to accelerate my business
Great content, but it was too easy. I beleive students should have harder tasks to learn.
This is a good course and help to understand the prospective of others in the team
This course is really worth to me for my professional as well as personal growth.
The course is very interesting and informative.  It clarifies several concepts.
It was very interesting ans useful thank you so much ..................
Good update of classic theories on leading others. Somehow too basic.
I really enjoyed the content. I cannot wait to start the next class.
it's very good and give me confidence after completing this course
Love every part of this course...I can't wait to see what is next!
very useful it will be great if you add more explanation examples
I really liked this course. Very clear and understandable!!
Leaders need this course. It's clearly, focus, and amazing.
Nice and intriguing examples, clear and easy to understand
I am able to apply to teams and companies I worked for
Not bad. Learned quite a bit. Will take more courses
Nice course and good tips to apply what you learn.
Peer-graded assignments are sometimes irrelevant!
good.Might include some more vivid case studies
Good course, maybe needs a little more practice
A very informative and well presented course.
Learn more of in spring movitatio to meet tq
very interesting and useful. Thank you
It was an exciting course. I loved it.
Great fundamentals for Leading teams.
Very worthwhile.  Excellent content.
Good content, engaging presentation
Improving the leadership skill
Great and inspiring course.
Very clear, great teachers
Very good! Thanks
Good Lectures
Fantastic material, very good teaching, they use conclusions from research and apply it in a very practical way, applicable in day to day situations. A real added value for my professional life.
Great course, but perhaps forewarn students of the feedback assignment in week 4 a little bit earlier - it took me nearly a month to get feedback from people on my team because we are pretty busy.
This is hands down the best MOOC I've taken so far on any subject. Both instructor's lectures excel in both choice and presentation of content, and the writing assignments force students to think about and understand the material to some degree of completion. Suggestions: There should be a non-trivial graded writing assignment every week. In the whole MOOC format, peer-graded writing assignments are the only instrument developed so far serving as a meaningful assessment device while forcing students to think about the material in a more than casual manner. The multiple choice quizzes are easily passed by listening to lectures and the material is quickly forgotten afterwards. Students submitting late may also be given the option to transfer their work so far to the next offering of the class.
A wealth of information taught by engaging professors. The interactive peer-review process immediately showed me how I was interpreting the class information and where to focus for best results. Week-End slide shows recap for maximum retention. Instructors used external linked videos for examples that were extremely useful. A real-world company CEO gave us his topic thoughts throughout the course. The course installments were of the optimal length for enjoyment and interest. I was able to utilize the skills on day one and my interest and knowledge base kept growing daily. Each weekly required essay was thought provoking and engaged the core of the values and skills we had learned. 5 stars, 2 thumbs up, A+ I would do it again in a heartbeat. Highly Recommend this course and encourage anyone who is in the area of leading people, a team leader, manager, even a head of household will benefit.
As both a healthcare professional and an executive for a healthcare organization I am blown away by how good the courses within the Leading People and Teams specialization are.  I found Coursera through my own search for personal professional development and every course I have done has been top notch but the  courses in this specialization really raise the bar.  I have encouraged my peers and subordinates to take the courses within the Leading People and Teams Specialization and we may actually do a coordinated effort to get leaders and aspiring leaders into this Coursera specialization.
I am often concerned about keeping my ego in check and do not always agree with the decisions of upper management; there must be a better way! I'm finding it! I'm learning through this course material that my business acumen is right on track for someone with limited training! Thank you for offering this course. I was desperately in need of inspiration and am so glad to have found it here. I highly recommend this not only for those seeking managerial or leadership roles but also those working in ANY position that involves human relations and interactions with others.
Inspiring and Motivating Individuals course has been a life changing experience. My Perception about managing people has changed positively completely. The course has added a lot of value to me, my staff and our organisation . it has helped me to build my confidence, communication skills and I see my self valuing my staff better. it's been extremely wonderful and I hope to pass the Knowledge and information to the people around me. I will also recommend the course to my peers.  The course content and videos that were shared made understanding
I like this course. It took me about 5 hours per week including quizzes. Yes, assignment was a bit tricky to me due to language capacity and need to write about two pages for each. Hence, it took me extra 2 hours per week. I learn and took with me from course some easy and practical tools such as MU model of Leadership, SMART goals setting etc. Lectures were not boring at all and I enjoyed very much. Unfortunately I consider this Specialization overpriced yet very useful. I can not afford 530 USD for continuing.
I started the course somewhat skeptically because it was the first time I had an online education but from the first video I was delighted with the topics, the examples, the forums and the way the course was developed. I am convinced that this course has helped me to develop my leadership and communication skills much more.Excellent instructors, Highly recommended!!!!!
Some material and the course was review from previous management classes whereas others were wonderfully thought-provoking. I wish many companies were forward-thinking enough to take this course.
This is what I was really looking for! This course really provide insights and strong fundamental of these two skillset i.e. Inspiring & Motivating, which are must for People Manager/Leader.
Great course, and I can tell the professors put a lot of work into preparing it. My only real critique is that the final assignment of the last week required an unusual amount of people-dependent preparation, interviewing colleagues and supervisors. This would have been fine, but there was no advance warning about this, so it was very difficult for me to complete the assignment by the deadline, because I normally did my week's lessons the day they were due. It would have been nice if they could have provided some kind of warning about that, as I think others were also caught by surprise.
Thankful to have this chance in taking this online course. It is helpful in setting goals and understanding how to effectively set goals. As not to demotivate self and others if goals are not achieve because it was set high and could attract for others doing misbehaviour to reach the set goals. I have seen cases like these already. Now, I can say that it is true. Numbers are achieved but the ethical character failed. It is still not a better goal to making the project/goal the best.
In this course, I
learned how to create a shared vision for my team and effectively communicate to
teammates, also learned how to set effective goals and expectations in a way
that best enables of team to attain the shared vision. Finally, I understand
the most important needs and drivers of performance across cultures, and learn
to align rewards with desired behaviors so that teammates are motivated to
attain the team’s objective.
This course on "Inspiring and Motivating Individuals" is a wonderful course which help in learning several beautiful aspects of leadership. I have learned how to draft a plan for my team, how to inspire team members, manage talents in team, keeping them enthusiastic and engaging in their work through innovative rewarding techniques. Now, I looking forward to the next course in the specialization series. :)
Very interesting and valuable course. It was much better than I expected. I learned a lot and also recommended quite a lot of people to watch it. The material was exclusive - you can not so easily find such kind of material over the internet or in the books. A lot of experiments and researches were presented for illustrations of the lessons. Thank you for the excellent course!
Tons of content, tons of data showcased, and obviously, all relevant and important. I have never written a review before, but this one really deserved a top score. Due note, that this is a course, that if you take it as seriously as you should, it is  filled with content and as such it does really take a substantial amount of time to complete. But it was so worth it!
The
course was very well designed and provided the tools and knowledge to become an
inspiring leader for the team. Both lectures, Scott
and Maxim, were compelling and inspiring for me, with ample of practical
resources and examples. The practical assignments were very useful as well and in
applying information presented in the course. Highly recommend!
It's an excellent course. Very insightful and I have learnt a lot and have enjoyed too. I can feel a change in myself, in terms of how I used to do things earlier compared to my approach now. Clearly it needs a lot of practice, but I now feel equipped with the necessary tools, metrics to do my job better in inspiring and motivating individuals.
This course is incredibly helpful to my job and my life. It reveals so many rationales behind the behaviors of human beings, and this revelations can be immediately applied to my job and my life. In addition, I have gained the help from the two professors of this course, which to a great extent encourages me to work hard with this course.
One of the best MOOC I have taken, so comprehensive and insightful. I have learnt so much from this course. The jewel in the crown are the two instructors, both with their personal style of delivery made it so special. Thank you Coursera and Thank you dear instructors. I look forward to enrolling in more courses from these two gentlemen.
I ve learn a lot about specific details, mechanisms and angles to motivate others and btw myself.The course is accurate and well illustrated .I 've enjoyed the intelligiblity of the two men delivring the videos content.I recommend the course to any one since it for sure will enhance the fluidity or relationship at work and private life.
Great course, I could feel that you put a lot of effort into making it as practical as possible. I learned a lot from the assignments. The lectures were interesting and the video examples were engagingand very relevant. There were some technical issues with some of the videos and with the discussion forums, that needs to be fixed
This course is superb. The Leadership model from Michigan University is really applicable to reality, and I consider this course at the top of the leadership courses that I have done so far.
This course presented excellent educational material, activities and examples from real life that helps you to go through all the content keeping your interest from the beginning to the end.
Excellent course Many  thanks for university of Michigan Espically  Scott DeRue, Ph.D.Edward J. Frey Dean at the Ross School of BusinessManagement and Organizations, Ross School of Businessand.Maxim Sytch, Ph.D.Associate Professor of Management and Organizations Michael R. and Mary Kay Hallman FellowManagement and Organizations, Ross School of Business.
This course was actually so much more interesting than I thought it was going to be - I loved it!  The was it was presented was very interesting and entertaining and I thought the information in the course was very relevant and recent.  I also liked that there was variety in the assessment tasks.  I highly recommend this course.
Excellent course with just the right amount of video and homework assignment to keep you engaged.  The videos and data presented were very well curated and there were plenty of fun examples that helped clarify different points.  Peer review is a good way of hearing lots of different perspectives. Overall, very enjoyable, thanks.
I really recommend this course. Th authors give good range of infotmation and structure it in the way it helps you to understand how to implement the knowledge in youreveryday job. They provide the dataof researchs and surveys that confirms the information. The new information is good iilustrated with the real business examples.
This course is really wonderful to lead your team. Even though, I never lead the team before, but the way my CEO handled all of us , I was really amazed and wished if I could be like that. After taking this course, I feel I can be like him someday. Thanks to the instructor for creating such a wonderful course content.
I loved this course as it provides all the necessary things that must come forward in order to sustain such situations that are favourable and eliminate all those steps that could harm any work or project. This course provided me very good videos and clips that helps in understanding your teammates or group members.
This is just inspiring to learn new things. The staffs did a great job in making the course simple yet powerful in every possible way.Really enjoyed this course and learned a lot through this course. This is one of the best course i have ever done in coursera. Really looking forward to more courses like this.
Fantastic! Many years of experience as Manager I tough I am in many situations doing wrong. After this course I know many of those situations are nothing streng for the science and it is nice to match the experiences with science. I was really great! I am sure I will use this knowledge in my future positions!
Offered by Michigan university , In this course i'm learn and known about Leadership,goals setting and how to create a shared vision for our team and effectively communicate it our teammates.and also about the importance of feed-back from our teammates and employees.i shall be very thankful and also hopeful.
This course gives you the most recent research on motivating employees and peers, with great examples. They teach you how to avoid common mistakes managers do all the time and the risks of some very well spread techniques that does not work all the time, so you finish the course knowing how to mitigate them.
It is an excellent course to enhance your skills and personality as an individual.  The way the course progresses is really nice. You never feel that we are doing something so serious or difficult . The course is explained through so many real practical life examples which help you understand them properly.
Excellent course, I learn a lot useful knowledge which can immediately apply on my current position. Big thank to Coursera and Michigan University for bringing the course to us. I am a young woman living in a developing  country, Coursera like a gateway for me to jump in the these worldwide quality courses.
Clear, to the point. Professors are great and provide tools that have, can and will be used daily.  When your time is limited it becomes extremely valuable, and when you invest that time into something like this course and see that its worth every second of your time, WOW. Keep up the fantastic work.
What an excellent course structure. There was a lot to learn but you have manage to pull that through. Thank you to all the Professors for offering this excellent course to transform people not just us who have done it but the whole Team/ department. Thank you for giving it for free. Stay blessed!
Excellent course with very useful knowledge on how to better aim your goals as a manager to develop the firm, also how to speak and express yourself in a matter to compel workers and the ways and styles to do such thing. This course also include non verbal communication and many other techniques.
This course has been like reflective feedback for me. I always remember a colleague telling me as you climb higher you will find lesser people with you and enough to pull you down.  I have learnt to stay calm and never jump to conclusions. Healthy environment is necessary at your workplace.
It is wonderful course and has videos which shows practical demonstrations of the concepts. The videos are also not enacted specifically for the course but picked up from movies or news / documentary. Could relate to every concept well. Very effective. The peer mechanism is well defined.
Great course, pushed my thinking further in developing leadership. I also learnt new things even though I have gone through internal leadership courses in my organisation already. Really good stuff on performance appraisals, developing a vision and communicating it. Great teachers too.
Very inspirational course, a wealth of knowledge is presented in a captivating manner. The principles taught are backed by research. The knowledge gained is practical and applicable to real life situations. The course gives tools to inspire  and motivate others in all spheres of life.
This is my first interaction with Coursera trainning and I have been pleasantly surprised. The tool is great and this course in particular has been helpful for my career. The way the concepts are explained and the amount of practice that it has it makes it really useful for me.Thanks,
excellent course, discussing hot topics such as developing your vision's organization, setting SMART goals, motivating your employees, rewarding them, recognizing the key drivers of performance, how to manage goals and expectations. overall very interesting and highly recommended.
Excellent and very useful course which helps you to always remember the power of inspiring and motivating individuals and teams although you know some of the issues, however, the way presented and theory and research behind and updates are excellent for all. Thank you all. Ali
Professors DeRue and Sytch form an incredible duo. I had heard of them, but in this course, they were exceptional. There's nothing to complain about, because the whole course is very well-developed. A single suggestion is to elevate the difficulty of the tests just a little.
It's hugely helpful. As an engineer, I learned many new stuff I would never have a chance to learn before . The two teachers are awesome. I really appreciate their teaching styles as well as the content. Many thanks to the teachers,  Coursera and University of Michigan!
I really liked this course. Its the second one I take on Coursera. I think Im ending the course with a lot of tools to work on my leadership. Very good examples, videos and explanations.  If you need to improve your leadership, this curse will definitely will help you.
The ideas covered in this course were not new to me, as they probably will not be to you, but they were presented in a way that made me rethink my previous notions about intrinsic and extrinsic motivations. Try this course and shed some new light on a classic subject.
Course is good!! But I really dont like how the certificate shows up on linkedin. They all have the same boring coursera logo for all the course. Please, change this!! I really would like to have the logo of the university on my linkedin coursera certificate section.
I'm not new to this subject, but definitively I liked the material, the way they conducted the course, the examples and videos. I liked the way they always resume and make the effort for recap each lesson.I guess this is one of the courses which deserves the be paid.
This is a very insightful course. There is so much I didn't know on inspiring teams, I have picked up a handful of ideas and will be implementing this on my daily work. I will keep revisiting the course to ensure the lessons remain on my finger tips. Thank you!!!
Thank you to University of Michigan and its professors Scott DeRue and Maxim Sytch. This has been one of the best online courses I have ever attended. The course brings into picture a lot of ideas and strategies to help evaluate, develop and motivate your teams.
That's an amazing course. It helped me a lot with my behaviors at work. I also learned a huge amount of skills which I will introduce at my day to day routine. If you're looking for improving your leadership skill that's definitely the course you want to make.
Outstanding material. I cannot believe UM delivers such quality courses for such low a price. 100% recomendable. I have grown as a professional with this course and will take more courses from the UM. Thank for bringing to general public top-knowledge courses.
It took me a while to get through the entire course and peer reviewed assignments, but some of the information presented here I had never heard of before!  Goals can carry risks and cause unethical behavior?  What??? Thank you so much for creating this course!
Very engaging lectures, broken into segments that let you spread the learning around available time. Very much recommended to improve your leadership, especially if you have not received formal business management experience, but are now in a leadership role.
This course was an eye opener for learning what motivates and drives employees. Many of the techniques taught in this course I have personally implemented into my own work habits. If you're new to management or seasoned, this course has value for everyone.
was great the way that the concepts was aborded, giving examples of how being a leader and give a vision to your team, the questions that you must make, and the way to communicate with others. I love it, how talk, how start,planning and make your goals.
This course gives real world solutions about how to inspire/motivate. These ideas can be used with small or large companies. I like the statics shared as well. For me it showed me that the companies are more a like than we think. Insert slow clap here!
It's a great course.  Content of the course is very standard with excellent example. Those who want excell as leaders , this course provide you an insight right from  setting up vision , goal and implementing the same . Awasome experience. Thank you .
I deeply appreciated the relevant and timely studies the professors included in the class. This current data was summarized and presented in an easy to understand way. They also provided ways on how to apply the lessons learned from the studies/data.
Very informative and appt. The Professors were outstanding.Thank the Professors for their time on the course material.Thanks to all my peers who have been part of this course.Looking forward  for more courses in future.Regards.Ravichander.T.S.
It´s so far the best course I ever took, It helps me to develop a lot of personal and leadership skills, this particular course motivates you enough to continue learning and to continue with this specialization course from Michigan University
Great Instructor/Course from great University as great as the rest of Michigan university courses. Well respected Universities in addition to Duke, San diego and Virginia. Compared to the very short courses from other reputable Universities
The course material was immediately applicable to my role as a manager, and I implemented several of the ideas discussed throughout as we were learning about them. The content also uses great examples to illustrate all the ideas presented.
The course was very informative and relevant in my current job. It has equipped me with excellent knowledge that I will definitively utilize. I'm sure that the knowledge acquired will make me move one step ahead in my professional career.
I learned a lot during this course. The course content is easy to understand  and practical.The  assignments are also very engaging gives you an opportunity to reflect on yourself and your pattern of working.I had a great time learning !
I had good takeaways from this course. Both the instructors are very awesome and very well explained the insights in each of the topics. This is a good learning opportunity to me and will be helpful in  my day to day work. Thank You.
This course provided with the practical theories, practices and applications on how to inspire and motivate people in an organization. I am grateful to the professors of the prestigious, University of Michigan. God bless you all! :)
It was an enligthen and deligthful course,. The classes helped me to make all the performance evaluation of my team this year and I brougth me a lot of insigth of how to become a better leader. Congratulation for a wonderful course.
Great instructors, clear assignments, and actionable lessons I was able to apply as I was taking the course. Fellow students were engaged and helpful. Both professors provided great lessons and really understand how to present info.
The course overall gave me insights into my role as a manager. I found the course content easy to understand and it gave me cause to reflect on my own role as a manager. The assignments made sense and relates to my every day work.
It was amazing.The teachers were great and the way michigan designed the course it worth understanding and learning.I really appreciate the course and hoping forward to have other courses under university of michigan as well.
This was an amazing experince! I've started to improve my leadership skills from the 1st lesson! Very reach course! I advise every person who doesn't know how to inspire others. So much to get from this course, so hurry up!!!
A good and interesting course, with lots of research based advice. There are several practical exercises which deepens the knowledge. The lecturers are also very good, and they present the information in the very good manner.
It was a great experience for me, having chance to listen and learn from such skilled professors.I somehow felt like I knew most of the ideas given but now I know how to name and use them professionallly.Thank you very much.
This course has tons of useful materials that are backed by superb research. The instructors are very easy to understand making learning more fluid. I highly recommend this course to managers and future managers out there.
I do believe both doctors know their business, one of things I enjoyed the most was being to apply, lesson after lesson, the concepts presented in the course, and I actually purchased Joy, inc. and even started reading it!
Would highly recommend this course for all managers.  Excellent for beginners and would be a good refresher for experienced manager.  The flow and introduction of key concepts are well thought out and very well presented.
The course has a great flow and is really clearly delivered. I found the course enlightening - it reinforced elements which I had experienced in my career and has offer new learnings in motivating and inspiring a team.
One of the best courses offered by Coursera. A lot of substantial information, recap lectures, slides, quiz, forums, and instructors very knowledgeable of theories, practice and statistical analysis. Very recommend it.
Truly great one!I really like practical approach. Moreover the best thing is that I have seen presented theories working in action :)Thank you, this was like really great book, that empowered my skills and personality.
This course is very useful, we can know some skills that we need to lead people. This course is especially for that leader who is working hard with his team workers to get more commitment to their job to get the goal.
Very good content on motivation factors and effective feedback. Good video instructions and tips that help you to be a better motivator at the workplace. I learned a lot and thanks very much for putting this together.
Very good course, professors and material. The course was very interesting for me and help me to understand many concept related to team work, how to motivate my team work, the role and types of rewards at job, etc.
I am still in the process of completing this course.But want to put it on record -My appreciation for the course material, it's presntation etc.Hope I complete this in time to be able to get certified.RegardsAnju
I took this course as part of the Specialization. I wish I could put all the directors, VPs, and EVPs through this specialization. The tools, case studies, and resources alone make it worth the time and money.
This course is really informative for those whose purpose is to improve themselves in leadership field. The speakers are clear at their points, and the course materials are comprehensive for the new learners.
Interesting data on how to maximize on recognition and rewards. For me 

















Variable Schedule Reinforcement technique was a revelation. 



 I was not aware non-verbals can make such an impact.
Very good introduction of how to motivate people.Talking with demotivated people showed a high correlation to companies which do not implement the methods discussed in this course.Keep-up-the-good-work ;)
Well explained with great materials being shared.. i enjoyed learning a lot of things from this course.. i thank all my mentor in this course and my peer reviewers for all their valuable time :) -Vijay
This course was exactly what I needed! I work as an art director that manages projects and creative talent that can be very sensitive. This course will help me to manage expectations and personalities.
An extremely powerful learning platform.this was believable Experience that how impeccably Professors make you believe that they are live in front of you & its like a classroom.Highly recommended !!!!!
This was first course on Coursera and I am so happy after completing it, there was so much to learn. Both the instructors are simply great. I never thought, I will enjoy online learning so much.
Excellent instructors with great video references.  Lectures have strong content that is readily applicable and useful in my organization today.  It is a great leadership development course.
A very useful course. Mr. Scott and Mr. Maxim were great instructors. The lessons were easy to understand and I have learned a lot. Would definitely recommend this course and specialization.
It was such a wonderful journey that I went through while doing this course. I am blessed to have such inspiring mentors who led me from one important fact to another in the most lucid way.
Excellent opportunity to learn and see practical examples on how to improve management, leadership, and to understand motivators and ways to improve the dedication and motivation of teams.
This is one of the best courses that I have seen so far. Every lecture is interesting and the way of teaching is another level. This course will help everyone to develop a personality.
this course is very useful for team leader also this course learn about inspiring and motivating others, how to set SMART goals, equity and how to create development plan for our team
This Course is really useful and have thrown insights into my thought process and will of-course bring in a new and confident approach towards executing my duties and responsibilities
I would recommend the course to everyone, because I feel this is useful in work and personal life both. The trainers were too good. I love to revisit the course to brush up my skills
Very relevant and without a lot of unnecessary information. Found the segment topics and lectures easily understandable and immediately applicable to my current work.

Two thumbs up!
Great course indeed. the teachers use ample examples and youtube videos to make us understand the concepts. i just loved it. this course will teach you how to be a successful leader
A lot of quality information and a new way of learning for me. I probably would rate it a 9/10 but otherwise its a good course for many who are thinking about leading in business.
I think that it is great course. Although it is rather theoretical then practical course it is made in perfect way. Everything is shown on a examples and there are some exercises.
Excellent course for all the aspiring leaders as well as people practicing leadership currently. Lot of research based framework. You will not find a better value for your money.
Excellent course and instructors! Offers very good bases, summarizes all the important issues and gives the stimuli to anyone who wants to look for the subject at a greater depth
I feel that I have earned essential knowledge and acquired tools to help me for my job and my personal life. Tutors have a lot to do with this. I strongly recommend this course.
It was great learning with some specific individuals through video tutorials and most importantly the content was really awesome keep coming with such courser's thanks Coursera.
This course have been very useful and inspiring.At the time I write this avaliaton, I just started the 2º week (And right now being challenged in my own beliefs). It's great !!!
Outstanding course, highly engaged and interesting Professors. Content kept my interest and material is very relevant to professional and personal development. Highly recommend!
course provides real picture and understanding of  appraisal process in industrial and cooperate World.Learning and related examples are worth that would be used in future.
Although I have only been working on the course for a week, I think it is really interesting and useful for everybody who is interested in managing people and processes.
perfectly structure, very clear. helpful for the managers who has degree and want to once again analyze the motivation skill and their current situation in the company.
The learning has been huge for me. I love this course. It is designed well and delivered beautifully by great professors. I feel lucky to be your students professors!
Another phenomenal course by these great teachers!  They provide scientific evidence for virtually all of their claims, so it is definitely not just a "fluff" course.
very good course, was a great starting point as new manager.the course is based on great concepts, studies, examples and of course great teachers. Highly recommended.
This 1st course, as an intro course (sort of) to the bigger master course, has been a great experience so far. I'm looking forward to learning through the next one.
Excellent Course. The Instructor really motivate and grasp your attention
in each video! Fully Recommended. I know this Course will help me with my team
and peers.
Coursera
allows you to learn the subject at your own pace from where ever you are. It gives good flexibility to the learner.  Also easily available on mobile app.
I really liked the design of the course, the examples quoted and the clarity with which the course is delivered.Thank you for such a wonderful learning experience
Amazing course, great learning, suggesting highly for all people who are working at any level in organisation specially supervisors, administrators and leaders
The course content was structured very well. The delivery style of the content was exceptional. Anyone who wants to become a good leader must take this course.
Very informative and interesting points that were great to learn about.  Only negative, some of the coursework instructions could have been better written.
Really liked this course as introduction to the leadership course. Overall it was a great course and I learned a great deal. Really recommend it to anyone!
This course teaches you how to inspire and Motivate individuals by inspiring and motivating you to reach your professional goals and personal development.
Great course, very useful things you can learn not only for your team, also for your personal life, how people are motivated and how can we improve this.
Well organized course, I learned various was ways to inspire people. I liked the way instructor teaches how to set Smart goal for a team or organization.
I learned a lot from the class. I have heard about the SMART guideline and this class gives me a much better understand of it. Definitely recommend it.
A very useful course to get started in people management.What people cares, how to reward what you care... basic, still never known well enough stuff.
The course was excellent and I enjoy every bit of it. The syllabus was very flexible and organized well with the awesome professors to deliver to me.
This course has giving me lots of tools on spring
people, material was excellent and waiting to see more on the other courses coming. RegardsMauricio
One of the best course attended till now now. Fabulous course content and very effective for everyone. Nicely delivered by the Instructor. Loved it.
This course contains what I believe is very concise information that is presented in a well organized manner. I have personally got a lot out of it.
it is a great course. it gave me good understanding of how to motivate others and how to use the available tools to get the maximum outcomes of them
Very informative course. Provokes critical thinking and measures my current way of management. I have adopted new techniques in ,my day to day mana
Course content and professors were excellent.    Valuable insights and cross industry learnings to strengthen your leadership skills.    Recommend.
I've taken a bunch of Coursera Courses, and these were my favorite.  Fun to watch and packed with useful stuff I wish I had known a long time ago.
This course perfectly sums up what individuals value and what are the ways managers can assess and better engage employees to drive performance.
so far, this course has benefited me beyond any expectations! I'm forever grateful for taking this course and I highly recommend it for everyone
I have been discouraged taking online courses due to my ADHD but the coursework and ease of assignments/quizzes motivated me to stay committed.
Great course with a scientific approach. Discussed topics are not just theories, but matters of fact which have been measured and investigated.
excellent course, it will prove to be helpful no matter what industry, you will always encounter a situation were you will need to inspire and
It definitely helped me a lot to improve and inspire me with my leadership skills! Thank you very much for such a great lessons you gave me!
The course was very well planned and articulated. The real life examples helped to correlate the course content for a better understanding.
This is an excellent course. The materials and videos are fantastic and relevant to anyone in a leadership position within an organization.
Excellent course, with a special mention to both instructors! Thanks for help me to improve and consolidate my skills about leading teams.
A very informative and enjoyable course.  It is refreshing to see someone talk based on actual research rather than popular management BS.
Very insightful in providing a wide range of practical and theoretical tools concerning motivating and leading people, including oneself.
Clever programme that reveals the basis of team leadership. This stuff is a necessity for everyone in business with leadership ambitions.
This has helped me understand more about people and how they operate in the office atmosphere. I look forward to the rest of the course!
Inspiring doctors and Amazing course, thank you for giving me the chance to learn so much knowledge and information from you, I owe you!
It was an amazing experience, I have completed the course before the deadlines and now waiting for my certificate to be delivered to me.
Awesome faculty. Great Examples. Enroll for the course fast and a lot of learning is waiting on the other side of this course. Cheers.
The subject is very interesting and the content is presented extremely well. Great course and even better professor! Highly recommend!
Excellent course, this was a worth one I enjoyed studying and will be very useful. The other courses from the specialization are great
Excellent course, great teachers. The content and real life examples make it relevant to professional development. Highly recommended.
Course was very good. It helped to develop my creative skills, analysing skills, listening skills and helped to develop my knowledge
This course is great for getting to know our people management thinking and greatly improving our people and team management skills.
The course provides detailed understanding of the financial concepts that further invigorates interests to learn more about finance!
Great course. It could last longer. Good introduction to common leadership issues such as goals and appraisals in every day context.
This has been a most dynamic academic experience for me. I learnt a lot and promise to fully implement them in my everyday work-life
Very useful course. You will learn very powerful techniques to be a visionary leader and boost engagement and results on your team.
This course really has helped me in learning how to work more effectively with others and how to motivate my teams better.  Thanks!
Very well structured course, easy to follow and very informative and inspiring. I deeply recommend for leaders in different areas.
Fantastic concepts and techniques to apply in my work environment. Lectures and exercises were easy to integrate into my practice.
I like how the information it's managed, the order of the topics, the explications and examples for the real world, and companies.
It is a great course! It gives you many different insides about how we perceive rewards and how to use it in favour of our teams.
Very good teaching and well given references. Thanks for the course which brought lots of thinking on inspiration and motivation.
I'm just upset for not being able to change the course certificate language to English as the entire course was taken in English.
This Is Wonderful Course , I really Take Most Advantage of It and I wish I Could Promote in My Career After I fInish This Course
very interesting however I expected more interviews from experts and more articles or literature to read for further development
This course opened my eyes to ways to improve my communication skills and get along with others in addition to motivating them.
An excellent course which I've learn a lot on inspiring and motivating others which will be a useful tool for my work and life!
Amazing course. Highly recommend for anyone in a leadership role. The content is so interesting and the teaching is top-notch.
A lot of really good information regarding feedback and leadership... well worth the time spent.  Gained some valuable tools.
Good course, it is well done and very useful. Examples and external video are perfect to undertake and understand the course.
Enjoyed this course and recommend to a newbie like myself who want to enhance their understanding in the field of leadership.
Very happy to be part of this great course, congratulations to Michigan University and the wonderful team of professionals!
Insightful course for professional development to understand well how to lead a team. Excellent effort by the facilitators.
Succinct and to-the-point course. Easy to understand theory and many practical examples make this a very easy-going course.
The course have many channels which use in the course. It helps us have gained more knowledge and experience form reality.
I found this to be an excellent course, great new insights for me combined with necessary refreshers. Well worth the time!
Very well designed course. It was really helpful to understand techniques to motivate individuals and be more productive.
Fascinating course, great lectures and materials! I am very motivated to continue with the other courses in this program!
Course is very interesting from start to finish, gets you engaged as you can apply all skills learnt on your daily life!
I really enjoyed the course and it used example I could relate to. It gave me new insights and broadened my perspective.
This course helps me to motivate myself, the team I am working with and also my friends. Thanks for such a great course.
Excellent content to help us move the people in our organization to greater heights, therefore the organization itself.
Nice course..Fresh insights....helpful in theory..needs to be put into practice at work place to unlock the real value.
Excellent Course!! Especially the research based content creates a lot of authenticity about the substance & take away.
Great material and inspirational reflections to increase your wisdom, even if you are highly experienced in the field.
It was a pretty course that gives 360 view of individuals and how to motivate them, very fascinating to view the clips
Dear Professors Scott DeRue and Maxim Sytch,  Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge and time with us.Regards,
Useful for my work, Complete, well structured and supported by studies, surveys, etc. Finally, excellent Instructors.
Amazing course, It can help directly Managers to improve leadership and understand the real needs of each employees!
Excellent course for understanding real life scenarios faced in organizations and how we can improve upon henceforth
Excellent course, clear classes and good tools to lead and inspiring people. You can to put in practice immediately.
Great course and great instructors! I was able to learn and apply what I learn in real life scenarios! Very helpful!
very nicely done course, recommended for all people regardless of ranking. Reference material and videos are awesome
Covers theory and its application in a very straight forward and clear way. Enjoyable way to learn practical skills.
Loved the course, and getting more clear about intrinsic and extrinsic motivators, and how they influence on people.
Perfect notions well explained by good teachers, it is really what I wanted to learn so thank you for this course !
If you want to learn how to inspire and motivate individuals, this course will do it for you, quickly and easily.
This course provides simple and yet insightful topics on how to be a leader who motivates and inspires the team.
Great course, still going through it but I have learnt so much so far. A must if you manage a team on your role.
Good course to provide general concepts on leadership and provides good information that can be applied at work.
Thank you so much for this useful and practical course. I am sincerely surprised how smoothly this is presented.
It has been a good eye-opener and insightful refresher course to understand the people aspect relevant to team.
Very good course. This make me prepare for future learning, and I get some skills to motivate my club members.
This course get inspired me to be motivated and getting better at work, in my projects and with my colleagues.
It was a pretty complete course to learn skills and strategies to manage, inspire and motivating individuals.
Really well taught and with correct balance of peer assignment review needed to understand the level achieved
Thank you for helping build my career on the basics of the principles to Inspiring and Motivating Individuals
Great course.  Engaging, informative, and practical.  I can begin to use these skills on the job immediately.
Wonderful course from wonderful professors including many scientific works and real life examples.Thank you.
Not a day goes by that I don't use the skills I learned to help people become better versions of themselves!
Interesting and educative course.The Instructors were almost perfect.Recommended for every management staff.
I really enjoyed the course. I have a newfound understanding of inspiring and motivating others. Thank you.
Amazing Course! It has really broadened my understanding of key concepts! The videos are a great resource.
Excellent experience about the learning of Inspiring and motivating individuals thank you for everything.
This is an amazing course which gives an insight on how the team members could be inspired and motivated.
Great course really enjoyed it and learnt a lot from it. Both Professor's were well spoken and made the s
Very good content, interesting, inspiring, somehow challenging assignments. Meets my expectations so far.
Great Learning experience.Highly recommend this to learners who want to improve their leadership skills.
A very useful and relevant course for anyone leading a team. Does not have to be a CEO it can be anyone.
I truly enjoyed this course. It helped me a lot as a supervisor on how to inspire and motivate my team.
This course has helped me to improve as a person and as a leader and to think in a broader perspective.
I loved this course, very refreshing and motivating in itself helps encourage me to be a better leader.
Feel Great to complete this certificate. This program has enriched my learning skills.Thanks Everyone!
This course is well presented, and the assignments are really helpful in developing leadership skills.
The course is inspirative and informative. Hope that following weeks will have same or better quality.
Very useful if what you want is to inspire your team members and guide them wisely through your vision
Very good course must to attend if you are a supervisor or a manager or anyone with a team to manage.
I have learnt a lot about motivating individuals from this course! Thank you University of Michigan!
Amazing course. Would be great if creators will keep updating it with the most recent data and stats
Best leadership course I've taken to date. Able to apply many concepts to work almost immediately...
Good inspiration and motivation for self and teamwork. How it will be improve to us we are learned.
excellent assignments and lessons! makes the quiz ultimately all the more easy at the last! thanks!
Thanks Mr Scott DeRue &  Mr. Maxim Sytch. You are one of the best. Enjoyed and learned thoroughly.
EXcellent!! easy to follow, interesting, scientifically based, loved it in general!!! Thank you :)
i feel confident and enlightened thanks to coursera giving valuable thoughts amdist turbulent time
Truly learned a lot from Scott and the team, can't wait to continue the rest of the specialization
Amazing course for an leader seeking to understand how to effectively inspire and motivate teams.
I loved this course, really taught me how to motivate my team and see what a good boss should be
fantastic Course it is , really was very collaborative and  help improving my leadership skill.
I really humble to do this course. It’s very effective for a learner. Thank you for everything.
Learned a lot of helpful information to become a better teacher to my students and to my peers.
excellent course, a huge value has been added to my knowledge, skills,even my English language.
Really enjoyed this course! Learned quite a few principles that I would be applying in my work.
100% effective, very helpful and design to have not only the theory, ready to put in practice.
Eye-opening and truly inspiring course with lots of solutions for anyone who is a team leader.
Well structured and brings out nuances of motivating individuals in a team or an organization!
very inspiring and motivating. It gave a lot of knowledge and I will go on with their courses
Excellent curse, I find it simple to learn and very good and smooth. I really happy with it.
A very well thought course deeply based on research. It will surely change the way you lead.
Very informative course, trainers communicated the topic really well and used great examples
Fantastic Course, learned new things, which will be beneficial to develop new competencies.
Exceptional. Great instructors, great structure and very useful lessons to apply instantly.
Very positive course with interesting examples and funny videos. I have enjoyed its taking!
A must course for anyone working with and managing teams.  The professors are simply great!
Great course with proper understanding of inspiration vs. motivation, with great examples!
It was a great course that gave me a vision of leadership and motivation with my work team
This was my first time taking a course in this format and it far exceeded my expectations.
Faculties are best in class. I will recommend this course to my nearest and dearest ones.
The lectures are applicable to my work. Highly recommend it to people working with teams.
This is a fantastic course! It´s really helping me to improve my skills as a Team Leader.
It was an amazing opportunity for me. I've learned a lot and looking forward to do more.
Very clear and to the point course. I could use the subjects almost directly in my work.
Extremely practical. I'm already applying many concepts and the experience is wonderful.
Extremely useful course. I got my MBA 11 years ago and this was an excellent refresher.
I really liked the concept and the way it was delivered with great examples. Thank you.
Thanks to this course I want to build my team with excellent condition for all empoyes
One of the excellent course for any person and worth to be attended and participated.
Greate course. It has open insights to my leadership and definetly improve my perform
Great course. You will learn lots of things from this course about managing your team
Thank you so much to the instructor for instructing Ana Pelayo.Thank you, Ana Pelayo.
Great course  Easy to follow along with and professors explained everything very well
Excellent course. If you want to become a better leader, I definitely recommend it !
Nice explanation of practices that are useful when managing and working with a team.
It helped me as a newly promoted manager to understand better my role with my team.
What an excelent course, I learned a lot about how to motivate and inspire my team
great material, very practical and realistic, great presenters. highly recommended
It is really an amazing course if you're interested in Leadership and Management.
Well thought out and very useful information and training.  Can be applied to any
Thank you and its a great learning through videos and the support provided by the
I recommend this course to everyone, the themes are perfect the teachers are pro
Very interesting and useful course! It gives you a different view of leadership.
Its really very informative course, it has provided very details overview and re
Very engaging class - I absolutely would recommend to anyone working with teams.
Loved the teachers. Loved the context. Very clear explanations. Happy with it !
This is a great course to explore how you communicate and interact with others.
The concepts are extremely clear and useful for the daily practice of a leader.
Very interesting and valuable course and also it was more than my expectations
Loved it - inspirational! Taught me a lot and gave me tools for my day to day!
It is a so good course recomended for people who is in charge of some personel
Excellent course. I learned a lot of new things and the course is not boring.
Fantastic course, it has been a unique experience so far, thank you Coursera.
Both tutors are amazing! They teach with real life examples. Loved Reading!!
Very Nice Course and got lot of benefits by choosing this course. Thank you.
Great content. A mix of traditional and modern approaches. Enjoyed learning.
Lot of hard work and planning by the entire team. I am grateful to everyone.
Great, transversal, with common biaises,  actionable plan and good insights.
Very good course, I would recommended specially to supervisors or managers.
I enjoyed this class and the info I received, both instructors were great!!
Great course and very useful especially if you hope to lead teams one day!
Great materials! Good breakdown by the week, really appreciated the class!
An excellent course with a lot of useful and practical insight. Thank you!
Its been an amazing learning experience. Thanks to the knowledgeable team.
Excellent course. The faculty was extremely good, and teaching was great!
I really appreciate this course, clear, practical with a lot's of tools !
Very enrichring and motivating... Thank you so much for the opportunity.
Excellent content. What's more, it is relevant. Thank you Scott & Maxim!
EXCELLENT COURSE ON LEADERSHIP AND MOTIVATION. KEEP IT UP.  GREAT GOING.
Easy to understand this course and learned more thinks about this course
A lot of interesting and useful information, very charismatic lecturer.
insightful, practical, great for adding to your professional experience
Great course to understand how to communicate your message as a leader.
Excellent course! Just miss feedback on the assignments from teachers.
I have found the course and the assignments pretty useful for my work.
I enjoyed this course and look forward to the next one in the series!
Provided substantive and data supported information with specificity.
Really putting me in good perspective in leading team with confident
Brilliant course, as is the whole specialisation. Thank you so much!
excellent, practically oriented, good lectures and resource persons
One of the best courses I have been taking in this platform so far!
Great content. Actionable tactics. Interesting feedback assignment.
One of the most interesting and exciting courses I ever experience.
Great course and I would definitely recommend this course to others
Excellent course.  Will highly recommend to any one leading a team.
Great course! Very well put together, educational and interesting.
Great information. Great instructors. Thank you for offering this.
It is very useful course, who want to know about managing people.
i learned a lot and hoping for more insight in line to leadership
Amazing course! Very useful to new or recently promoted managers!
it was a great experience for me and a good learning opportunity.
Great stufflooking forward to continue going through the material
Very well structured course, with a lot of real time assignments.
I love the combination of the theory and experiences like Menlo.
a very helpful course to be a great person and a leader overall
Amazing! Instructors with speeches  and mastery of the subject.
Very good course for learning leadership and people management
Awesome course inspiring individual and motivating tam members
Great understanding of how to keep the human capital in place
Very very very good, worth all the time and money you invest.
a very nuanced course on goal setting, visionary leadership,
Good instructors, good lessons, overall a fantastic course.
Perfect course. Very well structured and easy to understand
Top value, excellent program and you managed your own time.
Learning through this course has been indulging thanks team
Great course for having a first glimpse at team management!
there is clear points and i really benefit from this course
Well thought material, presented in clear and concise form.
Great course, great lecturers, very clear and eye-opening.
Teachers are very good, the information is well presented.
Very relevant and well grounded course. Highly recommended
Very professional, very profound. Excellent presentations.
One of the best course of leadership that i´ve ever done.
This the best course that assisted me to inspire my team.
Best on the topic of inspiring and Motivating Individuals
Thank you so much. It such a wonder learning experiences
interesting and useful knowledge included in the course.
Loved the instructors and how the course is interactive.
A very well done course from the university of Michigan
I think this is the best course in Coursera. That is it
professor Derue is a legend to be hones, True leader :)
So far, so good! I am exciting to start the evaluations
Useful course for my influencing and motivating ability
Very useful, clearly explained, very engaging lecturers
Well Planned and Good amount of stuff..Great learning.
Great introduction to leadership in a work invironment
An excellent course to develop your leadership skills.
Very informative for someone who is in leadership role
thank u 4 giving me a good opportunity in this course.
I absolutely love the way real-life examples are used.
For a new aspiring leader I found this course helpful.
Awesome teachers, and referential videos, movies, etc.
i got alot of information from this course. Thank you
Good Course. The assignments can be better explained
Well paced, interesting, informative and applicable.
Excellent tools provided!!! Absolutely recommended!
Very much hands on excercises and inspiring topics.
Very excellent module of learning for Professionals
Very helpful course to improve communication skills
Very interesting course, I learned so much from it.
Very good course. It has changed my way of thinking
It was an amazing experience throughout he course.
Excellent Course for Individuals and Professionals
Excellent course material and learning experience!
Very good course for new leaders in organizations.
Great learning will apply to my daily leadership.
Enjoying this course with cup of tea.The course a
great content and useful knowledge, in real work.
Very well explained and explanation was amazing!
excellent course . inspired and motivated myself
Very useful information presented in the course.
I really recommend this course, super good one.
I've learned a lot of useful things. Thank you.
REALLY ENJOYED IT AND LEARNED A LOT! THANK YOU
Very  Interesting and informative to evey one.
Really like this course and professor. Thanks!
Very interesting, exciting and helpful course.
satisfied and very informative-usefull course
Very useful course for Leadership development
Complete course and very rich in information.
Great course with an extra ordinary content.
Thought it was well organized and presented.
Learned a lot. Good instructors and content.
Great course and a lot of great information!
Very relevant information for leading a team
This course is really helpful to me. Thanks
Perfect, good materials, ideas and content.
really a great course to become a leader!!!
Good Course of Inspiration and Motivation.
This is a great course so far - loving it.
very good course , thanks to the provider
Awesome course! Very very very practical!
Very interesting, informative and direct.
Very applicable and engaging assignments.
Truly valuable content, very complete !!
Perfect course to get knowledge in depth
Wonderful course by amazing professors!
Excellent course and highly recommended
Awesome course.  Recommend to everyone.
High quality course. Thank you so much!
Great class, would recommend to anyone.
One of the best courses on leadership.
Very interesting and inspiring course!
On the best courses i have ever taken.
Great course with practical knowledge.
Great course, interesting and helpful.
very practical and useful for managers
very good, learned on team management
Overall a very good course! Thank you
Great content, practical and useful!!
Fantastic content. Engaging Delivery.
Very effective lectures and exercises
Scientific/research approach. Love it
Really great insights and techniques!
I am so lucky to take this course 🤩
I have enjoyed learning this course.
This course is so Fun and beneficial
Very good course with great content!
Excellent Course. I enjoyed too much
Very interesting, I will recomend it
Very interesting and engaging course
I always rate this website and their
excellent course and worth learning
Easy to navigate.  Great takeaways.
Very insightful & practical content
excellent course. thank you so much
Excellent professors and materials!
very good for personal development
Good Learning for self development
Very useful course, with excellent
Amazing teachers, amazing methods.
Lovely course, highly-recommended!
The best course ever so far for me
Good content and good Teachers !!
amazing cars and amazing speakers
Great information in the course!
helpful course for growth in car
Great and very inspiring course.
Good Course, Learnt good things
Very like this course excellent
I have learn from them , and th
Excellent course and teachers!!
Very complete course! Amazing!
I learnt a lot at this course!
Very good content, well paced.
one of the best online courses
ENJOYED LEARNING THIS COURSE!
very good course, thank you.
liked it. cant wait for more
great experience of studying
Good course- glad I took it!
This was an amazing Course.
Great and practical course.
Great course! Learnt a lot.
Great course, I learned lot
I was completely satisfied.
Overall the course in good
Absolutely perfect course!
Key to Excel, enough said.
It is a wonderful course.
Great course, enjoyed it.
Inspiring and Motivating!
HIgh quality knowledge!
Good course.  Thank you
It was wonderful course
inspiring, great course
Excellent for everyone.
Good Course.Thank you.
Its very usefull to me
Such a nice course 😊
Inspiring lecturers !
Inspired me so much!
Good Experiences...
Fucking terrific C:
Excellent Learning.
Great, very useful
love this stuff
so for so good.
Wondeful course
Greaat so far!
It worths!!
Top notch
It wa
