I am surprised that it was a 4-week course. It could have been condensed to 1 slide stating "Go read a few books and if you're stuck, consult Stackoverflow". I cannot believe the average score that this course got and I mean that literally: I can't believe those are real numbers.  There are no course materials, except some crappy unformatted transcripts, the speed is ridiculous and didactically it's a disaster. I now feel sorry for given Andrew Ng's course on Machine Learning only 3 stars, compared to this it should have received 7 stars.  PS I have 30 years of experience in teaching data analysis and statistics, both in industry and at university and I have 35 years of programming experience.
It was the worst experience I had in coursera. The video content is too general and has little connection with assignment. The assignments are challenging but poorly organized. Students are encouraged to search and self-learning, which is irresponsible and inefficient. I register the course to learn things systematically and save time! I spent about 8 hours on searching desperately for each assignment. My passion for Python and Data Science almost disappear.  The version of pandas used in this course is 0.19.2, which is not convenient for using some functions. The assignment is not explained after grading. I had no idea about how well my solution is and whether there is a better way to do it. (The forum may be useful, but it took too much time for searching suitable answers) I have learnt Java before and had little experience in Python. Maybe it's the reason for the longer commitment on those assignments. However, as a former teacher, I do suggest some improvements on the pedagogy in this course and take more responsibility for the students.
Extremely dissatisfied. Lectures are useless and the instructor didn't put any effort into designing a curriculum. After struggling for days on the second assignment I purchased the recommended text for the class. Week 2 effectively starts at chapter 7 in the book. Instructor needs to replace his absurd amount of face time some slides showing the application and logic behind the methods he is trying to use. Jupiter notebook is a tool designed to make the instructors job easier, doesn't help the student at all. I could go on but this course has drained the energy from me. FYI, half the people that complete (or attempt to to complete) this course don't continue on with the specialization. This should speak volumes.
This is not a course, rather just guidance to use StackOverflow. The trainer Prof. Brooks is highly unlively and plainly reads out/speaks some statements. He teaches only 10%, remaining 90% you need to explore on your own. The Assignments have the most difficult questions and for solving them, students are not even given any getting-started questions, to begin with! If you wish to learn Data Science/Data Analysis then I would not recommend this course since it is not worth the time, effort and money. Also, the title of the course is devaluing the efforts we put it. The entire course is focused towards using Pandas to perform Data Analysis / Data Cleaning / Data Wrangling / Data Munging / Data Preprocessing and thus I would recommend that the title of the course should be one of these rather than "Introduction ..." which hardly gives any weight to what hard work this certification demands!In the brief course videos professor makes some hand gestures and the background shows the people working - both has no relevance and rather prove to be a distraction. Above that auto-grader comes with its own lot of problems which consume hours and days of all the candidates. This course is online for more than 2 years now and I doubt if Coursera really takes such feedback seriously and takes any action for improvement!Request Coursera / UM to go through all the reviews:https://www.class-central.com/course/coursera-introduction-to-data-science-in-python-6671
I have decided to drop this course. I have worked very hard on Assignment #3 for the course and can't seem to get back from the grader anything more than "Your solution file either prints output to the console (e.g. through the print() function, or it fails to run (e.g. throws an error). You must make sure that the py or ipynb file which you submit does not have errors. The output we received from the ipthon interpretor was:"  That's all I seem to get back.
I'm not sure you should be paying for a course where you have to search the Internet to learn how to do the assignmens. I could be doing that for free! Is the certificate worth it?
This is a terrible course. The "instructors" give quick little lectures, then we're told, for the somewhat complicated (for a beginner) assignments, to look things up on StackOverflow to figure out how to do the assignments. Um, no. I want a class so I don't have to tear my hair out dealing with the internet.The Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization was fantastic. They actually taught how to use R to do data science. I'd hoped for something similar for Python with this class, but I guess The University of Michigan isn't Johns Hopkins.
I found this course terribly bad and was the worst experience I had in Coursera. The instructor, rushes through few minutes of video explanations and then it is basically a learn everything by yourself by reading the panda documentation. If I wanted to learn things by myself reading the panda documentation, I wouldn't have taken the course! Like someone else mentioned, I registered the course to learn things systematically and save time! The assignments require us to do things in panda which where never explained in the lectures, nor it was explained how to do them efficiently. I managed to do everything through hours of research, but I'm pretty sure there are better, more efficient ways to code the assignments but these are not taught, the assignments provide no feedback and the forum too hard and time consuming to search for those answers! So what I learned was that I could either spend hours and hours cleaning the data store in Excel files in panda or few couple of minutes directly within Excel. Because the course is mainly a do everything yourself, it totally failed to show me the power of panda as a powerful tool for data science.
Very rare I write review. And this is rare course that teaches nothing. The lector explains nothing. "I encourage you self-learning. Read the documentation. Search google. Ask stackoverflow.com. If you don't know python, take another python course. If you don't know statistics, take another statistics course. I encourage you self-learning even more." - that is what lector sais to you.
I would not recommend this course at all.  I cancelled after week 2.  It is framed as an intro to data science but the teacher often packs too much information into each video without taking time to properly explain underlying concepts sufficiently.  The exercises often have issues in datasets that are not linked to current lesson which makes it confusing to follow along and you can spend hours searching forums to find solutions.  In addition, the course does not give sufficient insight in videos to help you with questions.  You have to search stack overflow and other sources to work out answers.  Whilst this is reflective of real life, for an intro course which is how this was framed, it is difficult for someone new to data science to master a concept whilst trying to solve for other non related issues searching the web.
I have been doing some coding in different languages and this is my first time in Python. I would say I am on intermediate level (7 years practice), but this course made me spend a lot of time on learning only a tidy bit. The course fails in the basic educational purpose: Provide theoretical lectures and apply it with practical experience. There was little to none connection between these two aspects. The exercises were also way too difficult vs the lectures. I would never recommend this course.My recommendation: Don't make the student spend too much time googling, and solving problem outside of the curriculum, but provide many easy questions as it is a introductory course. Also, Provide a better overlap of exercises vs lectures.
My take -- assignments for week 3 and 4 leave a bad impression. I am quitting halfway through assignment 4. I won't take another class in this sequence. I have taken ~10 online classes this year and only gave up on 2, including this one.I wasted too much time in weeks 3 and 4 cleaning data. When result dataframes have hundreds of rows it isn't trivial to scroll through them looking for problems. Time wasted on this would have been better spent on pandas. I get that data cleaning is a big part of data science, but this is a class not a job.A few questions tended to be vague on requirements but then very particular on what data is acceptable. The worst is getting a question wrong because the answer has type int64 and the grader wanted int. It doesn't help when the grader just says 'wrong answer' and there are no visible tests. The first question on assignment 4 is a good example of that. I did finish convert_housing_data_to_quarters, but from reading discussion forums that too has a few unstated requirements.There were also a few typos in assignments 3 and 4. Again, if you want my answers to be really accurate then invest some time to make sure your questions aren't ambiguous.This could be a valuable class, but you need to invest more in developing the assignments.
The class is mostly problem set focused with no feedback on what makes for good pandas code beyond it getting the correct result. Not a good resource for learning the pandas library. Very little teaching.
I was really excited about the this course, and was really let down. This course is really, really poorly done. I would not waste time and money on this course when there are much better options out there. I feel like I've gotten little in return for my time and money.First, there is no accompanying book (only slides).  A self-contained accompanying book is a valuable resource, helping students prepare for lecture, and serving as a reference manual later on (I still regularly use my Coursera book on introductory Python).  That there is no pdf reference for this class is indefensible (both of the other coursera courses I’ve had access to have had excellent self-contained books that followed the lecture). Instead, the student is directed to several other books they can purchase elsewhere.Second, as several other students have noted, the timeframe for assignments is really unrealistic, taking much longer than projected (at least for me, and several other students).  This is not acceptable when Coursera bills by the month. Coursera needs to provide a better assessment of the time commitments for the class.  Moreover, several of the in-video quizzes are disconnected from the material, often requiring extra research.  Consulting other resources is fine (it’s part of coding), but the point of the quizzes should be to give the student practice implementing a concept that was just introduced.Third, the teaching is horrific. The professor is not engaging at all, but simply mechanically reads lines which often sound straight out of a user manual.  The point of online videos is not to turn books into audio files- it’s to have a human talk/reason through problems with you. The teacher of the course should discuss the material, not recite a manual.  A great example of well-done online teaching is Dr. Chuck Severance, whose videos the teachers of this course would do well to consult.  In addition, the material is presented far too quickly.  Fourth, the title of this course is a misnomer: an introduction to data science would provide an overview of the tools, techniques and scope of the field.  An extremely detailed introduction to Pandas, which is essentially what most of this course is, is useful if well executed (which it is not here), but it is not an introduction to data science. A more minor complaint is the absolutely horrendous choice of the background.  Showing different permutations of lifeless office drones is not exactly inspiring material for aspiring data scientists, even if this the reality of office life- it’s distracting at best, and at worst, deeply disparaging. Why not have just a plain colored background? Or anything else?The experience of this class is making me question whether I will ever pay for a Coursera course again.  The amount of time I’ve wasted on pointless exercises is not warranted by what I’ve learned from this class- in retrospect I would have learned more just by purchasing one of the books referred to in the class introduction.
I do not recommend this course. If in the end you do take this course don't waste your time with the lectures, 90% of the homework doesn't come from the lectures. In fact the first line in every homework assignment is:
"This assignment requires more individual learning than previous assignment" This essentially translates into you using google to look up how to do the 90% of the homework they don't cover in the lectures. Also this course should also be changed to be "Introduction to Data Cleaning in Python" because you do more data cleaning than anything else in this course. I am sure this review will be buried behind all of the "top" reviews even though the most "helpful" reviews as voted by people in the course are all 1-stars.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS COURSE.
Wrost course I have participated in. The assignments aren´t solvable with the provided code. So one had to search and google for all snippets. That would be ok, if the assignment isn´t containing data cleaning every time. So you get an error if you won´t clean correctly and perhaps misses a whitespace. So a simple task gets complicated. And the worse thing is, some answers will displayed as correct but aren´t. So you won´t pass the next questions based on the previous questions. You should know regex quite well and some other tool to be not so much frustrated. Be aware the assignments are way harder then it looks like.
I cannot recommend anyone to do this course - it's ridiculously poorly constructed.  I have done four other courses on Coursera (including several other python courses) and all were excellent.  The quality of this course though is appalling in comparison.  FIRSTLY They do not TEACH any of the material.  Instead they simply list - very briefly - a ton of functions/ methods/ objects etc without providing any real details of how they operate.  Teaching the basics and then expecting the students to do further study and practice using those basics would be fine.  Spending 30 seconds or less on a function / method/ objects is NOT teaching the basics.   READING A TEXTBOOK on the topics covered was more effective then doing the course material!!!  What kind of modern on-line course is less effective at teaching a topic than a textbook?SECONDLY The autograder for the programming assignments is a joke.  I took the course to learn how to code successfully.  The autograder does not test that - it could not even get question 1 of assignment 3 correct.  Instead, the students are expected to read through the forums and then spend hours making ridiculously stupid adjustments to corrects for errors present in the autograder.  Seriously?  If you are not capable of building a autograder that works, don't have programming assignments that require an autograder.  But realistically, if you are not capable of building an autograder that works, you have no business offering an on-line programming course.REALLY disappointed.  This course should be removed until its quality is significantly improved - it detracts significantly from the Coursera brand name.  If this was the first course I had done on Coursera, I would have thought the platform rubbish and would never have done a second course.  Even now I am concerned about how many other of the courses are this unprofessional.  I've gone from being a huge Coursera admirer and advocate to now not being sure how much I will use (or endorse) the platform going forwards.
Personally I am rating this course at the lowest level possible. Here are my reasons for doing so:The course videos do not teach you much. The video lectures are super condensed and lot of information comes your way and actually trying that out on Jupyter notebook on the side easily takes 5-6 times. When you get down to the assignments, you will realize that videos only scratched the surface of the topic and in some cases some of the concepts to be used were not at all discussed in the videos.You have to learn by yourself, and your best friends are StackOverflow, Google, Python and Pandas documentation. Once you have researched and spent hours putting together the solution to assignments, you will spend more hours struggling with the autograder (At this moment, I am stuck for over two weeks with the autograder at Week3 of the course). If you get the autograder to work then also all you are just going to get pass/ fail result and there is no actual reinforcement that the way you tackled a problem was an efficient way of doing so.I would recommend this course only to someone who can spend 25-40 hours each week just studying for this course.
This course is not conducive to learning, but rather to getting results. I understand that in the "real world" programmers would simply search the web for questions. This is because they need to produce results for their companies. We, as students, need to learn. We are not taking the course to learn what it is like to be a programmer, but rather to understand how the programs work and how to improve our thinking skills. This course taught me how to navigate Stack Overflow and other online resources for Pandas. I was pretty diligent about  trying to understand what I was doing, but it definitely wasn't a requirement for the course. That is my problem: one could sneak by in this course without even understanding a thing. They could simply copy and paste code from the internet , tweak, hit submit  and repeat until they have a 100%. Just a small example, in the last question we do not have to interpret our results in any way whatsoever, just get results. This is not learning.The assignments are good and the TAs are helpful. They should be getting paid. The fact that we need so much help to complete the assignments should raise a red flag.
I found the lectures extremely dry and boring. The entire time I was watching the videos, I was just looking forward to the end. Meanwhile, the exercises were exceedingly difficult. I found myself using apply and groupby methods when they were only introduced in Week 2. Suffice to say, my first few hours on the course can only be describe as 'painful'.I would suggest to anyone reading this to watch Brandon Rhodes' Pycon 2015 lecture. It was way more engaging, and his explanation of concepts were much clearer. The exercises were well paced, and after spending 6 hours or so on both the video and the exercises, my mind has never been clearer on Pandas. I urge anyone who has been recommended this course to drop it IMMEDIATELY. Putting your time into YouTube and Stack Overflow will definitely be more beneficial.
This is simply the worst teaching i have ever seen. the listed requirements are not what is required. instead I ended up googling the possible solutions for 3 hours until i gave up - since there is also no additional material to add. I don't agree with the professors expectations we will just magically know more than he taught in the course. I am paying to be taught at an acceptable level, and this surely was not acceptable.disgraceful. He should not teach anyone anything.
This course was very frustrating.  Sometimes the instructor was clear and other times, very confusing.  The assignments were extremely difficult and included concepts that were never taught in the course.  Suggesting we use Stack Overflow for help instead of simply teaching the concepts in the course was extremely frustrating.  This is not an efficient way for most people to learn Python.
This course lacked written material to accompany the videos and the reference books are presented in a much different flow, so you are left to jump through books and posts to get through anything.  Having the content packaged and delivered in succinct format is what I was looking for and this did not provide that.
Absolutely terrible learning support. The professor does not supply helpful information what so ever for the assignments. He expects us to go out of our way to look up information on StackOverflow.com in order to solve the problems. His incompetence in actually demonstrating how this works is abhorrent.
I'm not sure how this course got such high reviews when 90% of the time you'll need to go to Stackoverflow to find out how to do things. The concepts "taught" were so basic and barely touched the surface of the required knowledge needed to complete the difficult assignments.
Lessons are not helpful if you start from 0 and want to learn. Had to search everything on my own. So what' s the purpose of them? Too little details and assignments too unclear. I came here to learn not to show that I already know.
I think most of the people mentioned that in the review. There is a HUGE gap between the lecture and the assignment. I am a beginner level of python and know some programming, and I feel really hard to work with the assignment, most of the content in assignment does not cover in lecture. Basically you need to google almost everything you need to finish every assignment. I have been struggling with that since assignment 2. SO what's the point to take a course, why not I just do the assignment directly and google everything. I hope you can change the content and adjust the conection between material and assignment. If you still want do keep the same assignment, try to give more detail in the lecture or have some examples. At least provide some prerequisite course before further into this course.
This course makes you give up on data science and MOOCs. Seriously, the content is poorly presented he keeps on speaking , telling 2-3 lines about a function and so on.I highly recommend stay away from this pathetic specialization.
Very fast pace, no clarity of the scope and poor leacturing
I would not recommend this course at all. This is for a number of reasons.The lectures are not really lectures, they are more of a narration of someone else writing code on screen, the intructor just whizzes through what's happening without giving any proper explanation (I cannot stress this enough). The limited explanation provided is just on what's happening on the screen rather than why we're doing it this way compared to any other way. There is also not enough guidance given in the lectures but told to just figure it out and go post on Stack Overflow. Anyone familiar with Stack Overflow should know, they *really* do not like beginners posting repetitive questions - so I find that advice from the instructor really odd.The courses makes use of Numpy, but gives zero explanation on what Numpy is and why we use it. It just dives into it by using Numpy arrays and expects you to either magically understand it or go learn what/why Numpy, from someone else.Speaking about assignments, a lot of the excercises require you to do something which hasn't been covered in the sessions at all. I understand giving a challene in assignments, but I would much rather prefer those challenges be related to things taught or from resources given / pointed to. But, unfortunately, you have to figure a lot out on your own and the videos are of no help.It also doesn't help that the assignment feedback is very lacking. The grader also does not tell you what answer it expects, so you have no way of knowing how far off your answer is.This is further not helped by the out-dated version of Pandas running (0.19.2). It has a 4 year old version. I tried to do the assignments locally, but then coming onto Coursera to find the methods I've used aren't supported. This causes further frustation with the "go learn on your own" approach, as every resource you'll find will be using methods/functions from the latest versions. You then have to spend hours more finding legacy methods for what you're trying to do (which, in practice, will be useless as you will always be working on updated packages)In my opinion, this course is not worth the money. I would highly recommend you trial its contents before deciding whether to pay for it or not.
Wish I could give it zero star.1- The lectures are extremely poor (read the most helpful reviews and you see that a lot of people share this opinion).2- Assignments are super difficult and not related to the lectures.3- Assuming that you manage to solve the questions, now you have to deal with their defective auto grader which is royal pain.4- They insist on using Jupyter (in my opinion a really messy environment). I used PyCharm which is the default IDE for python nowadays but their auto grader caused me so much headache.Overall, this course requires significant changes and more respect towards the students who spend a lot of time on it. For me personally, it killed my motivation for pursuing Data Science and taking more courses from this instructor.
This course is very difficult. This is first of all not a introductory course. The instructor teaches basic stuff but the assignments were look like mountain. It is quite impossible for a beginner to solve this type of assignment problems without having a very good background in python programming and data structure handling. I should recommend, the instructor should revise the course content. Please bring balance between what you are teaching and what you are expecting from student. After taking this course, I personally demotivated from taking further courses in this specialization. *********** I will recommend going for IBM data science specialization.********
Would give this class a half star if I could.  The material is covered way too fast and the assignments require knowledge of items not even mentioned in the class (let alone discussed).  If you know the material well enough to get through this class, you don't need the class.  The prof and TA refer to using Stack Overflow to figure it out early and often!  Found this class to be a waste of time and money.  I wanted to learn the material, but had to drop the class because I had no clue how to do the assignment after watching the lectures multiple times.
I have no idea who rated this class five stars. The lectures do not prepare you for the assignments and the auto-grader will grade your answer as incorrect if you return a 17 dtype='float64' and they were expecting a 17 dtype='float'. Also, there's absolutely no feedback on your work except from the auto-grader, so there's no opportunity to go back and see a more elegant way of writing your code. I managed to get 90%+ for every assignment, but it was only because I spent over 10+ on the homework assignments for the last two weeks.
The jupyter notebook made this a horrid experience.  Plus Coursera really doesn't want you to bother them with your silly questions, relying on peer-forums.  If you scroll through the week's discussion forums, many student posts go ignored.You can't drop the course past the second (I guess) week so the system will keep on keeping on long after you've given up on trying to figure out the janky notebook thing.Will not return to Coursera for any reason.  Breathtakingly bad experience.
This is definitely not an  introductory course. This is more of an intermediate level course.  The teachers explain complex techniques in one or two sentences. The notebook demonstration in the video lectures are also very fast. There is a huge gap between the contents in the lectures and the assignment questions. These points should be kept in mind while choosing this course. I think, I will not take other courses in this specialization.
This course is poorly organized, the instructor doesn't clear the most important basic concepts and pitfalls, instead just gives a brief through what can be done. The assignments are terrible, cannot state the problem clearly, didn't say anything about text files issues which causes submission problems, waist a lot of time on it.
This was the WORST course I have ever taken on Coursera.  The final exercise questions were not specific enough and the autograder SUCKED ASS. I couldn't even refer to a column in my dataframe after I closed the browser 3x and rebooted my machine and it still did not work. This course is a WASTE OF TIME. MOVE ON!!!
Very disappointed! The assignments are unclear. To complete the assignments, you need to google on each question especially in Week 2 and 3. If you go to "Forum" page, you could see that there are more than 1400 threads in Week 2,3, which means a lot of students ask questions. The course is really really bad!
One of the worst course I ever take in coursera. The instructor just writes codes on front of us without explanation.
terrible course please improve teaching efficiency and give a proper realistic assignments
The autograder wars made this a bad experience
Introduction to searching Stackoverflow
This is in fact the worst course so far. Mainly because of auto grader. Here are my reasons.Actually I did not complete the course at all. But I suddenly got a message saying that I have completed the course. I was working on the first problem of the 4th assignment. I did a provisional submission to see if my answer was right. Auto grader reported the grade for the 3rd assignment and said that I have passed the course. Any submission I did after that  was not graded at all.The assignments are not very clear. Looks like I had a older version of the questions while others had a different version. I was stuck in a particular problem because auto grader did not give me a clear feedback as to why I was incorrect. I wasted too much time on this already.The assignments require too much research outside what is covered in the videos. I don't feel that is right. The assignment requires that we research on Stack Overflow and Pandas documentation. I strongly feel that such activities should be performed only outside the course work when we try to solve real world problems. Course assignments should be reasonably given based only the materials covered in video. This was taking too much time.TThe discussion forums are not giving clear hints. When we are stuck in a problem, we are not able to proceed further. I still son't know the answers for certain problems because the coordinators do not explain the answers well. When we complete assignments we don't get to see the instructor's solution.   The video instructions were too fast paced. The instructors do not pause and explain critical aspects of the code.  Overall I am very disappointed with this course.  There are much better videos on Youtube and Lynda than this . I am sorry. I never thought it would be this bad. The first course on Python from University of Michigan was really very good.
Not sure whether this course is trying to reach data science or Python, but it does a poor job at both.The class is a light-speed tour through NumPy and Pandas, definitely not for the neophyte Python developer (which I am not). There's 30-40 mins of lecture each week that's basically lightly narrated typing into a Jupyter notebook with only the slightest bit of additional explanation about what the instructor is doing, although the material covered is substantial. There's lot of important details that are glossed over -- forcing the student to pause the lecture and do offline research to understand what just happened.Similarly, the assignments address and cover beyond the material covered, but the instruction is scarcely sufficient to understand the concepts required to complete them, so lots of Stack Overview and other research is required. And the automated grader, as expected, is completely literal so for complex problems, not much help in validating whether you're on the right track. Assignments take many multiples of the estimated time.And because even for paying students (such as myself), you never get access to an answer key even after the assignment is due, you have no idea how closely your solution conformed to best practices, even if you arrived at the right answer. For coding, this makes all of the difference, particularly with large datasets that could consume considerable computing resources if not done correctly. I'm told this is because of potential cheating by learners.How would I change this course? Simple: 3x more lecture material to actually explain what's going on, or down-scope the class so that the existing lecture time becomes adequate for the material.
Very poor course, badly taught and terrible value for money.  The lessons are brief beyond any form of reasonableness, the teacher seems completely unconnected with his students.  There is no detail at all and no logical progression.  I took and passed this course with a view to doing the specialisation but I'm not going to waste any more money on University of Michigan courses.  I've found similar courses on other platforms which cover the same material.  The assignments were awful, in some cases they covered material to be presented the following week, in others the questions were wrongly stated and did not match the output from the machine grading.  The machine grading itself gave you no clue as to where you went wrong.  I'm not talking about the odd question here or there, I'm talking about consistently throughout every assignment.  I don't normally, in fact ever, leave bad reviews, I usually just chalk it up to experience and move on but in this case, the course was so bad, I had to say something.  I've done two other courses on Coursera with Rice University and the difference to this course is huge, while I would wholeheartedly recommend the Rice Intro to Python courses, Don't do this course, it is not coherently presented or graded.  The mentors in the forum tried their best but even they had to admit the grading system was riddled with errors.  Absolute rubbish, avoid and spend your money elsewhere.
I have just completed this course. I have learned quite a bit about the pandas library and that has nothing to do with this course. The lectures seemed to be scripted; and extremely condensed. At best, they can be used as a sparse reference manual for some undefined subset of the pandas library. The assignment 4 instructions encourage googling things. Basically "go forth and figure it out on your own" ... why would I need a full course for that piece of advice? The autograder seems to forbid the usage of certain lines of code in  Assignment 4. It will reject your answer and give you no feedback whatsoever with respect to the reasons why your answer was rejected.As well, it has inconsistencies that will cost you time. The question on the recession_start() function will be graded as correct if recession_start() outputs a certain value, say x. Yet, in another question recession_start() is expected to output some other value y. Go figure. Not even a warning about it.So, to sum up the salient points:1. Autograder has holes.2.Extremely condensed scripted lectures and sparsely sprinkled with practical advice.3. Useful for letting you know that pandas exist. Disappointing.
This course is poorly done, and I'm sorry but in no way close to an intermediate level. Even knowing a fair amount of python, I struggled with learning from this course. I find it ironic that the teacher specializes in education and mostly sits in a chair and speaks code at you. There are very few visual aids to help. Furthermore, individual topics are not broken down well, showing you how to develop a mastery over the fundamental data objects like a data frame before moving on to the next. Code that is demonstrated is typed out unreasonably fast, and very few examples are done on how to properly access the elements in different ways. The video where the grad student/post doc spits out code 3 lines a minutes made me laugh at how ridiculous it was as if it were an explanation. I ended up very frustrated with this course, and I'm not convinced it's all me or my inability to learn. I suggest learning data science in python from another site, I'm already finding a different class much better and more understandable. Your mileage will obviously vary.
A very solemn warning for those working professionals who wish to add this valuable skill or change career, which is so in my case, DON'T spend time on this course! The problem comes from a very error-prone auto-grader system and an outdated pandas library used by this course. I understand the ability to research your solution in the absence of guidance is a valuable skill, which is what the course instructors claim. However, setting the student up with an outdated library where the student not only has to figure out how to search for their solution but navigate different library versions is just mean and irresponsible.If you are planning to be a programmer, I do see the value of grinding this skill out of you. But if you are a domain expert that wants to learn "Applied Data Science" which is what this course is supposed to be for. I do not see the value of dropping the student in the deep end and having them figure out version updates and learn outdated syntax.Our time is valuable, go learn from people who respect your time. I will.
Total disaster. I payed 315euro for this course. Course started on 24/10/2016. I faced with technical difficulties till this weekend. I reported this problem already many times.. Finally this weekend the Jupiter notebook worked and I started the first assignment. I spent many hours but still couldn't get solve the assignment. I read discussions, write post.. Searched on Google.. Read lots of document. I still couldn't get what the correct answer is the assignment wants. I realized that it is impossible to pass this exam. In the lectures they don't mention anything which will help you to solve this time consuming assignment by the way.. After having this terrible course experience this weekend, today (14/11/2016) I decided to apply for refund. But guess what I says 14 days have passed so I cannot get refund!!!!  Now I payyed 315 euro for nothing but disappointment!!!!
Anything but 'Pandorable'. My first programming class was 'Python for Everybody' by Dr. Chuck. It was perfect for a novice like me. Chuck was tough, but fair. I then moved on to this class. 'Intro to Data Science in Python' is the complete opposite of everything you'd want in a so called 'intro' class. Brooksy is impossible - no Dr. Chuck. He plows through course material like he's got somewhere to be causing you to re-watch each of his lectures multiple times. Proceeding to the assignments you immediately realize they aren't related in the slightest to the lectures you just consumed. This forces you to consult google, github, stackoverflow, your peers, and anyone else with an extensive programming background. That's all fine and dandy for, say, an advanced or intermediate class, but keep in mind, this is supposed to be an INTRO class...Good luck...
besides the major technical issues and lack of information before the postponed start of the course and minor technical issues, the way of teaching is well adapted to on-site classes where you can sit in study groups solving the problems together; the given examples have partly little relevance and do not help to solve the assignments and according to the staff the best way to solve assignments is by using google (or stackoverflow or whatever) - really?! somehow it seems they just took an on-site course, played with some fancy technical solutions and call it now a MOOC... they seem not really aware of the fact that on-site teaching and MOOCs require completely different types of pedagogic methodsamazing how the same university can offer both the best MOOC (Dr. Chuck's) and one of the worst (this one)
1)Auto grading for assignments worked on and off (mostly off). I spent far more time for the auto grading than the time I spent for actually doing the assignments and learning stuff. I considered quitting after the first week and had to really force myself to go on. 2) This course requires Python experience. This should be made more clear in the course description. I struggled a lot because I lacked Python experience.3) The instructors have pacing issues - especially the teaching assistant. They rush the important points.4) I think the difficulty level of the quizes and assignments is not encouraging learning. I considered quitting after the first week. I'd have easier and more motivating earlier quizes/assignments; then build up on them.
Lectures are useless. The assignments are good but the skill level of the material covered in lecture is like learning to crawl, and then you are supposed to be able to jump and dance when it gets to the assignment. Suggestions to bridge the gap are to look at Stack Overflow and various free tutorial sites, but that reduces the class to a packet of problem sets that I could get online for free. Not wasting any more time on this course. Severely disappointed in Coursera. I thought I could trust the content here but apparently they are satisfied releasing stuff that doesn't help at all.
Worse course ever. Materials don't provide enough information for performing assignments. Explanation is very short, general and isn't clear. Actually the course doesn't explain almost anything in Pandas structure, functions and approaches. As a software engineer I'm capable of solving complex problems. But here it's not about solving problems, it's about self studying and surfing Internet obtaining knowledge. What the course for?  Wrong column names, mistakes in formulas... Why the quality is so low?I'm really disappointed spending time for it. Have to cancel it on the second week.
The content of the course is adequate to python users with a beginner-intermediate level, but lectures are fast-paced and do not seem to be focused on the student. Instructors just comment functions and methods characteristics as if they were reading it from Pandas documentation. Before this course I did not have any Python knowledge apart from the specialization programme Python for Everybody from the University of Michigan, which was much more oriented to beginner students. I recommend some more experience to take this course.
Lecturer just regurgitates code out loud (completely worthless). You can't get answers back without paying for the course (fine but it would have been nice to mention that up front in the audit) so you get little feedback as you might want it.Many of the questions/code is impossible using only the python described in the course. I wanted to take this as a python refresher and it was a complete waste of time. The subject matter is perfect! But execution is abysmal.
The background for the lectures was really distracting. You shouldn't have people in the background ever. The lectures didn't provide the information needed to solve the assignments and the answers aren't given after the assignment is due. So the course doesn't really teach much by itself. You need to do a lot of extra googling on top of the lectures. In that case, you may as well do your own projects for free rather than $40/mo for inadequate lectures.
Serious issues with the assignment grading system will result in you pulling out your hair due to only getting credit for erroneous assignment grading system instead of learning.Literally have to read the discussion forums to figure out how to replicate the errors the grading system is looking for. Huge waste of your time.Wait atleast a year from this review to consider taking the course and pray they have finally edited it by then.
No or least support.Course Quality is great but problems with grader will left you with wasting your expensive time.Assignments are good but intend to go wayyy more beyond the scope and to learn from online materials though other sites.Grading system is not easy. You have the right answer but you'll need to waist hours to produce specific string for your grader to be satisfied.This i not an elegant learning process at all.
Horrible course. The instructor is reading the course from a prompter. '95% of the time, you see the instructor reading from the prompter, and two people working in the background. When they actually show the code the instructor is talking about, it goes so fast that it's impossible to read the screen. The instructor provides no motivation or background to what he says. He just rattles off the words in a uni
Instructor gives minimal examples and says "go look on stack overflow".  Then he proceeds to assign problems that don't really cover what the slides, lectures, or examples were on. If I all I was trying to do was just read some docs and look on stack overflow I wouldn't need to take this course now would I?Poorly translated and cryptic instructions for assembling furniture are better than what you get here.
The assignment is much more harder than what I learnt through these videos. I know the professor want us to learn more by searching on Google, but it really took me a lot of time to find the answer for every assignment! I attend this course only because I want to learn Python easier than self-learning, but this course make it become much harder for me and I even think of not futher my study in this area.
You will spend more time fighting the autograder than actually learning. You will learn more from youtube videos than this course. The only reason to do this course is for the certificate, even then, watch a youtube video or two before starting this course so that you can grasp the material. Also, before doing an assessment, watch the next weeks videos as the videos are a week lagged to the assignments.
I am an engineer and I use matlab and stata for data analysis and currently taking Machine Learning course by Stanford which is fabulous. I did not like this course for the following reasons: 1- bad course design structure 2- so confusing and inappropriate sequence3- super fast without providing any intuition 4- no fundamental explanation 5- course could be longer and spend enough time in each subject
This course is no good.Unable to run the assignments at my comfort. Half the time there is some issue in submitting the code in  jupyter and with hard pressed timelines at work this does not take me anywhere. As a data scientist with little programming background, it is difficult to enable our journey with this course.Sorry to say. This is a big disappointment for me.
This is not a course. The videos and resources provided do not provide sufficient insight to properly learning Data Science or even getting through the assignments. Content and assignments have rarely anything in common. I would have to spend more than 12 hours to solve one of the assignments. Do not recommend, you are better off leaning out of google.
The descriptions of assignments (especially 4) are not very clear. It wastes our time searching what's wrong (you can see the same question is raised up through the years in discussion forum), which always is just because the formatting issue that is not explicitly stated or different interpretations. The assignments should be extensively updated.
Not really an introduction course. The lectures are moving very fast, without really explaining the material. The assignments are much more complicated than the material learned during the lecture. Almost not related at all. I had to learn everything from google. Not for beginners!!! This course will take all your free time and will to live...
Waste of time. If you know python, you'll probably learn nothing new here. If you don't, the professor goes into WAY too high a level, and quickly, for you to actually learn anything. Moreover, he barely touches on why any of this is important, does not go over scikitlearn or numpy, both very important in data science / machine learning.
The courses/videos do not cover most of the topics which are needed for assignments. Have to Google or read lot materials in order to pass. Furthermore the videos are extremely boring as well. This course is not main for the learners who just started to learn Python, as this will demotivated the passion of a person to learn Python.
1. Very difficult to follow and I had to redo this course multiple times to understand the concepts.2. Feels like the tutor is just reading off a screen and not explaining a topic from his standpoint.3. The assignments and course topics are disjointed at times.4. Examples provided are rather complex and needs to be simplified.
The pace is too fast! I can not keep up with the course content :(I had studied "Python for everybody" specialization and "Python3 programming" specialization before. I thought I am now ready for this course but ....I am going to study some introductory books or find other tutorials first and then come back to this course.
A large disconnect between material and assignments. Video lectures not very good and much to short. Assignments had a lot of very annoying data cleaning etc as opposed to better understanding of data frames and pandas, while this is indubitably important in real data analysis it seemed a bit early to  bring it in.
Teaching material is poorly organized, and more of information covered in the assignment are not covered in the teaching material. It truly "self study" course. Just skip the video and dive into google. Even assignment question need lot clarification as well. Auto grading is a nightmare.
waste . your videos were useless cause you havent thought much . all the assignmnets were out of portions then what is the point of me seeing your videos if your assignments are all out of portions . worst course ever the only good thing is that the assignments were challenging
The instructor sucks. He writes codes in the video and does nor explain the logic behind it. i can find the code everywhere, what I need it to learn why we do it? Most of the time you find find yourself staring at the instructor's face, not codes and explanations
Terrible course. Assignments are extremely buggy and often touches on things not even explained in the lectures. Mentors are not active. Explanations are sketchy and not well paced. Do this course only for the examples in the Jupyter notebook.
This course was very dissapointing, the instructor only explains what is going on in the code and does not provide any explanation on how to structure lines of code. Professor Charles Severance is more engaging in teaching coding languages.
Lectures are brief, shallow and too compressed
Grader is buggy
Generally course is bad. I spent more time in Stackoverflow than here to find answers
I can read books and surf pandas docs by my own, what is the sence.
Just a waste of time
Worst Course ever.The assignments are way tougher than taught in the lecture.Complete and utter waste of money.Please improve the contents of the course and provide detailed list of various functions.
this course is horrible. The lecturer go through things so fast without emphasis, let alone highlighting the rationale behind of each things. Totally confused, worst class I have ever took in Coursera
Awful. The examples are boring, pace is slow, and instruction is little more than "go to StackExchange." Most course 'discussion' involves the clunky, bug-riddled auto-grader. Don't waste your time.
Hard to follow this professor. He reads off the script and reads really fast. I have a background in Porgramming but this is the most confusing programming class I have ever attended, sorry :(.
The examples are a bit too extreme head on, I have experience with python but the level at which this is provided is quite hard for anyone to jump in and it should not be advertised as such
This course is for knowing what you can do with python in Data science, definitely is not a course to learn python or for people like me who only had basic knowledge of python.
My opinion of this course has already been stated here: https://medium.com/@masseybr/university-of-michigan-introduction-to-data-science-in-python-course-review-50eb37f5ff0d
Course doesn't give you any tools to use, it only expects you to solve problems with the tools you find from internet. Buy a book, at least it is better.
instructor is too fast, video lectures are not enough and assignment questions are not clear which wastes much time just to understand the question
Videos only cover a fraction of the material needed to solve the assignments. Better off buying a book that explains the concepts in more details.
You're honestly better off getting a free tutorial online somewhere. I would only pay for this course if you absolutely need the certificate.
Course was full of bugs, learning material was much easier and simpler to understand than the tasks and assigments that were given later on.
The pandas software is out of date which caused me much stress and frustration in submitting assignments. PLEASE UPDATE YOUR SOFTWARE.
Videos doesn't help or prepare student very well for assignment. I had to study and found material all by myself. Unuseful
Among more than 20 MOOC followed, I guess this is the worst one. I won't repeat here the arguments of other learners.
Bad tutorial video, scattered teaching content, not corresponding homework, lack of material to review the  lecture
course too fast, they don't explain anything, just run through example. The worst course I have taken on coursera.
Unorganized and not very useful. The main goal of the course is for you to use Stack Overflow.....SAVE YOURSELF $
This course is a joke. Contents is very very poor. And you will have a lot of problems making the Assigments.
The instructor was pathetic. He is simply reading the text and not putting in any efforts to explain things.
The lectures are insufficient, the homework instructions are incorrect, the autograder is terrible.
pathetic course. Not for anyone who wants to learn python. Its for them who already know python
Instructor is not interested in teaching but just reading out the script
This course is not suited for beginners, who wanted to learn python.
Horrible. Explains nothingJohns Hopkins data science is FAR superior
Poorly organised. No helpful resource. Really sad course.
Vedio is useless, I only need to go through the code.
the teaching pace is very fast and not so clear.
Gap between lecture and assignment is too high.
Disconnected, too broad, could have been great.
Worst class ever! The instructor sucks!
Not exactly benefited.Too fast
autograding system is terrible
assigments are not clear
The speed is too fast
not good course
outdated
This course was a travesty. 1. The version of Pandas being taught is not the current version.... so good luck applying this anywhere OR searching for help. 2. The lecture material was wiffle bat level then the assignments were mack truck level 3. I am a professional developer, I know how to use stack overflow and pandas documentation to solve problems. I was looking for a fundamental grounding of the materials. 4. I do feel I came away with a basic understanding of using pandas and python, but that's because I spent about 100 hours looking up answers to every question on here. 5. The lecture is so superficial that you'd learn a python way to do something, then a pandas way to do the same thing, then another pandas way to do something, then that would be the starting block for the assignment that would use advanced concepts. As a result I know 9 ways to do something simple with no recommended best pattern or understanding of when to use one or the other--and they all kind of muddle together now, but then spent dozens of hours researching the actual answers to the questions. "This is the way I like to do xyz, because of this. There are 3 other ways you may see and I'll briefly show you them" would be great. 6. For how important it is, the distinction between methods that mutate data and methods that don't was pretty minimal. 7. The online exercise thing is worthless. It uses an old version of pandas AND there are certain code breaking idiosyncracies in the tool AND it considers a pandas INT wrong if it's looking for an INT but there's no requirement in the question and no discussion of how to transform these or if there's any reason to do so other than to make the autograder happy. Look in the forum, there's straight answers like "an upgrade broke this, so it is not expected to work" which is a bad experience if you spend a few hours trying to debug code before looking up the answer. IT shakes your faith in all the exercieses. 8. This may be a coursera thing, but I'm learning this for WORK, I need to be able to get stuff working on my local PC. I see the autograder makes things easier, but it's basically a similar but different API. I literally spent 1 hour converting my code so the online grader would run for every 2.5 hours of local coding I did. It's debilitating. 9. This is probably a coursera problem, but it's really difficult to find the question you asked in the forum. Since you can't get through most of this course without forum assistance, that hurts. 10. I feel like I got gas lighted. You cannot do this class without already knowing python. This is mentioned in one of the lectures after you've already signed up. He recommends the Python for Everybody course, but it is very unclear from the Course Description before you pay money. Here are quotes from it, tell me if you would expect this to teach you python: *"This course will introduce the learner to the basics of the python programming environment", *"including fundamental python programming techniques such as lambdas", *"SKILLS YOU WILL GAIN: Python Programming". Then the forum is peppered with answers that say "This is not a python programming class". So... SUMMARY: This was my first coursera experience, I was very much looking forward to it and it really shook my confidence in the site. I did learn how to work pandas, but would have done just as well with a list of problems and a google. The "16 hours to complete" took me over 2 weeks of full time work--roughly 100 hours--due to both this disconnect between the lecture and the assignments and to the difficulties transforming working local code in a modern version to a buggy online grading system working on an old version of python but with some patches that also render legacy forums only 80% useful as well. The lectures manage to be both superficial and confusing (because they take a superficial topic then jam 4 ways to do the same thing into 30 minutes). And despite the course description you do not learn an intro to python here, just to data science. I will be trying one more coursera course, basically because all the other reviews on here say this is an abnormally poorly run one, but if they're all like this I will return to pluralsight soon.
The course is a great course in terms of the knowledge and experience of the instructor and the helpfulness of the staff. I gave it 2 stars for two reasons.1) The videos are deceptively short. In MOOC instructional design, you normally design short videos because the attention span of an online learner is tends to be much shorter than an in-person university student. However, in this course, even though the video is short, it is really 5-10 times longer because they speed over the equations and teaching so fast that you have to pause and replay and rewind and replay several times while trying it yourself. So the timings are not truly accurate. If you were actually teaching it in a classroom with actual students you would go much more slowly. In this case, I wish they were more honest with the times by actually typing the code in real time while teaching. I would have preferred a lecture to make it more digestible.2) The hardest thing for me about the course was the fact that instead of practicing computational thinking within data science (decomposition, algorithmic thinking, etc.), I was really just searching on stack overflow for how to put it into python. It's poor instructional design to only teach somethings and expect students to complete assignments without giving them all the tools they will use in the assignment. It would be ok if it were an accidental mistake, but this seems to be purposeful. This happened not just in course assignments but sometimes even in mid-roll video-overlaid quizzes where the answer was something not explained or taught or shown. This was really strange to me and caused a huge amount of time to be spent searching online or trying mid-lecture problems to no avail. It cause all the timings of the course to be off (#1 caused the video timings to be severely off and #2 meant that the course assignment estimates were HUGELY miscalculated). Good instructional design would mean that the professor should show all the tools one could use to faithfully complete and achieve the assignment. For some reason that was avoided again and again in this course.Great material though. I loved learning. I just wish it were better structured and supported and that I learned more about the work rather than just searching online for how to write something.
Well, first thing I am going to say this is not going to be looking good, however correct me if I got anything wrong or being unfair.To be honest, I am very frustrated with this course! It is a very good topic that I am very interested and that's the reason I am enrolled , but the support and the structure of it is very disappointing!Example like this(https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-data-analysis/discussions/weeks/3/threads/0kwIpLJDEeawPhIF4bjuNg), question is not even specified and waste me so much time looking for the requirement and post discussion board and wait hopefully somebody is going to reply!Same for the ScimEn file , which again the file name was not specified in the question!From last secession, assignment two have lots of confusing around what exactly the question is asking about and again lots of time being wasted just to figure out the question!The support is poor as well, not like other course , I would usually get a answer within the same day , but this one is really when you are lucky! Plus the staff rarely response!In short, I hope the staff of the course would see this. This is a good topic but the course are poorly designed with very limited support!I mean if you are truly love the topic , you should pass on the passion to your students and design the course that students not only learn the material in the course but also can know how to ask questions and find out the questions themselves ,but first like learning any skills students needs to ask lots of questions ! I am not going to mention that ,coz even the question in the course is full of error !!Unless, the whole purpose is to make some money , then it make sense , however if it is that case , I am not going to enrol in this course any more.
After having done quite a few other courses from UMICH (mostly taught by prof. Charles), I had high expectations from this one. I must sadly say I am extremely dissapointed.1) The course itself doesn't teach anything. The videos basically say: "Here's pandas. It has functions. Good luck". If you want to learn what to do, you are encouraged and have to search it online, because such materials are not provided in the course. In my opinion it cannot be called a course, if all it does it says "Hey, there exists this thing called Python and Pandas. If you want to learn about it, go do it somewhere else. You're welcome! "A responsible course would provided well strucured materials for students to study. Videos showing a proff. reading off slides are not particularly useful.2) Assignments are messy and it seems not much thought has been put into them. Whilst I do like the challenge itself, spending 3 hours figuring out why the autograder gave me no points is completely useless and frustrating: you get no feedback, no hints, no nothing. Eventually you may be able to find some hints on the forum, but seriously....those 3 hours could be way better spent on some actual materials, rather then trying to figure out a formatting issue.I could go into more detail, but you get the idea. I was really excited about this specialization, but I will not continue with it. Again - I've nothing against a challenge - so a more difficult curricula - but I cannot work with a completely lack of curricula and structure , as well as materials.
This is not my first time with the University of Michigan, I have completed both the "Python for everybody" and "Python 3 programming" specialisations; and i must say , this is an assignment course, the material is rushed (if you are just talking about 10 pandas methods in an 8 minutes video,; you need to review your pedagogy). Paul resnick , dr.chuck and steve oney are really good teachers, they go into the details.But i don't know if he was forced to , but Christopher brooks doesn't  seem to bother with explanations (you should learn everything on stackoverflow; well guess what ...i came to coursera for the material not the assignments).He had already done that in the 5th course of the python3 programming specialisation(sometimes explaining code without showing it),it took me 5 days to complete that assignment(notebooks crashing for no reason i ended up using my own but i guess this has to do with the platform ) .some more pedagogy and slower ,deeper explanations are required for this course.Not worth the time nor the attention.Just learn on Youtube and Stackoverflow or some other ressources(like the many books provided in this course) then once you are ready, pass all the assignments(which are great ,if the material needed was covered this course would be perfect)
This class is an absolutely horrible experience for those of us new to programming and data science. For a few of the assignments, you are asked to return a dataset based on the merging of multiple data sets. A better approach would have been to have a checkpoint at each step to ensure the resulting data frame met the requirements.  For example, if the data set needed to be ordered in a certain way with the header formatted a certain way, then let's have a separate checkpoint for the order of the values and yet a different checkpoint for the header values.   The staff needs to understand that having the correct answer at each step of the process is not a bad way to help the student know if his/her code is correct.  After all, the staff can easily modify the dataset read in by the student's code after submission to ensure that the student did not use any hardcoded values.Despite the frustration with the Coursera platform, I can honestly say this is the most fun subject I've had in a long time. But the format selected is absolutely horrific and not conducive to learning and understanding the material.
The main focus of the course is the introduction of the Pandas (series and data frames) library, which is very useful in data analysis. The last two assignments are quite challenging and time consuming, if you are not familiar with Pandas. Why the poor review: I'm sure that the intention of the teacher (Prof. Brooks) is for the student to be challenged and obtain familiarity with several "advanced" functionalities of Python. When I had finished the last assignment I felt that way, but not due to the lectures (only ~2.5 hours all in all). The pace of these lectures is too fast (probably because they are scripted). The teacher should slow down a bit and show some more examples (for inspiration watch Prof. Andrew Ng from Stanford lecture on machine learning). I'm not suggesting to show explicit solutions of the assignments, but just a few more examples such that the transition from lecture to problem solving is less "frustrating". Furthermore, the students are paying $79 for this course expecting thorough lectures on the topic. Reading the documentation of the Pandas library can be done for free...
Read the reviews carefully before signing up for this course.I would not recommend this course to anyone. It is branded as an Intro course, but it is anything but an intro course. The instructor whips right through the material without much explanation as to the how and why of what he is doing. Then when it came to the assignments, the assignments were way harder to the material covered, and I spent hours pulling my hair doing research on StackOverflow and GitHub just to figure out how to get the data sets to work correctly so the auto-grader could pass my problem. I ended up dropping at the fourth week because I knew I couldn't finish the project without referencing other people's work on GitHub and there was very little instruction on how to set up and do the final project effectively.There have been very few courses in my life that I felt utterly defeated by, and this is unfortunately has been one of them. I am going to pursue other data science courses on Coursera and other resources that are better suited to the beginner.
Dire, absolutely dire. If you like the following; A. Spending longer endlessly searching the forums for answers than anything else and still not necessarily finding them B. Wasting time getting the right answers only for an autograder to decide an answer that hasn't been touched for an hour and was right, is suddenly wrong (not a great advert for a language you want to use to automate this, is it?) C. Reading countless posts voicing a lot of similar frustrations to this D. Lectures so brief you may as well not bother E. Interpreting "assumes some knowledge of other languages" as "you best be great with these other languages because these lectures won't really help you" F. Wasting yet more time on the forums where answers to one post go totally off track so you're left hunting for a needle in a haystack of replies for something that may or may not be of relevance. If these things are truly your bag then this is the course for you. If not, then do yourself a favour, go elsewhere and find a different course.
This course is a real waste of time! Please avoid!!The lecturer in general teaches nothing. He explains some basic concepts. You can learn them in a 5 minutes YouTube video. Then, you should answer the detailed/technical coding assignments. The assignments have nothing to deal with the lectures. The lectures have zero to very limited coding explanation. Then, there is an outdated picky auto grader that grades your work. You will spend hours finding out that your code is correct, but the auto grader works with libraries very old versions. I learned nothing from the lectures but I passed the assignments with 90, thanks to StackOverflow and online resources.I am wondering who gives this course 5 stars. Fake reviews?
As a beginner,This Course theory is very good and can be understood with a little of Python Basic Programming skills cuz of the 1st week notebook and theory provided.and coming to the other weeks,the theory was good but short and faster explanations ends you up in a dilemma.I personally feel that this course is highly recommended for the purpose of 'THEORY ONLY' != 'Assignments'. If you want to work on assignments you'll end up loosing your mind,and for the assignments I recommend people to just checkout Stack Overflow or the discussion forums or Github to answer them.Definitely You won't be able to grasp everything in here,so I prefer and refer you people to checkout courses on 'PANDAS' to work explicitly.
I was quite disappointed by the almost total inaccessibility of the staff in the discussion forums, the unconquerability of the autograder for most of the assignments (losing points for no discernible reason, with all resources exhausted), the lack of a stats module for the specialization, and the lack of education, really. There is value in asking students to learn on their own, but this course goes much too far with that, giving problem sets that are virtually unsolvable without prior experience in data wrangling in R or some other data language. This leaves serious, hardworking students with little choice but to troll the forums for solutions. Hardly the best way to learn the intricacies of this subject.
I have loved using Coursera to learn Python and have really enjoyed the Python University of Michigan courses I've taken so far. Unfortunately, this is not one of those courses. There is no accompanying textbook or reading, only videos and then practice code. The instructors in the videos don't provide any explanation of the syntax, and simply tell you what the code says which you can already clearly see. Basically they read the course syllabus and the lines of code to you and provide no explanation, i.e. "today we're talking about lambdas, here is code where we're using that." You may as well google articles about each topic in this course and you will probably gain more understanding of these concepts.
I have a decent knowledge of python, this course tries, initially to introduce Pandas.  In my opinion, the way they try to do is bad.  The material is not available, so, no way to reproduce on the student side the examples.  During the course, there are also some small checkpoints to see if the example were clear enough.  Honestly, without data sets, without proposing (many) exercises, it seems all useless.  They expect that the students get everything immediately (they claim that you don't need to know the lambda function, but expect you to get in in 2 minutes of a lesson).  I discontinued this.  I will check for other materials, books, and more to deepen my data science knowledge in python.
This course is a really bad introduction to Data Science. You do not learn how to code for Data Science, they just give you a list of functions without really teaching you how to use them. Then in the tests you get tested on a lot of things that were not explained and you end up searching how to do most stuff on Stack Overflow. I came here to learn stuff in an organised way, not to learn function after function. The things tested in the exams should be about what you teach, and not whatever you want. This course asumes you have a background in Python and also a background in using it for Data Science, which basically means it is not an introductory course.
I wouldn't recommend this course to people who only read the material and answer the exercises, I wouldn't recommend this course at all!!, Run and don't look back, if you want to learn pandas libray (that is the focus of this course) better go to other courses because the material lacks the deepness necessary to pass the course. If you like to learn purely by yourself and read past threads from forums to resolve your doubts then this course can expand your knowledge of the pandas library and managment of data in the python language but at cost of your time, pain and sweat of trying to understand in the first place why you took this course.
Very disappointed and honestly shocked that this course has the rating it does.I enrolled in this course expecting to be taught.  Instead, I have to pause lectures every few seconds to find a free YouTube tutorial or Stack Overflow article that actually explains the content that the instructor mentioned (because he never goes to a level of detail necessary for what can be reasonably considered "teaching").All this leaves me wondering:  Why am I paying for this?I cancelled my subscription to the Specialization after taking a look at Assignment 3 and have no intention to finish the course.
This was my second course with Prof. Brooks as the instructor. I gotta say, both were awful. He expects us to find info on what we are trying to learn, on our own. The assignments are completely different from what we are taught in the videos, which is well, minimal. Pathetic. We have to find new functions on our own to complete the assignments. If I wanted to research all about Pandas library on my own, I wouldn't have taken up this course in the first place! Even in the lecture videos, the professor doesn't even bother to explain the functions properly.
I really wanted to like this class and was looking forward to learning data science in Python but this isn't the way to do it.  The instructor glosses over material without explaining it and the assignments require a large amount of research and outside learning to complete.  If I have to learn how to do the assignments from Google and Stack Overflow, why am paying for this course?  I've taken other classes on Coursera and am pretty good with Python and self-learning but this is pretty terrible.  Overall I expected better out of University of Michigan.
I found there were a lot of problems with the systems supporting the learning and assessments, namely the implementation of the Jupyter Notebook, which kept on misbehaving (it wouldn't save your work, and then it would stop giving outputs for your code). I ended up wasting a lot of time trying but failing to resolve these technical hitches, and time is the most precious resource for any student / programmer, and so I unenrolled from the course. I am now going to find an alternative sequence of courses to learn about data science along with Python.
This course is  good but instructor is very bad.....  Not providing good course lectures and materials... The lecture is very fast and not covering all the things being asked in the assignment... I am leaving this course due to this.. I have successfully done other python courses, because there, the instructor was very good and his teaching style was awesome... I have wasted lot of my times enrolling in this particular course... Though the course conception is good, instructor and course materials are not up to the mark....
the instruction is very poor: when one decides to learn online, it´s expected that it will have the content related to the subject, and this course does not. The content is just showed, very fast, no details, and there are several tasks to accomplish, the level of them is much higher than what you have gotten in the videos and lectures, so, one will have to do a lot of extra research and learning outside this platform. if the person wants the certificate, ok, but the knowledge will come actually from other sources.
Too much research left for the participant. As one of them, I found no difference between going to Stack Overflow or the official documentation websites to figure out myself how some packages worked, as this was basically the same instruction provided by the instructors. I have decided not to continue further training given by University of Michigan, as there were other specialization that made a far better work increasing the course difficulty. Highly recommended to tag this course as of "Advanced" (difficulty).
While i can appreciate the value in getting resourceful at finding information online, this course was essentially 99% google and stack overflow with 1% referencing materials learned in the course.   I spent many hours googling exhaustively for answers and reading through the forum where there were numerous bugs noted by the staff contributors.  The information required for the assignments could and should have been presented better to achieve the same effect without the hours of independent research.
This course is heavily dependent on your ability to google methods and techniques because the lectures do not come close to preparing you for the assignments. The videos simply show you what happens when you type certain code into the interpreter and do not go into detail of how it works because they figure stackoverflow already does it. This is probably a course more for someone who already knows the material and needs a refresher vs someone who is trying to learn it all for the first time. Good luck
One of the worst course ever designed. The course name states its an INTRODUCTION to one of the most important field but the assignments were so tough(fine...) and "teaching still worse". No proper materials, background, techniques provided, I felt Dr. Chuck would have done this far better. We are expected to know the A-Z of Bible/Geeta for an INTRO course and At last we are made to read documentation and Stack overflow and tell me what's the purpose of this course then???
I've taken a few courses on Coursera and Ive found this one to the be the most frustrating. The assignments absolutely do not match up to the material taught during the week, the questions asked during the lectures presumes we have a lot of base knowledge or wants us to look up the answers but does not give us nearly enough of the language to do so. I absolutely feel defeated after trying to do the assignments and find the forums and "community" to be less than helpful.
While this was one of the better courses I've done on Coursera, the start date of the course was changed without any indication of when it would begin.  We've also been waiting months for the next course in the specialisation to begin, again without any communication.  This was a good course, but I would recommend people wait until all the rest of the courses are available before starting this course and beginning the specialisation.
Unfortunately, I won't complete the specialization because of this course and I will look for the content elsewhere, because of the following reasons:1- The videos are not informative and short 2- Assignments only use like 10 to 15% only of the given info from the video3- No slides, hints or tricks are given to help you in the assignment 4- The lecturer needs real life examples and visualization aid to support his teaching method
Assignment 3 was absolutely ridiculous in the sense that the implementation of pandas functions depended on data cleaning in the first step for which there was no help . No response from peers or moderators on my queries. Had high hopes when I joined the course. I feel cheated now. Because of some issues with the data cleaning step, all my following answers were incorrect and I couldn't pass the course in time.
This course is really complicated for a person who is trying to get into the field of Data Science. Don't take this course if you haven't got fluent skills on English as well, because some parts of the explanations are really hard to understand. Take a similar course for a beginner level and then come into this course if you are willing to take this course. Giving out one star because of these reasons.
If you are just beginner in python and want to know better about Data Science dont enroll for this course.The lectures are as if the professor is just reading some notes.The annoying background of people moving is a complete disturbance.The assignments and course do not have anything in common.As a whole it would waste your time if you want to learn from the course it is more like self preparation.
There is a huge difficulty gap between the lecture videos and the assignments. The videos are very brief and they do not give you all the tools required to do the assignments which are a lot more complicated for users who have no experience with Panda. Learners are required to search the internet and stackoverflow which defeats the purpose of an online course education as I can do it by myself.
Did not liked it at all, week one quiz is based on some demonstration which should not be a demonstration but actual study of a subject. If quiz is tends to ask practical things they should be practical during first week of the course, I did not came here to watch a video and paste the result in a quiz to pass further, I came for the practical experience provided by the experts in a field.
please provide the complete 5 unit details .  I could see only this unit is open for past many months. I paid for all 5 unit money already and not in a position revert back and get the money.  Could you please help me out to understand when this courses will be available if not in near future , why are they taken money before the course is not ready to us. Quite disappointing experience.
Whilst the course material was great, the actual program is very poorly managed. The assignments and lecture notes are not kept up-to-date meaning you must waste hours in the forums trying to figure out why your assignments are not being graded correctly or why your code is outdated.Not impressed, would definitely not recommend. I ended up having to just teach the material to myself
Terrible course. Material they teach has nothing to do with what you're evaluated on, so I ended up using google more for the assignments than the actual course material. Expect you to basically already know everything they're teaching, so it's essentially useless. They fly through concepts and barely explain anything, so you end up learning nothing.
I expected that this course is useful for my studies but it was not for sure. I felt this course is a revision note for people who have already studied before or had experiences a lot. The teaching were too poor and general. Free study material in the internet is still better than this course. At the end, I thought why would I pay for this course.
I really tried to get into this course. I wanted a more advanced and fast paced course so a lot of the reviews about it being difficult didn't turn me off. However, the course just is not good. The assignments are not conducive to experimenting and learning and I got almost nothing from the lectures which were basically dry lists of facts.
The course provided minimal instruction and relied on self teaching. The easiest solutions to the assignments weren't covered during the weeks lectures, and had to be found through self teaching. This would be a great free course. Paying for it was a waste of money as I could have learned everything I did from my own teaching.
The videos are extremely short and do not feel as if they have the assignment in mind, the lectures do not teach you much compared to what you teach yourself trying to get through an assignment. The majority of time completing this course is spent reading through documentation and other external resources on your own.
The description of the course is really bad. Youtube videos are better than the course. I am just doing this course for the sake of the certificate. I had to do everything by my ownself watching youtube videos and reading other material on the web. The assignments were in NOOOOOO way aligned with the actual lectures.
Not recommended until the whole course is updated. Its autograder is very old and invalid. It's also very sensitive. Shows the wrong answer even when the answer is right in the latest version of Jupiter. I hope it gets updated very soon as it's a very important course for data science after all.
I thought that applied means we will be coding in python not having notebook and listening about wrote code. Applied was only at assigments. And I really dont like some tasks to read article and write min.90 words disagreed or agreed. Teacher was very good but form of the course not.
I understand that the goal of this course is to push us to a higher level of understanding of Python and Pandas. I would rather put my time/energy into real world problems than blindly try to guess what the autograder for this course is looking for.  A big disappointment.
Actually I wanted to select zero stars!I never leave reviews but for this course I will make an exception. This is the worst course I have taken period. Instructor  robotically  reading ill-prepared material off a prompter. Save time and money and just use google.
Jupyter notebooks used for assignments work sporadically at best. I've spent about half my time during assignments troubleshooting notebook issues. It has been far more beneficial looking at the official pandas documentation and tutorials than taking this course.
Might as well just list the assignments, and skip the videos. I don't really feel the videos provide any useful introduction or helpful information about how to solve the assignments, it's basically up to me googling and reading documentation. Very disappointed.
there was a technical problem on submitting the assignment, which I can not proceed on further week's lectures without completing the submission. I sent message and report the problem but nothing has solved even after 10 days.
Wort course ever. Videos give only sneak previews and don't provide required information for the assignments. If I have to search for the all relevant information in the internet, then I don't need a video course at all.
I am really disappointed with the course structure and the explanation. The assignments were really difficult to understand and there were a lot of issues with the grader even though the method and solution was correct.
The course is not very helpful nor does it cover any of the pandas functionalities in depth. Furthermore, it also uses an older version of pandas leading to what little that was being taught to be even more redundant.
The material in the videos is very light. The course does not teach pandas but gives you a small introduction and leave you with the assignment. If I have to search for every thing what is the purpose of the course?
The level of lectures is unacceptable. Everything is strictly read from paper to the camera. All of the skills I've got were thanks to my own online research, as the explanaition of the lecturer was horrible.
Worst course I strongly recommend not going through course. Here the code is executed and he tells briefly and the assignments are the things which come in ahead topics. Not to mention the grader has issues.
Why didn't you taught the stuff you meant to give in the assessments, if one had to learn independently you could've provided with assignments only. Also too much rush during the programming tutorial.
I am spending more time to deal with auto grader issues than learn something. This is so frustrating despite having good course contents. Frustrating and waste of my time and effort and money.
The instructor is the embodiment of monotony - adding to that, his lecutres are lacklustre, uninformative, and the student has to live and breathe on stack overflow for every assignment.
Lessons were ok but the assignments were really frustrating, not because of the questions itself but because the questions were organised badly or were really vague and confusing.
Not much practice work, one will easily forget the concepts. The mentor speaks and types too fast, most of the time you will lag behind. Its like someone is reading a book.
The course lectures hardly covered what was asked in the assignment. For someone who has a full-time job scouting through discussion forums is extremely time consuming.
The course contents are great but the instructors are not. I struggled a lot and had to watch a lot of tutorials from other places and finally I learned the contents.
Explanations are superficial, and it relies too heavily on self-learning. For that I can simply check Python's documentation without paying the course's monthly fee.
There is no helpful guide to the tasks, you don't know the results in advance so you don't know if you are doing well or not.
Tedious and you don't learn anything.
the lectures are not helpful at all, assignments were organised poorly - there impossible to see mistakes, in other words- go  break your head over it
The instructor teaches you very liitle and expects you to do thing of your own.It was the worst course i have done until now.The instructor is mad.
The pacing for the course is horrendous, this class quickly becomes impossible to do without looking up answers as the lectures do not help at all
The Course is too general, not going into details of how codes should be written.  In order to pass the assignments you need to separately study.
Unclear assignments, lectures are brief and sometimes unclear.  Spent more time trying to understand what was being asked than actually learning.
The lectures videos were poorly structured, the only good things were the assignment which on its own can teach better than the lecturers
The course material is good, but the auto-grader does not work properly. Most time on week 3 assignment is debuggin this auto-correcter.
Very knowledgeable professors, but very little explanation or actual 'teaching'. Graded assignments require a lot of self-education.
Not much information for beginners without a coding background. Assignments are impossible given the video tutorials we have.
it is very hard for beginners to understand!! More example type teaching is required than simply dictating the theories.
The instuctor  is too slow and the way of teaching could be made more interactive and interesting , like CS50 of Harvard
teacher is good but talks way too fast. hard to follow especially data science concepts at that speed
The Class is too fast and not explained in an understandable manner. Programming is also very fast.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHY IT ALWAYS KEEPS REJECTING MY WEEK 2 ASSIGNMENT. WELL I AM NOT TRYING AGAIN NOW
Not an introductory course. They don't even teach like you're a beginner. Very very unsatisfied.
the teaching materials provided by christopher is too brief. can be improve by more elaboration.
Not a very good instructor or course. Course topics are good. I had to learn from other sources.
Very poor material compared to what you are asked to do on the assignments. A waste of money
My project is stuck because of silly code validation, can some one look into it urgently
The content they give in the videos is not enough to perform the tasks they propose.
just begun, but so far so good. I will update the stars as the weeks progress!!
this class sucks. Huge disappointment after how good python for everyone was.
i had some issues which i posted as questions but they remained unresolved
It's a shame the course offers no feedback if you don't pay.
SUPER FAST, He talks slow and codes fast..not done dude.
assignments are are way too difficult than the coaching
The pace is extremely fast. No time for you to think.
Looks like it's prealpha version of what it might be.
very poor content! un-recommended at all, sorry.
the autograder is way too picky and frustrating.
there is only a small previes of all topics .
Only focusing on library not real application
Too much fast. Coding not visible properly.
assignment grading process is not proper
inthisstartingbasicknowledgeinnotgiven.
Grader is buggy, really annoying...
Just Talking and no real teaching
No proper explanation of concepts
unclear and poorly thought out
Very Difficult and Quite fast
Too fast. Need to be deeper.
I want to drop the class
very tough to catch up.
Error in Assignment 3
starting to like this
Very rushed through.
too comprehensive
It's boring.
I have to say, the quality of this course is significantly inferior than the previous "Programming to everybody" . Firstly, it has something to do with the language that the lecturer uses to explain the concepts in Python. The language he uses is unnecessarily complicated. The sentences are very long and the words he uses are vague . If you want to explain a relatively complex concept, you need to use simpler and more comprehensible words. You cannot use a complex concept to explain another complex concept. The second thing is about the structure of the course, the insufficient engagement. The lecture is full of contents but only with very less interaction exercises. This will make students lost in the half way. I have to say this is not a pleasant experience even if I'm already very familiar to some other programming languages such as R and C++.
There are several inherent problems with this course and how it is structured. I would like to preface this review by stating that I am likely below the level of python mastery required to complete the course; I came in with a simple background of some time spent learning from introductory texts, but I've never worked with the language professionally and I have been out of practice for a couple years. The course is labeled 'intermediate', though how 'intermediate' is unclear since there is only one elementary course recommended to get you "up to speed" enough to take the class. I used my free week as a test to see if my background was enough to be able to hang with this; it was not. However, even for someone with more depth of understanding than me, this course is poorly designed to teach. Each lecture is between 2 and 10 minutes long, and they do a very poor job of explaining concepts. The notes provided in the supplied notebooks lack any sort of meaningful documentation, and so it becomes trivial to get lost as the lectures go on at lightning speed and you have no comments or notations at all in-text to explain how one thing they did is different from the next. Furthermore, the difficulty and complexity of concepts spikes up rapidly. Using the in-lecture questions as a barometer, the complexity jump is like going from addition to calculus in the blink of an eye. The first in-lecture question during one of the early videos requests you make a very simple change to a supplied piece of code to add three numbers instead of two. Two in-lecture questions later you're asked to create a list of all possible combinations of a number and letter system for a hypothetical internet company based loosely on concepts you learned 15 minutes ago and never before had a chance to break down or practice in any real detail.After quiz 1 is where I threw in the towel. Looking at the future assignments, as well as the discussion board, things seemed like they would only get worse, not better. Assignments are highly complex and rely on an understanding of python well beyond what this course, and the one before it, will give you. Users with years of programming experience were having to rely on google, text books, and stack exchange to solve the assignments. This course is too light on details and too focused on speed. You'll essentially be teaching yourself what you're supposed to do. As my first attempt going through a MOOC, this was a letdown. Part of this is on me, as I do not have the requisite background to fully engage and succeed here. Part of it is on the structure of the course, which truthfully seems to focus on speed and ease for the creators rather than in depth of understanding for the students. If you're considering this track, I recommend instead picking up some textbooks and going through this yourself. You'll lose the certifiable, but you'll have a less frustrating time.
The course covers good grounds if you are new to pandas. However the content is pretty much a read-through of documentation and assignments are designed poorly:1) There are loads of knowledge required to finish the assignment that are not addressed in the course. You will need to find those out yourself online, which in itself isn't a problem but you are also paying coursera for the time when you pretty much do self-learning2) Due to how assignments are graded, you have to provide EXACT answers as the instructors wanted to see, meanwhile you don't get all information needed on what should be the right answer as certain parameters of the assignment are not clearly defined. The forum is disorganised and you end up spending a lot of time browsing through historical posts, some of which remain unanswered after months3) Too much time spent on data cleaning. Granted that in real world projects data cleaning is at least 80% of the time but this is a learning course. You don't get to spend a lot of time to practice contents covered in video but struggling with the random complexities introduced by the raw data + specific results being expected. This leads to a frustrating experience.Suggestion to the course instructor: re-design the assignments to make sure students spend more time on key points covered by video. Have one assignment focused on data cleaning, but not all of them. Also review forum questions and understand where people get frustrated, and improve your instructions in the assignments.Suggestion to fellow students: it is probably best to enroll the course, note the content/ resources, quit (so you don't need to pay) then learn yourself on google/ stackoverflow. This will be pretty much the same experience.
The difference between exercises and lectures is too big. You end up researching elsewhere more than just follow the course.Exercises being graded is a challenge > installed grader version is different (older) than the note book. This led to the point that my exercises weren't graded due to exception because I used a more recent feature of Python LibrariesWeek 4 programming assignment was a challenge: To pass the final question you need to figure out the previous questions as well, other wise you do not get the right answer. In case you got it wrong it is near impossible to figure out the root cause (because the grader doesn't give you elaborate clues where you might correct things).  You do not get enough side information on your own so as to solve any issues on your own.The content covered in the specialization would exactly be the things I'd want to learn, but the learning experience was full of bumps ...probably I won't follow up on the next courses of this specialization.I heartily recommend an overhaul of this course, giving learners some more background by more explanation & providing more consistent information to master programming exercises.On the positive side: Staff was helpful for a couple of open questions,. Even as the learning experience wasn't as good as anticipated I learned quite some Python stuff due to the contents of the course.
It is disappointing that most of the course is basically self-learning from publicly available resources. If self-learning was what I wanted, I could do with reading the Pandas documentation instead and spare myself the subscription fee.
Important material, but taught in a far less optimal manner than Python for Everybody (or maybe Dr. Chuck's material is just the gold standard). Material is explained at a high level extremely quickly, with very little explanation of the underlying fundamentals of what's going on. Videos are generally of the instructor talking, not actually slides depicting what happens when you're calling a function like loc. Gold stars for the helpful forum posts from the TAs though - would have probably spent 2-3x the time if not for their posts. The week notebooks are also quite helpful - I recommend just reading the transcripts and following along the notebooks, and only using the video  when something really does not make immediate sense.
Poorly designed course.  Very little guidance or content provided, ended up getting most of my insights from stackoverflow...which I can do on my own.
Dreadful course. Instructors saw no value in presenting elements of course that would help learners complete the assignments; rather you are sent off to teach yourself about uncovered techniques needed to complete the assignments. From some of the posts from previous students on GitHub, they resorted to deriving the answer from another means (Excel?) and simply providing the answer as a constant value, in order to receive credit for particular questions. Not exactly sterling knowledge transfer, from instructor to student! This course should be presented as a challenge course to people that have already learned Python Pandas from some other venue. (BTW, Pandas documentation is also dreadful, as of this writing.) This is definitely not the way to learn Python for Data Science if you are a busy professional software engineer. (Wish I had a good recommendation as an alternative.)The only positive aspect of this course is the challenge to work with defined datasets, to complete specific tasks, during week 3. (This was as much time as I could afford to allocate to this course.)From a 40+ year software engineer, with doctorate in CS, a part-time instructor at a private university, with a very challenging technology job in a multi-national corporation.
This course provides very little instruction. I really like learning by trial and error, and I think that is how coding is typically learned. Learning python from stack_exchange, however, is how I was already learning it, and I was doing fine. The whole problem of learning from stack exchange is that you don't know if you are doing things in the best possible way, which can be important for big datasets. There was no discussion of the best practices for complete an assignment, after it was turned in, and, in general, may functions were required to pass the course that were never discussed in the course. The entire weeks lecture could also be watched in about 30 minutes, which seems low to me. Most courses I have taken have at least three hours a week of lecture. I have friends who have taken this same course, and had a similar assessment.
Not my style of  course. Lectures is a mostly just a list of code snippets without any slides. Instead there is a background of 2 people just staring at their screens the whole time. Does not inspire one to enjoy Data Science as a field. Prefer a narrative explaining why and how with practical tips thrown in. Learning to code is more than just syntax. Good examples are the first chapter in Think Stats by Allen Downey and Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course. In this course the assignments took quite a bit of time to complete since lecture code snippets not very useful. Had to self-learn from web to complete assignments. Also took extra time by some trial and error to get right format of results. A more productive approach was assignments in A
Topics covered are interesting as next steps when you have some basic programming skills in Python. However, the introduction and explanation of new concepts feel very rushed; a one minute video on map(), then lambda with a quick exercise without further explanation, followed by list comprehension at the same pace. I often found myself stopping the videos and googling for further explanation to understand what is really going on. If instructors feel that such concepts should be familiar to someone participating in the course, then I'd recommend not covering them at all, rather than rapidly rushing through.
Really appreciate this course. Got me started in Python, Pandas, and Jupyter. First week felt like magic. I am giving it a low score because the assignment questions were so ambiguous that it required constant resubmits an scouring the forums. The ratio of learning of course content to required Stack Overflow internet research was way off balance.I learned a lot but was extremely frustrated and burned a lot of time it what I felt was all the wrong places.Still grateful for this opportunity. I think the questions can be better explained and tightened up.
The assignments are fine, they are pretty tedious at times, but it is this kind of situations that forces me to self taught myself. Something really bad about this course is the lectures. They assume we know everything, I wouldn't be able to follow if i haven't done python in data analysis before, g, so they go fast and doesn't explain how everything/every function works. But if they assume we know everything, there is no need for the lecture videos. Just give us the assignments and just ask us to look at stackoverflow. The videos are 90% useless.
This is not really a course. 2h of lectures in total. I have been in longer one-day university lectures. You have to attend other courses in order to be able to complete the assignments because 90% of what they ask is not in the lectures. This is a compilation of exercises, not a course. On the other hand, the assignments and exercises are OK, that's why I gave it 2 stars.
The assignments are good practice, but the course teaches you nearly nothing. You have to do your own research to figure out how to do them.There are some very useful Mentors on the forums to help the assignments, and if it were not for them, this course would be unbearably frustrating and useless.
Video lessons go way too fast and don't actually try to teach you anything. If you're already a wiz at using Python to do data analysis, then you could certainly keep up, but then you wouldn't need the course in the first place. Very poorly paced.
the course speed is very highand assuming high level of knoweldg
I don't think I've learned much along the course. I had to pick a few concepts here and there, but I don't think that the way in which those are explained would stick.Also, the course seems rushed: I'm not sure what the end game of these courses is, but I think it's an incredible wasted opportunity when it comes to MOOCs, as there could be more lengthy videos and more and better ungraded exercises (something that in this particular course do not exist) and much, much better explained assignments (I guess adding there the info from the forums by the teaching stuff would not hurt).For being a course of intermediate level, the videos and explanations are too short; there are even places where things are left totally unexplained.Even if it's supposed (and even encouraged) that the students seek information on their own, the lack of context in some places makes it rather difficult. this is specialy more so with the questions that are interwined in the videos, as normally in order to answer them corretly you have to go out and find the related info (something that totally disrupts watching the videos).finally, the assignments are a wreckage; some of the questions are incredible difficult to understand, if not out right impossible. The fact that there's a lot of information added to the forums by the etaching stuff, up to the point that the more complicated questions are easily answered with that same infromation, proves this.I do think there are examples of  courses in Coursera: I recently completed "Mathematics for Machine Learning: Linear Algebra" and even thought I don't think it's not without its issues, I find it a much more challenging, entertaining and fun course, that covers in a good way its subject. I have to commend the people from the teaching stuff that are in the forums, thought, as it's the only course in which I found people from the teaching area activelly participating, and helping the students.
I had done "Python for Everybody" from Charles Severance which I had found excellent, with the instructor being passionate and the pace being just about right. I had assumed it would be similar for "Introduction to Data Science in Python", but that wasn't case. The delivery of the course is at a very very fast pace, you don't even have time to stop and absorb the functions and methods that you are supposed to learn. The instructor and the research assistant will list the functions and methods one after the other without pausing. The assignment is then extremely hard with no resemblance to the material in the course (I couldn't do it even after having reviewed the videos). After holding on for the first 2 weeks (it's a very useful topic after all), I gave up and decided to learn from the "learning the Pandas library book", which is a very good summary of the main Pandas functions and methods (and which was recommended by Dr Christopher Brooks), and I was able to follow it very easily.
Overall: I felt this course was useful but pretty time-consuming.  The course had relatively limited taught material and relied a lot on searching & self-studying. If you have a fair amount of time it is a good choice.Pros: You learn through doing assignments which are well supported by mentors/community. Also, you get used to studying through googling problems and learning from websites such as Stackoverflow.Cons: Whilst this learning method definitely had its merits, it could be quite time-consuming for someone seeking to gain introductory-level skills quickly. You could find yourself in situations where you spend hours searching for something quite elementary and could easily have been taught to you, which could be frustrating. I personally think this course could be improved by adding a bit more small quizzes for beginners to play around with the basics, before requiring them to self-learn through searches.
Compared to the previous course I have taken at University of Michigan the content was ok but how it was taught I didn't like. Just reading rapidly the text of the Jupyter Notebook is not enough from my point of view. Ok you can find out the stuff yourself but why take then this course and don't go directly to stack overflow. You just get weird replies from the auto grader and search through the forum to get any idea why you didn't pass. And if you pass, you will never know if your solution was the proper way to solve this task....
Poorly worded questions (that are mentioned throughout the discussion board), older version of pandas and the course resources don't help you with course. Get ready to 'learn' by looking in StackOverflow or reading the volumes upon volumes of python/pandas documentation. In other words, expect to spend 15 hours a week per week (obviously it will vary)
Lectures do not reflect what is required to complete the assignments. Much of the learning is left to independent study by the student. Assignment questions are too vague and frequently require parsing through class discussions to determine the answer the auto-grader is looking for.
The lectures are not good. They go too quickly. They're about 5 minutes long, but you have to stop every minute or 30 seconds and rewind to understand what the instructor is saying. He just goes way too fast, and it's very frustrating. Really ruins the experience.
There is only few minutes taught video courses each week, although the reading materials and topics are quite interesting. The learning of python coding rely heavily on your own trial and error, which you could do even without this course.
The level of course content and assignments is not at all similar. The course contents need to be revised, seems like the professor assumes we know everything about the topic. Also the teaching speed is extremely fast. Very Disappointed!
The instructor seems like he's reading out points of a book. No proper explanation of tools used followed by assignments so hard compared to what being taught in classes
It never felt like the material was covered in enough depth to give me confidence in the ability to do the assignments.
Starts off well, then escalates way too quickly. Assignment 4 is incredibly complex and has poor guidance notes.
The assignments were way more complicated than the examples used during the lectures.
Too difficult, poor connection between lectures and assignments
Insanely fast paced course.. Needs Improvement
Truly horrible delivery of the material - even worse than Coursera's old Intro to Machine Learning course from Univ of Washington.  This course will discourage nearly anyone from pursuing Data Science.And it's not even an intro to data science.  It's a course on Pandas for dataset manipulation.  (In fairness, cleaning up ingest data is like 95% of the work in data science, but the course doesn't even tease the student with some exciting machine learning examples of where this is all headed.)It's not delivered like you'd expect an intro course.  It does an awful job of progressing the student through the Pandas toolset, building concepts incrementally.  The whole topic of object types, methods, returned objects, and chaining gets barely a mention, but it's essential to the assignments.  Examples are rapid-fire and sparse - very few techniques needed in the assignments can be found in the examples.  The Week 2 quiz tests on techniques not introduced until Week 3, and the Week 3 and 4 assignments cite "individual study" which is academic-speak for "We didn't teach you about this - go Google it".Then, there are errata that the student needs to pick out of the discussion forums to pass the assignments because some key questions are vague.  The errata are 1-2 years old and they can't be bothered to correct errors.The auto-grader could be the highlight of the course, but it provides limited feedback on wrong answers and no guidance toward the right answer; just "wrong".  You're not allowed to post code or discuss answers in the forum - you have to go to StackOverflow to do that.  (It'd be awesome if several of the exercises provided the student with the answer and challenged them to match it, but instead it's very sink-or-swim.)Even when your answer is right, the auto-grader throws errors and warnings for, say, returning a numpy.float64 (which you should) when the grader is expecting a Python float type.  Or it's expecting a float64 for a counter value (!!) when you provide an int64 (which is correct).  These behaviors should have been fixed long ago.It claimed to be a 15-hour course; I did it intensively and invested more than 30 hours before pulling the plug on the final project.  That was claimed to be a 4-hour project, but experience with the rest of the course says it'd be more like another 12 hours - and that's for a guy who's not new to coding.Bottom-line: I paid for educational material and I don't feel like this course delivers.  What it does deliver is Pandas exercises and an "OK" auto-grader; truthfully, most of what I learned was via Google searches while trying to do the assignments - effective, but very slow and very frustrating.  The real disappointment is seeing that the issues I encountered have been well-known for 2 years in the discussion forums; the course could be a lot better by now if they cared to nurture it.Finally, a frustrating aside that's on Coursera, not the instructors... Coursera's online Jupyter notebook platform is really unstable and constantly drops connections even when you're actively editing and executing cells.  (Including from 2 Fortune 100 companies - it's not the connection.)  Once dropped, the notebook can't be re-connected, and has to be re-launched from the syllabus at the risk of losing your most recent edits.  (But beware, if you run Jupyter offline for stability, this course also has defective input filenames that will cause grading to fail - read the discussion forums first.)
More or less my copy from an earlier review,
I was really excited about the this course, and was really let down. This course is really, really poorly done. I would not waste time and money on this course when there are much better options out there. I feel like I've gotten little in return for my time and money.
First, as several other students have noted, the timeframe for assignments is really unrealistic, taking much longer than projected (at least for me, and several other students). This is not acceptable when Coursera bills by the month. Coursera needs to provide a better assessment of the time commitments for the class. I took another datasciense course prior to this one (my employer wants a certificate) but still the assignments were tough, and I found it really dissappointing that I spend a lot of time solving inconsistencies in the assignments. I believe American students are in advantage here because of the Geo-American orientated datasets.
Second, the teaching is horrific. The professor is not engaging at all, but simply mechanically reads lines which often sound straight out of a user manual. The point of online videos is not to turn books into audio files- it’s to have a human talk/reason through problems with you. The teacher of the course should discuss the material, not recite a manual. In addition, the little amount of material is presented far too quickly, Also great emphasis is put on the discussion groups (which turns out to be just responded by the moderators, volunteers). In absence of a proper syllabus students are directed to Stack Overflow, a sign of the courses' weakness.

Third, the title of this course is a misnomer: an introduction to data science would provide an overview of the tools, techniques and scope of the field. An extremely detailed introduction to Pandas, which is essentially what most of this course is, is useful if well executed (which it is not here), but it is not an introduction to data science.
A more minor complaint is the absolutely horrendous choice of the background. Showing different permutations of lifeless office drones is not exactly inspiring material for aspiring data scientists, even if this the reality of office life- it’s distracting at best, and at worst, deeply disparaging. Why not have just a plain colored background? Or anything else?The only positive thing besides some of the misleading assignemnts are the rest of the assignments. In general I had fun solving them, and althoug I've had my share of Jupyter Notebook and Grader's issues I was able to complete the course. I will not reconsider any online course from Michigan University again.
It pains me greatly to give just 2 stars to a course from UofM, since it is my alma mater, but I will be honest. I would like to echo the sentiment of the majority of my fellow learners that the course needs to be structured better.  Instructor needs to take more time to explain some of the concepts in greater detail. It seems like the instructor and his assistants are always trying to rush things and cover too much material in tool little time . I had to pause and replay lecture videos to completely grasp what was being conveyed. I also adjusted my playback speed to 0.75x to keep up with the instructions. I will admit that I had to heavily rely on the pseudo codes posted on the forums to answer assignment questions and even though I answered them correctly, I did not completely grasp the reasoning behind lot of them, which I think defeats the purpose of learning a programming based course.Suggestions for improvement: Upgrade the autograder, because it is frustrating to keep rectifying the answers to make them acceptable for the autograder.  Completely overhaul the assignments so that they are more in-line with what is being taught in the lectures. Students should not have to figure out everything from the online forums. If not for the pseudo-codes, algorithms and explanations from mentors, this course would have been an impossible one to finish. Assignments and exams need to be designed such that learners don't have to treat forums and stack overflow as a primary vehicle for getting successful with the course, but more like a helper tool.
The course content is very good. The videos are very good. Unfortunately this course is severely hurt by a very high ratio of non-learning work to learning work. This is due to some issues that could be easily addressed. The questions are poorly worded or ambiguous about critical details. Some of these details are hidden in the forums, but that's a waste of time. Some of the assignments do not directly bear on the course content and involves much "self-learning". Unfortunately this means I do not know if my self-taught methods are optimal - there is no feed back or checking. So you can do very poor coding but still pass in scoring and never get any feedback to improve your coding skills. All along, some very simple hints about what libraries and methods to use for each question would prevent lots of blind searching on the web. There are some helpful instructors and helpers haunting the forums, but they are not always around, and they are not always implementing permanent fixes to the problems that are frustrating students. One shouldn't have to hunt around forums to find out about broken pieces of the application or other errors in the course. Finally, the grading system is unstable and the Jupyter Notebook system is also not very stable, leading to many submissions and resubmissions just to make sure it got through for grading. For these reasons it took much more time than three weeks for me personally. I would not have signed up had I known.
The topics covered in the course are certainly important for anyone interested in using Python for Data Science, but sadly, there is only really basic information about each topic taught in the videos. In the labs, there is heavy focus on "self learning" (basically, the instructor encourages you to use StackOverflow and other resources to figure out things that were intentionally not taught in the course).While it's interesting that the problems have a very real-world nature to them (including searching the web to help you find answers to things), if I wanted to learn the tools taught in this course that way, I wouldn't have enrolled in this, and just got a good book and practiced myself independently. Also puzzling is that there are weird "discussion" segments that have no relevance to any of the topics taught. One moment you are learning about pandas dataframes, and the next, it's asking you for a 90 word opinion on data science ethics. This is somewhat ironic given the otherwise very practical/applied nature of the course. Not relevant at all to a working professional.One other note: as I write this, for the past few days, no students were able to get their assignments graded, since the auto-grader was broken, and there are multiple reports of this in the forums. It's puzzling the staff let this problem persist for days with no ETA or acknowledgement of the issue.
Overall, this course is tough for me. In my opinion, the course title is not suitable, which is "introduction". The word "introduction" generally means something basic and fundamental. However, the level programming assignments in this course is between slightly medium and very hard. Furthermore, the assignment instructions are not clear enough, i.e. what steps need to be followed to complete each question. So, it needs time for me to find the way or solution in the discussion forum. I know in each week forum, there is one discussion specifically for assignment (i.e. Assignment X Tips), which is good. But, I think the forum is not a good place, since we have to find it meticulously the information and what we want to find is spread out, not in an easy to follow order.Moreover, I do not think the lectures and the assignments are well synchronized as there are many things in assignments that are outside from the lectures. I mean, it is "too many" new things in the assignment. Although it is a great way for the students to search and enhance their skills by themselves, in general, the assignments should at least reflect the lectures.Lastly, in my humble opinion, this course is not appropriate for someone who is new to programming and has not been familiar or mastered any programming languages, though the title is "introduction".
This is a pretty awful course, as of the time of writing this review in July of 2019. Let me preface this by saying that the material you learn is very helpful. Pandas is a great library to learn for loading, cleaning, and manipulating large amounts of data. But the real problem with this course isn't the material, it's the lectures and the autograder. The lectures are very short. They don't cover the concepts well enough, and some material is blatantly skipped and you have to learn it yourself through google. Then comes the video quizzes which test you on functions and concepts that haven't even been introduced yet. It's like the quizzes were put at timestamps randomly. Then comes the worst part of the course: the Autograder. I'm not sure how old this course is but the autograder is running on an outdated version of both python and pandas. What does this mean for you? Well if you want to code on your computer instead of the course's broken online coding notebook, you will run into severe code-breaking bugs between versions. It really ruins the course. I learn the material but then spend hours trying to please the broken autograder. Most of the time in this course isn't spent learning, it's spent fixing code that the autograder rejects even though it runs perfectly on your machine locally. Have fun!
When ones motivation for taking a course switches from learning as much as possible to wanting to finish the course in order to leave a review warning others not to take the course until the numerous structural issues with the course are resolved then something has gone very wrong.  The course materials are okay for an intermediate course.  Just 'okay'.  Not good.  Not great.  Certainly a substantial step down from the wonderful 'Python for Everybody' courses which, by the way, are inadequate preparation for this course despite the Dr. Brooks' claim.  That said, the main issue with this course lies in its incredibly vague and poorly thought out assignments.  If you are actually decent with Python you will, in all likelihood, spend more time fighting with the Jupyter notebooks and auto-grader than you will actually completing the assignments.  If you're newer to programming expect to spend at least five times as much time on each assignment as the estimated completion time suggests.  Also, good luck if you actually need help, as this course has the most aggressive enforcement of Coursera's honor code that I have seen on this site which means that you are SOL if you need help on a problem.  In short, I would recommend that no one take this course until the numerous issues with it are provably fixed.
Thanks for the course. A few things that can be improved:1- The video material was very short. I expected same amount of teaching like homework, but it's more like 30 minutes versus 7 hours every week. As a result it's mostly googling and copy-pasting code, which I'm very sceptical if solving issues this way will enter my long-term memory. Probably next time I will need to look it up again. I'd prefer if the videos were the source of knowledge instead of stack overflow and the forum.2 - As an experienced programmer but being new to Python I found it difficult to load the data. I was not aware that the files are available on the server and can just be loaded by read_csv(filename.csv). Instead I tried to load the files from my local drive, which worked, but not for the grader. Then I tried to submit it offline which also failed. I wasted half a day on this. I suggest to mention quickly how the online and offline assignments work, in particular in how to load data.3 - The feedback from the grader is usually not telling much. It was often unclear to me what was the expected outcome. I think a screenshot of the expected answer for the more advanced questions (first few rows+columns) would help a lot and save us a lot of suffering.
TLDR - poor design of class makes for a bad experience and wasted time.Longer - There is a disjunct between what is covered in the videos and what is tested in the assignments, and there are problems with the assignments (the autograder and the extremely dated pandas version supported) . The videos function as a partial reference guide, which is only very loosely what is tested in the assignments. If I didn't pay for the class, I would see value in the assignments themselves. Since I did pay for the class, I expect more value from the videos. For the 3rd and 4th weeks I proceeded more quickly by relying much more heavily on stack overflow and pandas documentation, to the point of sometimes ignoring the videos entirely. As-is the gaps between videos and assignments, on the one hand, and ongoing difficulty of knowing how to navigate the black box which is the autograder (using an outdated version of pandas) are shunted to the forums and other students, volunteers, and assistants. While the forum is helpful (always start there with the assignments, so you will waste less time on poorly designed / assessed questions!), it is poor pedagogy and a bad experience to offload bad course design onto it.
Four year old instructional content. Four year old versions of pandas and other libraries.  $50/month for 4 year old content??The course relied on very basic functions and libraries in pandas and numpy.  I doubt that any of the specific skills and content taught here would transition very well to a professional or academic context.  Why is it so hard to find a real practical Python data science course?I'm also pretty sure there were errors some of in-video quizzes.  And there exists a broken link to Chris Anderson's Wired Article entitled "The End of Theory..."  that has been broken for the past 3 years at least when I checked on discussions for the article.  This course in general has sat here for 3-4 years seemingly unmaintained (see the broken quizzes and links above) and unchanged (see the 4 year old videos and libraries above) just yearning money for Coursera and UMich with little to no evidence of improvements or basic maintenance.  I think it's shameful that I am being charged $50/month for access to these materials and the grading system which quite frankly has stymied and stunted the growth and improvements to the course material overall.
Content is actually very good, I can feel the content creator and staffs emphasis on real world problems. Projects and Assignments are quite useful, and I can expect to use skills I acquired in my day to day work. However, the most agonizing parts of this course is it requires tremendous of time to do self-study. I spend tons of time on google search, reading docs and go over other people's post on various forums in order to find the right way(sometimes optimal way) to finish the assignments. I understand and accept that self-study is very import to master things nowadays, but I really think gap is too big between what was taught in class and what you need to complete this course, especially for people that has zero data science programming experience like me. I'd rather spend time watching 2 more hours of teaching videos per week that can cover more aspects/topics/tips/tricks than go over lots of docs and posts. I won't deny I learned a lot through this course, but I believe my learning curve can be flatten significantly if there is more class materials available. If the majority of course is spent on googling, what's the point to take it?
I wasted hours learning outdated code. I read on the course forums that the course is soon to be updated (July 2020?), but the course I did (May-June 2020) was developed in 2016, and quite a bit of the code that was taught was out of date. These courses should be reviewed for currency at least every year, and the failure to do so is reflective of poor quality control and also not the highest regard for students' time. My other criticisms are that the pace of the course was too fast - too much was covered in four weeks - and that the assignments made me rely too much on teaching myself. Some teaching of oneself is fine - we learn how to teach ourselves - but in this course it was just too much. I spent far more time on the course than the course overview suggested. Having said all this, I did learn quite a bit during the course, and Professor Brooks seems like a genuinely nice guy. As well as that, the readings on topics to do with data science were really interesting. So - overall, a frustrating course that teaches a decent amount inefficiently.
Why are these people in a hurry???I had to reduce the video speed to 0.75x to get through all the material, because they do not give you time to process anything. There is a video of a guy 'teaching' the numpy module where he spits out 185 numpy functions in less than 8 minutes, and that means 1 FUNCTION EVERY 2.5 SECONDS!! Who in the world can learn like this? I can only assume they are making these videos to show off how much they know instead of actually teaching. They should have given numpy a whole week instead of just one hasty video. And I feel that way about many of the other python modules they cover.The projects are indeed challenging and that is fine. However, they are often putting questions on the graded assignments for things they didn't actually cover yet. They show you how to do A and then expect you to do ABCDEF on the graded assignments. Furthermore, the assignment questions are just badly worded, creating a lot of confusion and unnecessary stress (as seen in the course discussion forums).
This course needs to be more user-friendly. I observed that video explanations way go too fast when they are typing code at the same time, so I felt like I had to simultaneously digest the explanation while also learning the code syntax, that is not friendly at all. I found myself many time re-watching and pausing the videos so that I could understand each step of the code. The course content is good, but I would compare this course to one of those classes were the content is really good but is not properly conveyed to the audience, specially when the audience is people with no previous experience with Pandas. Also, I get the point of going to Stack Overflow and consulting the Pandas the documentation to complete each weekly assignment, but what is the point on doing all that when I am taking a paid class precisely to be explained those concepts, I do not get it, if that is the philosophy behind the course, then it is flawed, it is just better to tell students ''go learn Pandas on your own".
The course gives practice in Python, but programming assignments were loaded with "busy work" that added little value and often had only loose ties to the material discussed in class.  While this forces more independent learning, it also makes it so that this course isn't really much better than free online tutorials.  I found myself learning almost everything for the programming assignments from the pandas package documentation and from Google searches that led to stackoverflow.  For an instructor from the University of Michigan whose bio says "I work with colleagues to design tools to better the teaching and learning experience in higher education," I was expecting a lot more value for the time spent in this class.  I suspect that this course is being used to provide data for furthering his own research.  It's often more difficult to maximize value to customers when personal incentives may not be perfectly aligned with customer (student) objectives.
This is not an organized course by any means. The lectures do not cover much and assignments are incredibly tough to the point that each requires more than a week by themselves.For context, I have completed the Python Specialization by Dr.Chuck (Which was incredible!) and have an Fulltime-Masters in Engineering. One of my main motivation for taking this course is to learn all the topics in well structured manner but I don't understand what Dr. Brooks  trying to do with his bizarre way of 'teaching'. Unfortunately, Dr. Brooks just points to StackOverFlow for everything rather than explaining  the concepts by himself.Currently, I am just learning through  various Pandas Lectures in youtube and attempting the assignment (which is harder than most assignments I have completed in my college!!).  Unless you have great motivation to learn by yourself, this course would be very hard to complete.
While the material is undoubtedly useful, te structure of the assessments is not very helpful. For example, in week 3 we are asked to create data frames from input files: these are presented in descending order of complexity for cleanup. Furthermore, the points for most of the questions are 6.66, despite what are very different demands fore each part. In the final week, the dictionary of state names is counterproductive in answering part one (some state names are region names) and one can either get 100% or one fails the course (as one question is worth 50% of the grade.) Some of the autograder feedback is so terse as to be downright infuriating. Add to that frequent issues with the notebook crashing and much of this coursework was an exercise in unnecessary frustration rather than increasing enlightenment.
Primary instructor is very good and very clear. Although I feel that in the MOOC format he could have spent more time going through the mechanisms going on underneath (even if you don’t need it to complete the problem sets). However  the lectures from the assistant are poor - he seems to speak without explaining anything.Major issue is the problem sets themselves. Some of the questions are really poorly written (and I think in some cases wrong). For example in week 4 I spent longer trying to debug a question (that I got right) than I spent on the whole week put together; the answer being something that wasn’t explicitly asked for in the question.If you’ take the course read the forums... there are dozens of posts from students (and teaching assistants) complaingin about the questions.
Unfortunately, the course delivery style was not right for me. The profesor background is good, but the teaching style is too much talking (difficult to remember), and that doesn't helps to understand Pandas or Numpy concepts. There were very few visual aids. The course uses Jupyter notebooks with code examples, it would really help to add some written explanation to them, because the explanation in the video goes too fast. It would be great to have more practice to construct gradually the knowledge at least at the beginning. Most of the learning was on my own reading books, python docs which does not focus on conceptual explanation, and using stackoverflow as it was recommended during the course. This course is for somebody that does not expect much guidance or explanation.
Completed the first course but probably won't continue.
U of M auto-grader uses an old version of Python (3.6) and an ancient version of Pandas (0.20.2), so after you code everything up in 3.7.7, you have to go back and try to get it to work in 3.6 and old Pandas.  This just comes down to how you want to spend your time in life: learning and solving problems or messing around with an old auto-grader.This is a total waste of time and effort.  There is no reason to spend time doing this just to appease the auto-grader.
I was considering the Data Science Masters program, too, but I want to learn, not fight old versions of Python and Pandas.  Good to know now, I guess!  What a shame.  This series could have been great!
Course teaches Python Pandas in a very practical way and I'm sure now having learnt it I'll use the skill. But this course wasn't taught well. Weekly assignments asked questions about skills that had not been taught yet. The course coordinators didn't respond or help in the forums, The topic area deserves more in depth video lectures and discussion. All the above basically means that passing the weekly assignments takes longer than you may assume. Had the course been taught and tested more effectively then doing the weekly assignments would less frustrating and time consuming. Basically the course is good, but it requires much more work and research because of the poor way its caught and monitored by staff.
Course content is very scarce as compared to what is asked in assignments. No explanation is give to what function does and what should be its inputs and outputs. Unlike Professor chuck's course this course is very tough and not at all an introductory course. Assignments take 4x more time than mentioned in course content. Overall a very heavy work for student to go through other online materials to understand what each function does. It feels like I have learnt alot from other websites than in this course. What is the point in taking a course if I have to go through other materials from some other website? Please change course content, make videos more elaborative, reduce the difficulty of assignments.
The instructor reads during lectures, making them hard to follow. In-lecture quizzes are inappropriate as they cannot be answered without further research outside of the material covered in the lectures. (That is appropriate for assignments and projects but not for in-lecture quizzes.) Finally, the quality of the feedback from instructors in the discussion forums is low, including incorrect/misleading answers. Another annoying feature is that the notebooks expire after a much shorter time than it takes to complete the assignments. Autosave does not always work. So it's possible to lose work. On the pro side, the material covered is relevant and I learned a lot in doing the assignments.
Positive aspects:Readings were relevant and interesting.I learned a lot.I was challenged.Negative aspects:Programming assignments took SIGNIFICANTLY longer than suggested (I have 20+ years of programming experience and am fluent in 3 programming languages, but I'm new to Python).Course did not provide enough support to learners.  You're on your own to learn the material and you won't get timely responses (if any) from the staff.  I asked clarifying questions about lecture material on the Discussion Forums and got no response (twice).Several concepts were not taught with appropriate detail / explanation.  For example, there was no instruction on how to read error messages in Python.
This course is a mess:-Not well structured-They don't properly guide you in the learning process : better courses from better universities, as Stanford ones, describe all you need to complete an assignment, or give you a good and deep introduction to the libraries/framework you have to use... here they just explain part, non including many info you need in the assignment, so, you have to spend a lot of time trying to find proper documentation, reading other external tutorials, checking people with same issues in stack overflow -some even with the same datasets, I am not sure if they were from the same courseA lot of stuff to improve, I recommend to you to look for another course
I have learn a lot by taking this course not from the instructor or TA but through stackoverflow. There is clearly a gap between the video and the assignments. The instructor are knowledgable but less of ability to instruct. When watching the video, I need to pause to clearly read what instructor just typed. I feel like the instructor is reading the screen without clarifying the contents. There are a lot of times I want the quit the course but I finally make it, so proud of myself. Working on the assignment with the help of stackoverflow, I learn a lot.In sum, I really think the instructor needs to improve the way he teaches and the assignments are useful. Thanks.
One thing I dislike a lot about this Specialization is that it forces you to work through their structured weekly materials rigidly. It does not allow you from working on Week 2 and Week 3 courseworks when you have finished Week 1 materials which I think it is just a way for the course owner to make more money from you. Their excuse is that they allow 'other students' to mark your work to promote interactions between students but I think this makes no sense as not people who takes these courses have a uniformed fixed number of hours each week. The whole point of studying an online course is to be flexible with the hours you put in, which this isnt.
The aim of the course and general guidelines are fine.BUT!!!It s aweful how the explanation s given.Main idea of all videos is: here s a function, here s another one, also you can use this function.Now you 'go girl' try to glue all the puzzles together by yourself.It feels like professor was just rushing to record videos and get back to his work which gives money.Never-the-less i did learn  A LOT from this course which i couldnt do by myself since as i said GENERALLY GUIDELINES are OK.PS. The WEEK4 last assignment was the main problem since i had to watch about 6-8 hours of statistics to truly feel and understand VAR, STD, TTEST.
I would recommend the coursera online training session need more improvement. Please look at this youtube video. this will give you some fair idea what do i mean. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0AWyzVMf54During the session speaker need to be visible on top corner and they need to present with more examples during learning this will help and learn fast. I struggled a bit following your videos going back-and-forth with the given materials.I also struggled solving the assignment due to confusing questions. Not much clear what is required to solve the problem. it would be helpful to provide some hints for each assignment.
The content of the course is really good but the outdated version of Anaconda they are using is a real pain, because you can't use many features available and causing serious problems when trying to submit the assignment. For a course like this you should consider using at least a recent version of the tools.Also the speed in which the instructor is talking is like a machine gun, without making almost any pause, and thus making really difficult to keep up. I don't know if they modified the speed of the videos or it is the way the instructor usually talk. I strongly suggest to review this aspect of the course.
I decided to take this course after having a great experience with "Python 3 Programming Specialization".  I was expecting the same kind of experience from this course but the lectures are pretty fast.  The instructor seems to rush through the lectures and keeps on recommending using StackOverflow for any questions so I finally decided to unenroll myself from this course. I recommend you to install Jupyter notebook, buy "Python for data analysis" by Wes McKinney and follow along with all the book exercises. You will have a way better experience learning data analysis than this course.
Assignements are awfuly messy written. You spend way more time on trying to figure out what the author of question had in mind than on working on your Python coding skills. The instructions are unclear and You have to dig trough the forum to understand what You have to do. What's more, even teachers that help on the forum agree, that instructions are unclear.It's even more frustrating if You realize, that if someone from University of Michigan spent a few hours on making the instructions clearer, then thousands of students woudn't waste millions of hours inefficiently.
The professor sounds like he is reading script. He uses so many hand gestures, his phrasing, his monotone voice, his hand movements, and pace of explanation makes it hard to focus on what he's saying. The woman was even more monotone. I'm not one to make a fuss about teaching styles given that I was a math major and had professors that barely spoke english, but this course is taught terribly. On top of all of this many of the programming questions could have been better worded. Many of the questions seemed unclear. This course could have been much better designed.
Though the syllabus for this course was well designed, I found most of the concepts being taught very fast or without explaining it clearly. I had to go and refer a lot of other YouTube videos to understand the course videos much better. In fact, the YouTube channel called Corey Schafer helped me more compared to the course videos to complete the course. I would suggest to slow the pace of the videos and explain the necessary concepts even more clearly. Here, I would also like to appreciate the Assignment questions. They were very well set and challenging.
The class was a helpful intro to pandas. But it was not as much a class as it was a series of homework assignments and the student painstakingly looking things up on stackoverflow. In the end, i am positive I got the correct answers using a horrible coding method and will never see the correct solutions. There should be a little bit more handholding in order for the student to learn the concepts. Otherwise, I might just throw a class up on coursera, give the link to docs.python.org, tell the students to read it and then they will be experts at python.
"Course" is very self-directed. There are very few exercises, and there is minimal feedback on those exercises. No attempt is made to reinforce learned knowledge over time (e.g. spaced repetition) nor is there any definitive list for what knowledge should be gleaned from this course. Emphasis is placed on the student's teaching themselves and learning through experience with no attempt to actually understand the learning process or rest the course design on a scientific basis. Standard filler course for an empty education system.
The course instructions are very limited comparing to some of the other Coursera courses I've taken. The video lectures and code examples are extremely high level and general, while the assignments are significantly more challenging than the content demonstrated in the lectures. I spent a significant amount of time reading the Discussion Forum and googling for the right codes to use, rather than actually applying any knowledge learned from the lectures. If I wanted this much self-learning, I wouldn't have taken a Coursera class.
I have to say, as a new data analyst, even though I have started my work. It is still difficult to complete the assignment.  The assignment is far away from the lecture video, which makes the assignment painful and you may lose interests in the process. Even the assignments are not written in a understandable way, so you have to go to forum to clarify each question in the assignment. So please make the learning process me more enjoyable and easy for the starters. Data science is a great career and and I believe it is the future.
Overall I have to rate the course sub par, so 2 stars.The lectures seem disconnected from the assignments.  If you're not already proficient at Python you'll spend your time on stackoverflow.com looking for ways to solve the questions.  The assignments took me a lot longer than scheduled.I did learn a lot by doing the assignments (using stackoverflow).  I credit the course with "forcing" me to do the assignments.Sophie (staff) was the saving grace when I really got stuck.  Without her I would possibly have thrown in the towel.
Course materials were too brief to work on the assignments. You have to do lots of your own homework to get through the assignments. It is almost one can do assignments without referring to any of the class materials. It is obvious course cannot explain all the material but they could have organize it better by making clear focusing the assignments. Also it would be much useful if they can add comment in the Jupyter codes.  Assignment 4 was very poorly explained. It is not tough at all but the explanation made it worse.
Videos are fast-paced, material is limited (no real slides or extensive doc). Exercises  are sometimes not clear in their statement. Activity on the forum compensates that. Exercises are however close to challenges you face in real life. Finally, the start date was delayed and there is no clear visibility on when the other modules are started. So, the course could be better given, provide more material and be better coordinated. I followed one Python course at Rice University which was by far better given.
Pretty bad experience, this course let me feel like listening a people read a book. Professor just simply go through the material with relatively high speed, the connection between each part is unorganized, the graduate student even goes through the material with higher speed. Assignment sometimes confusing and autograder add even more barriers on my path. Assistance answer question quickly in discussion form which I'm appreciating, however, can't compensate for the disappointed quality of the course.
The course lectures were subpar and didn't cover the material in the assignments.  Googling for answers and checking stackoverflow for code is a great way to get tips, but it doesn't teach you the core material.  I would have rather had links to supplemental readings that the materials were based on.  I would not recommend this course as an introduction course unless you've had significant experience with Python data structures and know how to work with lists, dataframes, and iterate over those.
Really disappointed with this course to the point I'm quiting -in spite of having paid for the grade-. It reminded me of my days at the university where I found being a great scientist/engineer didn't mean you were a great teacher. And this is the real problem, even things that should be easy to grasp are difficult to understand -just the opposite of prof. Bill Boyd who makes learning a joy-. Because of this I would only recommend this course if you already have an intermediate level in Python.
The professors are very clear and the speed if good enough so that if you have a computer science degree you won't get too bored.But, ohhhh my good the grading is terribly frustrating. If you've left uni and spend more than a couple of months in the corporate world you will find it terribly frustrating. You had to fiddle around for hours around data format and some other potential issues.For interesting python problem with a nice layout and helpfull solutions, discovery go to checkio.org.
This course was extremey hard. The pacing was fast, it seemed like the instructor wanted to end the lecture as fast as possible, I had to rewatch a 5-7 min video three times with frequent pausing to just get the idea of what is going on. The assignments were really hard, especially final questions. I would suggest making longer lectures with slower pacing taht would cover all the material you need. I have just finished this course and feel frustrated instead of motivated to learn more.
i really liked the lectures and i learned a lot of new stuff but the autograder was very annoying to me. i spend hours on transferring my answers to the correct format. There were no templates or good describtions for the right format provided so you had to read through the forum and talk to the stuff alot to figure it out. This time (many many hours for me) had absolutely no learning-input and it was very  very annoying. I doupted many times if i would finish the course...
I felt like the test-candidate for a new course. While the course-work and the presentations itsself were excellent, the "homework" was a real pain as very often the Auto-grader didn't work and it took me hours to get a project which was correct, to be accepted as the right solution. Cannot recommend it to be honest unless they improve their systems.  Also it was said that the other course specialization start soon but it seems they don't and I paid for the full package....
The course assignment was very hard—maximum time I didn't have any clue what I was supposed to do. The course instructor was not up to my expectation. I didn't understand what he was trying to teach me. The pandas version in this course was ancient, which Showed exception most of the time with the functions. I wouldn't suggest anyone take this course if really wants to learn anything. For a newbie like me in Python, I had to go back and forth to Stackoverflow now and then.
I couldn't get through the class. The problem sets bore no relation to the lectures. I understand that the point of that is so that you teach yourself, which is more "real world" but in this type of work there are multiple ways to solve a problem, and if we never see the right (optimal) answer, then it's very possible that what we came up with on our own is a super inefficient way to do it. I think the course needs to get the lectures a little closer to the problem sets.
The videos were fast, but informative.  The exercises were nothing like the videos, I had to accomplish several hours of self taught learning.  If the certification did not look good on a resume or linkedin profile, I could've accomplished the same outcome with just hours of reading stack overflow, watching youtube videos, and skyping with other students in my masters cohort.  Would like to see the exercises in the same realm of difficulty as the tutorials.
The assignments are much more difficult than what is covered in the class. The teaching speed is too fast without enough PPT slides. The class coding demonstration is also too fast. The lecturer should either teach more in class or make the assignments easier. Assignment 3 and assignment 4 need a lot of independent studies of the functions in pandas library. If the assignments need a lot of independent studies, what is the meaning of the teaching in class?
The lectures and explanations need more clarity and better instruction quality. The assignment questions were often nebulous. This resulted in lots of time wasted with the grader. The discussion forums were the best part of this class. I'd encourage the course instructors to take a look at the University of Washington's Machine Learning class. Stylistically, pedagogically and content-wise - that's a much, much better Data Science class.
The pace is far too fast. I can't see anyone managing with this unless they are already somewhat familiar with the content. Assignments and quizzes are extremely difficult. When learning it is nice to have at least some easier questions that allow you to practice implementing what has just been covered. In this course it felt like all questions required you to link together all aspects of what had been covered so far in complex ways.
The auto-grader in this class SUCKS. It runs an outdated version of Pandas from 2016. Some of the lecture content also includes deprecated functions.  The course content and auto-grader both need to be updated to comply with Pandas v1.0.x. It is EXTREMELY frustrating to spend hours getting code to run properly on my machine, only to upload it to the course site and have the auto-grader tell me it's incorrect or unexecutable.
It does not matter if you have intermediate python level of experience. You should not go through the material so fast and not explain properly what the specific code does. I understand that we should seek outside resources if we don't understand something but thats not an excuse for providing fast answers to what a code does and not provide explanations to specific code. All I saw in this introduction was fast typing lol.
The course content, which includes tutorials and assignments, is exception for beginners to hone their skills in python data science stack (numpy, pandas and matplotlib).However, the automated grading process, I find, is ambiguous. Here's why:First, we are not provided with a snapshot of expected output. Second, the feedback doesn't support debugging; as a result, test taker will make clueless trial & error attempts
I agree with some reviews saying that course was mostly limited to self-learning. Videos were rushed and learning mostly limited to self-studying. Assignments descriptions were confusing and not well explained, not to mention that it takes hours to figure out why correct solution is not accepted. I'd say writing code (correctly) takes 4 hours but then you need 8 hours to figure out why your answer is not accepted.
I have previous programming experience, sill I find the course is very challenging for the following reasons: - course videos are very short (40mins per week), partly related to the required assignments, not covering all topics - you need to spend most of your time (for me 10-15 hours per week) googling and reading Stackoverflow, and you might pick up a solution which is not appropiate for your current issue
The assignments were tough and they really tested your knowledge of python. That being said, the lectures were absolutely useless. I spent 90% of my time trying to figure out python through stack overflow. The jupyter platform is also very frustrating. For whatever reason, error messages kept coming up as I was trying to complete the assignments. At one point, I lost all my work because of this error.
Lectures aren't helpful. Assignments are challenging which is great but there is a difference between challenging students to make them learn more or to challenge them to such extent without providing enough resources that they go weary of the material. It is important to understand that students take courses generally to learn new material, not to revise what they have already learned or forgotten.
The content is really good, but their explanation of the topics is insanely terse; by both the professor and his graduate student. I had such high hopes for this class. I am personally able to follow the content because I have experience using pandas and only using this class as a easy way to fill gaps in my knowledge, but to the uninitiated their coverage would confuse a otherwise simple tool.
The course is quite tough and is not really beginner friendly to someone who is seeking to start learning about python or data science. It's just that it is on another level. Hard to grasp onto the concepts. The assignments also are very difficult for a beginner. All in all I don't mean to be negative but this really isn't an introduction to data science course, it is on a very advanced level.
This course was highly challenging and took quite a lot of time and efforts to complete! The concepts were hurriedly and not properly taught and I think this need be addressed. The assignments were also too complex for an introductory course and require a lot of personal reading and searching to complete. Would recommend at least a basics in Python programming to register for this course!
I really strugled with the course; especially assignment.There is a lot of talking and little time is spend on how the code is working. I feel anyone who is already a programmer in another language might be finding it easy follow the chapters.I was very difficult to complete the assignments - Most of the time it felt totally outside of what has been discussed till then. (Out of syllabus)
This course is too easy for me. But if you are a beginner you will find it difficult.I download all the materials and try my best to complete all the assignment without watching the final part and submit them at almost the same time cause I find it joyful. To be honest, read the book entitled Python For Data Analysis 2nd may be a better choice instead of watching these tuition videos.
Very unresponsible professor. No passion at all!!!!! Did not explain the fundamental concept well. As a result, I do not think I have a deep understangin at all. I spend most my time google in order to finish my assignments.I give him the second star only because I the way he designed those challenging assignments. He should include some skill needed to finish the assignments.
According to me this course will be not good for beginners , i m not telling for who is absolute beginners  in programming world  but it is also difficult for who just completed the python from scratch and enter into in this course.The instructor was too fast (i know that we can reduced the video speed, so don't suggest that).here i m not able to point out whole thing.
The depth and amount of knowledge delivered in class versus the level of complexity of the assignments, leaves the student with a very high degree of research, which is always good, however, it must have a balance.
I do not agree with leaving most of the learning on the research side, you should keep in mind that students may have little knowledge about the subject.
Very good lectures and examples. Horrible autograder - very stiff and all results must be in a very strict order and format. Extremenly vague questions prone to misinterpretation. Most of the time is not spent on analysing data or coding but trying to understand the autograder and questions. The stress should be somewhere else. As a whole poorly prepared course.
1. Jupiter notebook constantly loses touch and you have to reload the page, and you have not saved the last changes ...2. Outdated versions of Panda are used and who knows what else, so if you are not completing the task in their notebook, this can be a problem, as for me.3. The background with people at video lectures distracts from the lecturer's words
I learned a lot taking this course but it requires a lot of work from the student. The video lectures have little contents and are somewhat superficial and the assignments are somewhat confusing. One must read a lot about the assignments in the forum otherwise it's impossible to complete them. It took me tens of hours of hard work before I learned that.
I think the assignments really help you learn a lot! But there isn't much help or aide at all from the classes. You basically have to learn everything on your own with no help, and the forum is rarely ever useful. So I would not recommend taking this class unless you are already used to using Pandas and are very advanced or intermediate with python.
The autograder works with a pandas version thats very old so you must learn how to code in pandas 0.8 while most PCs now hace Pandas 1.5. It also is too picky and shows little information about the errors, you'll need to dig up infromation from 3-4 years worth of forum entries. THE COURSE IS INTERESTING BUT ITS BLOODY ANNOYING AND FRUSTRATING!
For an Introduction class, this is way too advanced. the course material are minimal. while this might be for a targeted audience, its fine to keep the videos at this length, but at least add some further readings/videos from other sources.   Providing a bit more structured learning is way better than leaving students lost at assignments.
I found this course heavy going. There were no notes and I could not afford the recommended textbooks. I found myself having to search for information in the videos in order to complete quizzes and assignments. I passed the course, but have opted to do the IBM Professional Certificate instead of continuing with the specialisation.
The material is fine. However, the reason I rate it so low is that there are no practice problem that it walks you through. It gives you assignments and expects you to go and solve. I know how to search for random questions with Stack Overflow already. I was looking for a detailed course on how to do it; not just talk about it.
The course and content is by itself ok / good. The time needed for doing the exercise is quite long and the automatic grading is not straightforward. So i spend a lot of time debugging my code to have functional code to the robot checker and not just to make it work (Very true for Week 3). Not my favorite mooc i have complete.
The grader is pretty frustrating for no apparent reason, when checking a data frame have it check for equality row by row and be specific when asking questions. I suggest you make the questions return smaller size answers that can easily be checked. The course itself is OK but as a whole it is not that great.
There's a big mismatch between stuff they teach and what you're required to complete. Skills learned: dealing with annoying and obscure stuff produced by grader and reading forum.  Suggestions for authors:  simplify and/or write better grading code;  review your own instructions by giving clear examples.
Doesn't provide resources to complete assignments.Telling students to "go to Stack Overflow" is a serious red flag.Independent learning is an incredibly valuable process, but this course felt more like a series of challenge assignments to do once you've learned Pandas on your own from another source.
Too hard. I had to keep reading docs, examples, other works and codes similar to this one. The exercises notebooks are too hard compared to what is barely explained. It is just a guy frozen in front of the camera talking constantly in same voice tone for several minutes, in almost all videos.
If you are a beginner in pandas, numpy, do not even think of doing this specialization. You will start hating these beautiful technologies. Only do this if you have good previous knowledge of these technologies or you determine to learn new things from online internet resources.
Teaching is good, but absolutely no relation between assignments and teaching. Either the lectures should cover more concepts, or the assignments should be made easier. Took me hours together to solve the assignments. Also, questions should me more clear and framed properly.
Lecturer seems unaware that most people are coming across this material for the first time. Goes over things too fast with not enough examples. Assignments have a lot of questions that are ambiguous and lead to a waste of time trying to figure out what you are being asked.
A serious lack of guidance within this course. in order to be successful in the assignments, it is absolutely necessary to look by oneself from outside resources. Better directly get a position in data analytics and learn once in the job, than actually use this course...
Did not feel that I got anything useful from here. The teachers have great knowledge, the assignments are good no doubt. But this I can do easily looking at different materials present on the internet. There is nothing good or extra that I got from buying this coures.
I had non background with 'pandas' and spent about 90-95% of my time googling the necessary commands, because they are not provided in the lectures. I don't see the point in paying for a course which only provides you with tasks and not the tools to complete it.
When you are here, after learning Python you don't expect from your instructor to tell us that he is importing a library by using an XYZ command but you surely expect from him to tell what that library does. It took so much extra effort to complete the course.
To be true , it killed all of my intension of exploring this field. The lectures were as short as possible and the assignments are burdened with heavy works.And above all they don't co-relate to each other.I am lucky that i did not go for the specialization.
You basically need to learn everything by your own if you want to pass the assignments, there is little to none learning from the videos, But at the end if you make all the effort by yourself you will end up with lot of learning in how to use Pandas.
Not a good course even if someone has done prerequisite courses. Nothing is explained well in lecture videos but expectations are very high in assignment questions. Even if there were no lecture videos, that wouldn't have made any difference.
Two stars because I have found poor explanations of assignments. I finished the course without being very clear what I was asked, and I lacked more feedback when one of the tasks is wrong. The teacher and the videos are very good.
The topic explanations and videos are very simple compared to the level of difficulty of the assignments. Also, assignments are ambiguous, it takes a lot of time and forum visits to completely understand what is being asked.
Hi,What they teach and what they give as assignments have a huge gap in knowledge level. Hopefully they revise the transcript and teaching material. Finished this course, but had to take a lot of help from other sources.
Course will just give you an overview of basics. This course will just make you familiar with some terminologies, assignments are good but lectures are not sufficient to solve them. lectures will just show you direction.
I realize Python is prerequisite, but there is very little Python instruction. At a minimum, it would have been very helpful if the professors explained the syntax of the python examples that are shown during lectures.
It was a difficult course. I had to learn all the stuff by myself. I request Coursera and University of Michigan to please elaborate the things taught in the class. It has been very difficult for first timers like us.
The teaching way of the course teacher is not very much understandable. Most of the time I had to watch YouTube videos to understand the functions. The 2 stars I'm giving, is for the materials covered in this course.
With great tasks, lectures, there're terrible assignments, w/o explanation, multiple interpretations. Ttest task in Module 4, is really a hard task, w/o any explanation, could have moved it in a different course.
I really think this course is not organized in this way. It should be a little organized. The overall concepts are not clear either. This course is not so good as an introductory course in data science.
I was considering taking the other data science courses offered in this series but was not happy with the way this course was prepared.  I completed the course but would not recommend it for beginners.
The lecture is so compact that does not tell us all the needed details. The assignments are just too much work, and we are expected to find everything by ourselves... Not recommended to newbies.
They barely touche over the material in the lectures, the assignments are mostly a waste of time and unrelated to the topic thought in the lectures.This would be a good course if it was free.
The explanations in the videos are very superficial compared to the level you need to demonstrate in the assignments. It's basically self-learning with very negligible amount of guidance.
I think that this course is not an introduction course. The assignment were really hard. If there was little assignments after 2-3 min. of video lectures, it would be more informative.
Content In Video Course Was Very Poor Especially the background kept me disturbing regularly, I literally had to cover the area with my hand to hide the background movement with hand.
The course is neither for beginner nor for intermediate level students. Course is sort of tutorial where how is well explained, what is some time explained but why is always missing.
The introduction videos are tiresome to watch. Instead of explaining how to program it would to be better to give an assignment and use videos to only explain data science concepts.
The course content and the learning strategy is very good, but restricting assignments submissions to the paid subscription, although I have received financial aid from Coursera.
The code is already written, which means there is no opportunity to practice. More over, the examples have no baring on the homework problems. Would not recommend this course.
The lectures are not very useful in solving the assignments. This cannot be said as an introductory course rather it requires good python skills before starting this course.
Lot's of problems with the autograder, lack of teaching staff support to answer questions in a timely manner. Assignments need to be more representative of class lectures.
Content wise is ok. An easy introduction. The bugs made it annoying. Especially Week 2 final exercise https://nzh13lxjj0.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/index/2/
It would be a very nice course... if this guy was actually teaching and not explaining the basics and expecting people just to search online of the remaining 90%
the voice of the teacher is not loud plus the assignments are too tough to clear, I think a basic version of learning pandas should be there before this course.
Too fast and need to break the content even smaller with frequent practise assignment and graded quiz, just make it like python for everybody specialization
I didn’t like how the subjects are explained, and i feel the grading system is not good at all. It would be better if assignments were graded by peers.
The course rushes through a lot of concepts and expects the learner to figure out real insights using public resources. The reference material is poor.
A horrible course with very little detail than required, I had to access a lot of additional resources than coursera in order to complete this course.
The content of teaching in videos is a way too less than the level of asssignments .I had to make a lot of efforts on my own to understand the things.
The ways is taught is not very good - basically a lot info in short timespan. I don't think the Jupyter Notebooks format is the adequate for teaching.
its hard for beginners to understand in the flow , it took me time to complete the course by studying about the same concept in other resources too
For some reason the format in which the lectures are organized lack a lot of tact and seem to be made with no pedagogic consideration whatsoever.
Explanations of python were pretty coarse, the video was not helping much. I feel like I spent time doing 99% of python and 1% of data science.
Many bugs, lecture content does not cover topics required to complete the assignments, assignment instructions are not written in a clear way.
The speaker speaks too fast for any useful "sharing". One need to do reverse engineering to understand the code and underlying concept.
Videos not very explanatory, ended up being a lot of self-teaching, video seemed too scripted and didn't really explain concepts well
Good course materials and the assignment itself is pretty good, but the grader is buggy, not informative and wasted a lot of my time.
Too much focus on databases and database operations, rather than data science.The assignments are too difficult for a 4 week course.
Assignments were not clearly documented, causing lot of time spent in understanding the requirements than implementing a solution.
The course is very fast-paced and explanations are not clear neither detailed, it looks like instructors are just doing formality
The learning is very fast paced.It seems like the trainer is in hurry.He just touched some keyword without going into details.
The instructor is very fast and assignments are very tough. Their is huge difference between the course and the structure.
Pretty difficult course I would recommend the instructions to be more clear and assignments a little more easier .
Videos are too fast and the assignments are barely dependent on the videos. Had to spend a lot of time on Google.
The materials are great, but the pace is too fast, I can hardy catch up. Really need to slow down a little bit.
2 stars only for the great assignments. Whatever I learnt in this course is through google and assignments.
The lectures are much too concise, practice is scarce which renders an overall frustrating experience.
Need clearer examples and explanations. Slides summing up concepts or used functions will be great.
Do you want all the fun sucked out of Data Science! This course's autograder will do it for you!
Good course but somethings are not explicitly stated when it comes to the exams and quizzes.
faculty not that good as compared to my last course's.Charles severance was a great teacher.
I really don't like the way of explaining the processthe worst course i have ever seen
I didn't find it good, it's pretty much straight forward with no explanation as such..
Instructor hardly teaches anything and gives you the toughest assignments to do.
Pointless course. They teach you very little. Google is your actual teacher.
the level taught in the course did not match the level of given assignments.
Lectures were not clear and too short. A lot of external study is required
Lectures are useless. But the assignments CAN BE pretty good practices
I felt lost using Python as a data analysis software with this course.
the corrector system was very bad and i m not undrestod my mistake
Very fewer video lectures and I felt Assignments to be very hard
I found the teacher boring, but his teaching was a little fast.
for an introduction course it was just too much to understand.
Very fast paced and concepts explanation was not upto the mark
very  tough tutorial is easy but assignment  are very tough.
assignments are tough. didn't expect too much high level.
The lectures were not enough for the assignments provided
Good content but too fast pace and confusing assigments.
Jupyter notebook for assignments  do not work properly.
The questions are very hard and not covered in training
Dint teach anything used in the assignments properly
The problem is the lack of practical exercises
It's asking for money to continue the course
A bit more motivation needed in this course
Good material, let down by instructors.
Its too fast paced and less elaborated
Nothing new. I recalled what I knew
The lessons were too fast and dense
Very fast paced and poorly taught.
Theory is not related to exercises
Good materials, annoying grading.
Better reading a pandas book.
Not much of a use.
Less interesting
hard assignments
Too fast paced
Huge disparity between the course videos and the assignments provided. A background in basic programming is highly recommended. The assignments provided are of good quality however, and provide a great learning experience given one can get through them.
great course, but the auto grader needs updating
It would be nice if Coursera could update the Python environment used for the exercises and assignments to something recent. The version they're using (0.19) is fairly old. Every single assignment that I had running against 0.24 had to be altered in some way to work for 0.19.
Good course overall, but more material is required to be learned outside of this class for the required assignments than what is actually taught in the class by a very wide margin
Assignment 3, question 1:  The autograder would mark this answer correct even when the data in the DataFrame was wrong.  I discovered this after I answered the question, was told it was correct, but I produced wrong answers for subsequent questions that depended on the first one.  Messages from fellow students in the forum helped me track down the problem.Assn. 3, question 2: This was worded very awkwardly and the Venn diagram seemed to contradict the question rather than clarify it.Assn. 4, question 1 ("get_list_of_university_towns"): The function template provided has a long comment block that seemed to be complete instructions for what the function should do.  However, there are two other different versions of the instructions for this assignment in the Coursera course resources section and Google Drive.  If the function template includes instructions in the comments, they should be complete.  Otherwise, don't show them at all and let the student get the instructions from the other document.  Also, the course's "Resources" section doesn't seem like the correct place for these instructions.  They should be under the "Instructions" tab of the assignment submission page.The instructor, teaching staff, mentors, etc. are almost completely unhelpful or extremely slow to answer questions.  With regards to my forum postings for assn. 3, a staff member replied only recently, about two weeks after I asked the question.  Since then, I've completed that assignment and the one following it!The course videos are difficult to watch.  Whenever Mr. Brooks shows how some code works in Jupyter Notebook, he uses a full-screen view of his browser.  On my laptop with a 15-inch screen, his font is a little too small to read easily.  I need to concentrate so much more on deciphering the screen that I can't easily keep up with what he is saying.  Sometimes I wanted to view the course video on my phone or mobile device.  At those times, it was impossible to read the screen being shown.  I recommend these alternate ways of showing the code:Use slides.  Students usually don't need to see the instructor typing in real-time.  Show a slide with the code and the result.Use a large font.  If showing real-time input and results is important for a specific question, use a large font or zoom in the display as much as possible.There were some small mistakes made in the videos and assignments that make me think all the materials need some proofreading and updates.Overall, I'm glad I took the course.  I wish several things were better, though.  I'm looking forward to the next course of the specialization (data visualization), which is the one I was most interested in taking.  I took this course because I would need it for the final certificate and I wanted to be sure I didn't miss any information that would be helpful in the second course.  I thought maybe the first course wouldn't be interesting to me, since I have many years of Python programming experience.  However, I was pleased to find that the course covered a lot of pandas features and some of the mathematics and statistics techniques that I haven't used in many years, so those contributed to making the course challenging.  I would prefer to have done without the additional challenges related to autograder technical shortcomings, though.
I think all the assignments in this course are interesting and well designed. I learned more from doing the assignments than watching the videos. Yes, it took me a lot of time searching and reading stack overflow and other similar resources, but I did learn from them. Most of my frustration was in fact coming from their outdated Autotrader - for those who plan to do the assignments on local Jupyter Notebook, you'll run into some confusion and frustration with their Autograder as their Pandas are not as updated as your Pandas. This means that even though your code can run perfectly correct on your local, it doesn't mean it would do the same with the Autograde after you uploaded for grading. I spent tons of time, not on debugging exactly, but on figuring out why my code won't just execute after submission. I guess my advice to avoid similar frustration would be just writing assignments in the Jupyter Notebook on Coursera. As for the video lectures, I agree that they could and should be made better in terms of pedagogy. I'm sure the professor and the teaching assistance are absolutely knowledgable on the subject, but their teaching style is way too stiff. Basically they were just reading off a prepared script, which was not colloquial at all, and they rush through it. I don't think coding skills can be taught in the way of lectures as if delivering a TV speech. Honestly, lots of free youtube videos are better at online teaching than this course. This is an intermediate level course in python, but entitling it as 'Introduction to Data Science in Python' kinda devalued how much of strength people have to spend on finishing it.  But all in all, I did learn a lot from completing this course, thanks to the well-designed assignments. I would recommend this course to those who wouldn't mind spending more time doing their own thinking and research.
The basic skill on how to get data from the csv files and excel files. Cleaning and manupulating and making dataframes are taught in the course. I am giving a comparitvely low score because there are multiple things i didnt like:The professeor and the tutor in the video lectures are too boring. Straight forward they keep on taking and playing a video in which the codes are written at lightning fast speeds.It becomes hard to keep up with learning as it goes super fast. They just keep on talking before a letting a person digest the syntax of code. The assignments were super difficult for a beginner like me and the questions wording omgggg! The questions aren't framed well at all had to keep searching the discussion forums.Not for the beginners course as it becomes too difficult to keep up with. Just keep searching forums in the clue of getting the syntax. Really i was not much impressed by the professor. They should definitely make it more interactive rather than super boring.
Overall the course is fine. Much of the work is left out to the user, which would be a good thing if the lectures actually spent time discussing a topic. The instructor picks up a topic and shows us one example and is done with it.I was disappointed with the teaching style. That being said, I did learn a lot in this course. I learnt a lot of stuff, but I wasn't taught much. Some of the topics were really interesting but they are concluded in 5 minutes max. I really wish the programming walkthrough were more comprehensive and not just "here's how you do this thing, let's move on".The assignments are challenging, but are poorly worded. Half the time I had to figure out myself what the assignment was asking me to do.
Assignments should be peer-reviewed. Spent most of my time trying to figure out why my code run successfully on Jupyter Notebook but not getting any grades on Coursera Grading system. Especially the Assignment 3 was a nightmare for me. Eventough I was getting the right outputs on Jupyter Notebook I had to spent several extra days to fit my code for the Coursera Grading System. Apart from that assignments are forcing learners to get more insight in python individually, which was great for me. If you're total beginner to Python there is very high chance that you may drop the course due to assignments.
The course was frustrating in the occasional lack of specificity in the assignments, which led to problems with the grader.  I assume that these resulted in the replacement by a new course, which unfortunately does not begin until after I had already completed this.  The lectures by Prof. Brooks sometimes covered the material quickly without developing the points step by step.  The lectures by the assistant were very difficult to follow.  The assignments were challenging and I have a sense of accomplishment having completed them all.
Concepts could have been taught with more explanation. I prefer learning from books. On trying this video course, it seems VERY tough & so time-consuming to learn. Elaborate explanations could have been provided.Or at least if I could say, I already knew basic Python but learned Pandas for the first time. Advanced Pandas should be explained with more videos, more steps.I needed to replay video parts countless times because of only higher level explanation in videos
Almost every course everyone complain about assignments being hard..... but this one is EXCEPTIONALLY hard. Last question of assignment 4 is compulsory to pass the course and trust me it will bring to you trauma and pain like you have never imagined before. Otherwise the lecturer is actually pretty good, and the other assignments are great for learning!!! I really think they overkilled it with assignment 4 though
Generally, very good selection of content. The explanations are insufficient for passing the assignments tho, which means that most of the course work is self-study from the web. The buggy auto-grader sometime made the submission of the assignments quite a pain as one has to find a way to change the code in a way that still produces the right answer but doesn't blow up the auto-grader.
The content and assignments are certainly useful and relevant. However, the lectures are too short and do not help much with doing the assignment. As a beginner, I relied heavily on google and the discussion forum to get through the assignment. And I am not sure if i can actually tackle similar problems again without referring back to the pre-mentioned resources.
Interesting course covering the main introduction topics to Data Science, however there is a too large gap between the theoretical (videos, Jupiter notebook examples, ...) lessons provided and the knowledge required to perform the assignment. The time to do individual research to perform the assignment is tremendous. This is not an easy course at all.
I didn't feel that the lecture material corresponded to the exercises. I spent all my time just looking at Stack Overflow. The exercises are also not clearly written, such that you spend time trying to adhere to solving for the solution as opposed to learning Python fundamentals.
I learned things, yes. But I was here to try and learn what is already there in the books; I thought it would make me understand easily and in interesting ways. I was disappointed. There is no point in taking the course if it sends me back to the books. :(
More concise coding tutorials and less "search on your own on the internet" needed. It is great to get to know the online community and the course needs more coding example directly relat to exams.
A lot of self directed learning, bordering on excessive. Sometimes it takes some investigation to figure out why the autograder did not pass you. Overall, I felt I learned a lot, much on my own.
This is a great overview for python, but the materials/videos/slides are very elementary compared to the sophistication of the homework. Required many more hours than the estimates.
Statistical stuffs are really tough, it's hard to understand without any background also the assignment materials should be discussed more, they should be included in the course.
I learned a lot by doing assignments, but the course materials are not helpful. Stackflow and Python documents guide me much more than the course itself.
Too fast explanation
I do have background in OOP programming but not Python. But I do also programming in MATLAB. I chose this course to learn more about technical skills to do research in data mining, data science, and machine learning. The instructor is fine but the lecture note is not really helpful. Students need more clear written information than just lecturing in Video as referring to lecture notes as needed would be more efficient. Each week assigns one programming assignment consisting of multiple problems. I don't think the shown expected time to complete each assignment is totally unrealistic. It took tremendous time to complete and at least to pass it. One good thing is that as far as you complete it within the session, there is no penalty and you can get the passing scores. However, all the programming is graded by the autograder which has a lot of bugs. For example, the exactly same solutions that was passed by the autograder as correct previously are graded as incorrect in the next trial. The staff people try to help but I totally don't understand their approach in that 'this may help but I am not sure if the autograder can accept it'. I believe they try to fix the bugs and use the 'trustworthy' autograder so students can rely on the feedback provided the autograder. We are not learning how to make the autograder not generate errors. I believe many of students are taking this course to improve their career performance. In my case, I am working as a full-time while I am taking this course. Due to the lack of time and the inefficient/faulty autograder, I took a lot of my precious time. I got passed this course with 95 and will continue taking the rest of the courses in this specialization because I already paid the whole specialization package and supported by my company. But I believe the staff team should improve the technical aspects so students can save a lot of their time. Also many of the programming problems do not have the sufficient level of clarity. For each problem, there should be an example so students do not have to spend too much time to understand or guess the solution. I found many inconsistency in the solutions although I guessed it by spending a lot of time to pass this course.
I have mixed feelings about this course. On the one hand, finishing this course gives you some level of satisfaction due to the challenges and real world examples for you to work on. The Jupyter interface is excellent as a teaching tool by providing interactive code. However, there were several times where I thought this was more challenging than it needed to be and some improvements to pedagogy could be made. (To give you an idea of my skill level, I have coded in R for a few years and finished Dr. Chuck's entire Python specialization before starting this course.)  For example, in most standard lessons, a new concept is introduced and then a learner can practice that concept with a simple problem. That simple problem can be followed by progressively harder problems. However, in this course, we're often asked to try hard problems soon after seeing the concept for the first time which can be frustrating. In addition, the lessons are often too fast and some examples are presented unexplained. One idea that comes to mind is in the discussion of the merge function. It requires passing in references to "left" and "right" but the instructor never explains what these refer to. I figured it out eventually but saying explicitly that "left refers to the first data frame and right refers to the second" takes 5 seconds to say and spares the user from resolving the source of the terms. Seeking resources outside the course platform is required throughout. This is expected to supplement learning every now and then in different courses. However in this course, the degree of seeking outside help just seems so high that I could do this on my own while performing my own data science projects. I understand that this is probably the first iteration of the course and that they will likely find ways to improve it. The lessons and assignments seem akin to something you would do in a real job, so finishing the tasks provides some feeling of accomplishment. The subject material is awesome and I think this course will remain popular.
I have mixed views about this course.  The net result IS worthwhile and you definitely learn by being thrown in the deep end (this is not a softball "what's a for loop / Programming 101" type course.)First of all, be aware that the "estimated time of completion" for the assignments is low to put it very mildly: assignments that are estimated "90 minutes" may be more like eight to ten hours to complete (verified by many different course-takers, all of whom had extensive previous programming experience.)  Do not take this course unless you can spend at least ten hours a week completing the assignments (unless you're already a prodigy in Python/Pandas -- but if so, why take this course?)  Second of all, the lectures do not contain anywhere near all of the material you need to actually complete the assignments (the course creators even acknowledge this.)  It took me a couple of assignments to realize this was so.  It really made me think watching the lectures was a slight waste of time, so if you find yourself frustrated thinking you "missed something" because you don't know how to complete the assignment after viewing the lectures, you most likely _didn't_ miss anything: just expect to spend a lot of time Googling answers in order to find what you need.Third: the autograder here is really quirky.  Once I got the hang of it and just reviewed the whole .py file generated to see where the problem was (versus just using the IPython window) it clicked pretty well, but I definitely spent a few hours flailing around trying to get my code to submit successfully.  I hadn't had any issues with any other courses in this department.That being said: the skills learned are definitely "deep" and quantifiable and you get right into the thick of things after the first assignment.  I'd venture to say that if you complete this entire 5 course sequence you'd probably have at least a passing knowledge of the subject matter for an interview in this field.
Well, I was new to Python. And This course has great material and helps develop decent skills in working with Datafarmes, Series, and Pandas and Numpy libraries. Overall, I am happy with What I learned. But there are a couple IMPORTANT points to consider:1. The assignments requires a huge amount of self-study and it takes way more than the suggested time to complete. 2. The assignment grader may act up or be very picky on data types and do not credit you for the right answer3. The course can get very frustrating as the answer to the final question of assignment#4 determines whether you pass the course or not (it is 50% of the total grade!!). Although, you should be able to get to the right answer through the tips in the forum, it is really hard to figure out the solution on your own since there are many rooms for little mistakes which lead to the wrong answer.Suggestion: I think the questions should be designed in a way that there are small points for each step of the solution. So, We get to the solution step by step. Having 50% for just one final answer is not reasonable and makes it frustrating for the students.4. The course subscription is monthly and it makes it even more frustrating when you are stuck with a wrong answer that holds up course completion. I think where huge effort is required to pass the course, having a monthly subscription rather than one-time payment for the course, is not a good incentive at all, but it is very frustrating when you get close to the deadline and can't fix your code to get the answer. Finally, I want to thank Dr. Brooks and staff (specially Sophie) for the good course. I would like to sign up for the next course in this specialization. But I am debating since I don't want to get stuck with the unreasonable monthly subscription method and frustrating assignment grading system. Thanks,Ershad
The course is quite demanding from the get go. If you are trying to get by with casual interest, then this is not the course for you. Much of my December vacation (which I had earmarked for playing video games) was spent coding on this course. The biggest gripe I have about the course is the grader system. It gives a binary output indicating whether you got the question right or wrong. Unfortunately, often that is not good enough, to debug your code. I spent hours figuring out what's going on. The forums were also not helpful, since there were not many taking the course.At the end of all this, if I ask myself, did I learn a lot? The answer is probably no. However, I did get a lot of coding experience. Debugging experience. We have many databases (MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc), which have far more powerful features than what pandas can do. Therefore, as a system designer, it is unclear to me as to why I would ever pick Pandas over the rest. It appears quite slow (compared to the likes of time tested databases). It offers very few features (when compared to a DB). Lastly, I can use it only with Python. To me, it appears to be a no-brainer to use any one of those DBs to store, modify and massage my data. Maybe there are valid applications that can make use of Pandas like features, but I did not learn that from the courseSummary:Better Motivation to use Pandas over standard DatabasesBetter grader design.
On the one hand, this course is stuck in 2016. Even the assignments' tools are dated. In fact, if you are working offline and you want to make sure your results match the grader, you'd better create a virtual environment with Pandas v0.19.2.There isn't that much activity on the discussion forum. Nevertheless you can see there is always someone answering to students' questions. There are quite a few questions related to getting a better understanding of what the assignment expects. There are also some bugs the grader keeps showing since 2016.It's also a very dense course, with a lot of information. For some videos, I had to spend a lot of time going through every single concept shared and do my own research.On the other hand, I felt challenged to complete the assignments and, due to the fact the lectures only give you the basics to start investigating, I ended up learning a lot going through online resources (i.e. mainly Stack Overflow). Even though it's been hard, I feel like I've learned a lot.I think Coursera should force courses' providers to either updating their material or making visible when it was last updated and, especially when it comes to using tools, which version of such tools should be used.
Not a bad starter, considering it's a free course, but the lectures were somewhat short. Some things from lectures and tasks were pretty discouraging. For example, on week 4 there is a task that culminates in doing a T-test, but all that the lecturer says about it is "I'm not going to go into detail here, read wikipedia page or take a statistics course to know what the t-test is". Well, it's definitely not a nice thing to say on an introductory course. Same goes to Pearson correlation coefficient - it's in the task, but not explained anywhere on the course. Not all of us have a background in statistics.Tasks are implemented in the form of IPython notebooks (essentially a web page where one can write Python code) and rated by an automated rater, which sometimes gives good clues, but sometimes "result was incorrect" is all you get in response. What I felt was not very convenient is that the rater is asynchronous - you can't run it directly on your current notebook, you have to send your work to be rated using a special button instead. Then after some minutes yo can see the result on a separate page. It works, but slows down the process a bit.
While there are some great things about this course, I was still somewhat disappointed in the manner of teaching. Too often, what was discussed was basic examples of pandas without really explaining how pandas functions. This lead to frustration and excessive scouring of the online API ,Stackoverflow, or the forums to find out how to program a task. Personally, I found learning SQL easier than the pandas library. There is a great deal of good stuff here though, such as the read and response tasks. These add a great deal of depth and perspective to the class and Data Science in general. Also, the subject of the assignments are mostly interesting and realistic problems. As is, though, I'm not sure I'd recommend this class. On one hand, the assignments do set deadlines and motivate a person to learn pandas and data manipulation. On the other hand, much of the pandas learning occurs using outside resources, which could be done without the class. On the whole, however, I have gained Data Science skills, knowledge and perspective from taking this class, and will continue with this series.
The course is fast paced and the videos do not cover all of what is necessary to know to pass the assignments. However, this is not a problem as all the necessary references are given. The problem is the way the programming assignments are designed and the automatic grader, which should definitely be improved. Some times you spend hours to figure out what is wrong and you finally find out that you have a precision error because of using a library function instead of another (same purpose) or you spend our to manipulate a Pandas dataframe to respond to the specifications, except that all that time is wasted as the grader will accept the first version even if the index does not respond to the requirement (for instance). So, if you want to take it, prepare to fight with the grader. Positive point: Excellent help on the forums, you will not be left alone.
Well I would agree with many other low rated reviews that the course could have been more systematic less focused on self learning but in practical, work won't be straight like question and answer, in some cases there would be no solid answer, skimming through books, stackoverflow and looking things from others' perspective will make one's project/work really interesting and worthwhile. Plenty of resources already there on internet just we have to be more efficient in getting those. I won't recommend this course to a new candidate looking for very structured course but to those who are quite already familiar with programming field as the course says and self-learners. Course can be much better if instructor could provide more tips and tricks or simpler way things could have been done because at the end improvising is the goal.
Only 37 minutes of video, average per week. Really nice, pleasant video, but don't expect to learn how to solve the problems, because there is little connection from the problems to the videos.Teaching assistants are hard -working and knowledgable and each has a different way to do things.Very little in the way of effective educational design.But they do create useful questions to answer, if you are stubborn enough not to need actual instruction.The estimate of time required is woefully inadequate.The best thing you can do is lookup Brandon Rhodes on Youtube. He will actually explain Pandas. Expect to invest about four hours in his videos and still have questions. Use the course forum extensively — only there will you get a hint of how to do what they ask.Google and Stack Overflow: that's their extensive list of references.
The course was challenging, and although I would have liked a bit more information from the video lectures, and a bit more practice on using the basic functions, I learned a lot. I thought the video lectures were a little sparse. There were only 20-30 minutes worth of video lectures per week and the assignments required you to stretch the knowledge that you gained from the lecture videos quite a bit. More examples in video lectures would have helped. I would have also liked to see a few simple problems in each assignments just to get comfortable using the various functions introduced in the lecture. So overall, the course was challenging and definitely a fair amount of work coming from someone new to python (but moderately experienced in C programming), and although I would have liked a bit more guidance, I learned a lot.
Good introduction of working with tabular data in Pandas dataframes. I've learnt how to access columns, rows, and specific values in a dataframe. How to transform the data. And how to merge dataframes together. The assignments are a lot of do-it-yourself by reading documentation and Q&A sites. So you're forced to read a lot, and learn more than actually necessary. Teacher and mentors gave hints on the discussion forum which helped. Could have been better if part of the solution is given. E.g. answer = 0.0073.........64 without actually giving the full answer. I also think the automatic grader should give an explanation or example of a correct answer when the assignment is answered correctly. It would have been better that way, because I could review the strengths and weaknesses of the methods I used to get to the answer.
First of all, I would say that the course is right for people who are willing to learn a lot by their self. That's because the assignments are highly beyond the scope of the lectures. It sometimes took me 3 hours to complete a single assignment. Furthermore, you should have some fundamentals in programming, since some concepts are handled as prerequisites.The Quality of the videos are quite okay, but often too fast and not detailed enough. I don´t like the Autograder and would love to have some peer assignments instead. And all external (ungraded) tools are currently offline. So that's a pitty and should be fixed as soon as possible! For those who learn through google (Stackoverflow) and of course, trial and error (I think that's the daily business of a Data Scientist / Data Analyst), I would recommend the course.
Very disappointing course. 
The grader threw exceptions around when either my Jupyter Note Book nor the Spyder IDE  I use did. I understand the use of documentation is part of the course experience,  but when you find yourself learning more by your own than using the course content, what do I need it for?
When I enrole in a course I hope to hack my way to knowledge, and not just to be tested and loose huge amounts of time looking for the right answer to a specific problem. I want it to teach me how to solve those problems, not to tell me where I can look for possible solutions. Exercises should be a playground for assimilation of concepts and an affordable challenge. That is my opinion at least.A true shame considering how good the Python for Everybody Course is.I can't recommend this course.
The lectures are of good quality. They are on a practical and introductory level as implied by the course's title.The Python programming assignments are not very good and do not match the quality of the lectures. The tasks do provide meaningful practice but there are many technical and quality issues. I will just list two of them: One issue is that some functions you need to fill in do too much and when automatic grading software judges your function incorrect then the feedback given is far from sufficient for debugging. Another issue I had is the grader was not grading the version of my code I saw in the jupyter notebook but rather an earlier version it had saved. Issues like make this course significantly inferior to other coursera courses I've taken.
I LOVED the content but the assignments were WAY too hands-off for my taste.  The lack of video explanations for how to go about approaching the assignments, and lack of written instructions, lead me to feel like I was spending hours upon hours teaching myself instead of learning from someone.  That may be a great way to teach but it is very time-consuming and not ideal for busy students.  My other gripe was that the automatic grader was very unforgiving for even slight variations, e.g. I spent approximately 2 hours converting my PeriodIndex values for assignment 4 from pd.Period('2001Q3') to strings in the form of '2001Q3' and then had to lowercase the 'Q' to 'q' before I received a passing grade which I felt was a large waste of time.
The videos are to-the-point and there is a lot of great exposure to field of data science. The assignments are instructive and very realistic I think. The forums are well monitored and the staff does help. HOWEVER- there is much to be done with the course grader. The course does not support assignments in the latest versions of pandas, which is a real headache. I'm at the point now where I have done everything except the last question on the last assignment, and I'm just going to move on to other things in my life. Because I have the latest version of pandas and I don't want to spend the time to figure out how to use the one the grader supports. Also, I did well learning the material, but my intuition for a statistical ttest is weak.
the learning environment and the scripts are very nice, they're very easy to read and to comprehend, and have a lot of insights. The same can be said about the assignments. They're a steep curve from the materials covered in the lessons, but are related and can be done. The classes, however, are a (very) weak point. Instead of going through the coding, doing slowly some examples and explaining through the codes, the lecturers are, in practice, just citing the classes notebooks. In this sense, there's no need for the class. Moreover, although they indicated this is not a beginner's class into Python, it is not an intermediate or advanced either, so the lectures should be paced more slowly and more detailed on the coding.
A course which has great assignments. However, the video itself is a bit boring. Most of the time, my motivation to learn this course is just doing its assignments. At the same time, the assignments are somewhat difficult for those who are not familiar with Python, but for me it's just OK. What I want to make complaints about the assignments is that sometimes the Autograder is so rigid that I have to try one question over and over again until the Autograder "feels happy", and for me, sometimes the gap between "correct answer" and "incorrect answer" isn't so large...And finally, thank you, teacher Christopher Brooks! You are ateacher full of passion, and I actually learnt a lot from you and your course.
Lectures were interesting and well put together, however the assignments and the knowledge required for the assignments were not covered in the lecture material.  While I can appreciate that every course will require some elements of self-learning and exploration, this felt a step too far.    My sense is that if you have some experience in the actual topics covered by the course, and are looking to verify your knowledge with a certificate, you will be fine.  However if you are hoping to actually learn about the topics, you are going to have to work very hard.  I'm hoping that the coverage of course material to assignment requirements is a lot better in the subsequent courses in this specialization.
The course definitively succeeded in motivating to struggle with Python, using different tools to search for solutions and trying out different ways to solve certain questions. However, this was mainly achieved through the assignments which appeared not to be 100% in line with the lectures (what was needed was not touched in the lectures or only after the respective assignment).Whta is additionally challenging is that the Jupiter Notebooks for the weeks and additional trainung notebooks created by the user on the one hand and the assignment notebook are using different versions of Python. This is kind of unintended additional training (trying to identify alternative ways to answer the questions).
The course content and assignments are pretty good at covering the fundamentals of how to manipulate data in python, I did learn a lot that I can see my self applying practically.  Where it falls down though is the assignment auto-grader.  It's immensely fussy (as I understand it has to be), but the assignment instructions are often very vague and don't sufficiently explicitly define whats expected.  This means you spend more than 50% of your assignment time debugging and recasting objects and getting very frustrated whilst doing so.I would recommend this course, but I do hope that the course administrators pick up on this feedback and make the assignments clearer in the future.
This course would be great if you are experienced in Python or any other programming language. The title ' Beginner Specialization. No prior experience required.' is very misleading and if you do not have any experience, you will struggle a lot especially to complete week 3 & 4 assignments. It makes you think and requires a lot of self-study, which is a good way to enhance our knowledge and skills, however assignments are way too challenging for those who are 'beginners' or have little real-world experience. I would not recommend if you do not have much confidence in your programming 'experience'.Having said that, teaching team is great - very knowledgeable and supportive.
For me the course's biggest value-adding point is to simply ask us to  Google everything on Stack Overflow to complete all the assignments, which has almost nothing to do with the course content. The assignments are also badly designed. In the discussion forum you can see lots of confused / frustrated posts.  The TA's and mentors are clearly under-resourced to answer all our questions. The videos unfortunately don't teach us much either. The professor + TA's a simply reading off a teleprompter, and they're rushing through everything. I've done some amazing courses on Python also offered from Uni. of Chicago, but this course has been a big disappointment unfortunately...
This course provided a brief introduction to using Python for data science applications, with a strong focus on pandas method. It is well-suited for students with some background in Python programming. The assignments are rather challenging. It would be great if there are more in-video questions to reinforce our learning and prepare us for the assignments. Working with the autograder required tremendous patience. It would have been a better experience if there was test code to help us debug our errors. On the whole, I benefited from this course, but I must point out that successful completion of the assignments required a lot of independent learning and patience.
I learned so much. However, the lack of support when I got stuck made it a frustrating experience. I would not have been able to pass without the discussion forum tips. Even then, it was a lot of mucking in the dark and assignments took longer to complete than they should have. I'm glad I took the course but it was not designed for someone at my skill level. If the discussion forum was organized in a better way, it would have helped -- I had to scroll through pages of text to find the right tips to identify my mistakes. Sometimes the question requirements were oddly or ambiguously phrased and I misunderstood the expectation for the function being tested.
I appreciate why the data cleaning and debugging steps are included - I imagine this is a key component of working with real world data, but I think the time I spent debugging and cleaning could be better spent purely manipulating the data to get the answers to the questions in the assignments. I don't think the introductory videos on python are necessary - they would not be enough for someone to do the rest of the course. I would replace that with explanations on how to use jupyter notebook and getting more from the course in that way.In all i enjoyed this course, I particularly enjoyed Week 4's lectures on hypothesis testing.
This course is a decent introduction to using the python pandas data science package, but suffers from some problems.The lectures are very brief and do not prepare you well for the assignments. The assignments are not well described and the autograder is very finicky. As a result, every week I spent several hours on the fora and stackoverflow to figure out what the autograder wants, instead of actually learning pandas. I managed to pass this course with (what I know is) subpar code, but we never get to see proper solutions to the assignments.The course has potential, but as it is now, I will continue this specialisation.
This is a decent course. My constructive feedback: -It is pretty light on actual videos and the instructor moves a little too quickly through them-Some of the questions in the assignments aren't as clear as they should be which can result in time spent trying to figure out the question instead of working through the answer With that said, if you have an intro level background in python and enough motivation to finish the course this is a great resource for getting acquainted with Pandas. If you don't have an intro level background in Python and some understanding of objects this will be a real challenge.
The structure of the course is clear. I like the assignments that requires individual learning. Though it is time-assuming, I got much sense of achievement after finishing them. However, what is annoying is that the instructions of assigment and the feedback of automatic correctiong are not specific enough. It takes me too much unnecessary time to figure out what is wrong with my submission.  One example is that the automatic feedback failed to tell me that I mixed up True(boolean) and 'True'(string). I finally realize it after viewing the teaching staff's reponse to others' questions in the discussion.
The assignments were interesting and challenging, but not nearly enough elementary examples were provided in the lecture videos. The in-video quizzes appeared immediately after a new concept was introduced and didn't leave enough time to think and process. For some assignments, it wasn't clear how much of my work should be based on the lecture and how much should be based on independent internet searching. I wish I had learned more about standard conventions for writing certain kinds of code given that the instructor discussed some ways being better than others but never gave sufficient examples.
I came to this course after finishing the 5-course series by "Dr Chuck" Python for Everybody and with no other Python or much else programming experience. It sounded that this is the optimal course to build on the Python for Eevrybody sequence. But it is a huge jump in difficulty, and for a learner like me the lectures way way too fast, and included a lot of specialised programming terms. Also the assignments are hard and often not very well formulated. I am not saying that this course can't be done when just coming out of the Python-for-Everybody series, but it is very demanding.
I believe that this course is one of that courses that make you realize what you are stepping into, My expectations were hurt because i thought that Data Science was more math involved and had awesome statistics involved, oh boy was i wrong. The course majorly deals with data cleansing and copying a lot of code from stack overflow. if your python is not good please don't take this course otherwise you will get frustrated. If you have planning on taking this course be  prepared to be grilled   this course will require perseverance.And most importantly the lectures ,they don't help!
The instructor is warm and seems pretty interested.Content is way too minimal though and it's not enough to prepare the student for the assessments.A lot of searching is required in order to arrive at the solution which more often than not is not the most optimum one. Forums are only supported by fellow students and staff's involvement is next to zero in there. Even threads that deal with clarifying questions were not answered by the staff.I understand that this way enforces community building and helping fellow students, but staff's participation would be highly appreciated.
The material felt very brief. Felt like this was suppose to be a refresher course. The lecture videos are not very helpful in its delivery. I wished there were more visual aids to help me understand the lectures more. Most of the time, it's just the lecturer sitting there talking and some quick screens of the Jupyter codes. I walked away with a brief overall idea of the material instead of an in-depth understanding of the concept. The assignments were challenging and I felt like they were very helpful. Expect to spend a LOT of time researching for the assignments.
This course was challenging taking into account that I don't have a lot of experience in phyton. I'm not going to lie, i would have prefer that the videos and the lectures give us more tools to solve the challenging assigments. I have to confess, I spent a lot of hours solving these assigmments, firstly, they are not easy and secondly, the auto-grader doesn't give you a real feedback on which you can work to fix the code. The way I see things, the autograder needs to improve and the content of the course will be better if it is more related with the assigmments.
I learned a lot through this course, in particular searching the docs and skimming stackoverflow. It was very helpful. I do hope though, that the grader and materials will be updated in the future.It caused me annoyance to battle with grader. It was not grading properly what in my offline jupyther-notebook runs just fine. I hope that this part of UX, or better - SX (student experience) will be mastered, so that students would concentrate on learning and not on trying to submit the assignment to the obsolete grader. Please, do solve this problem. It matters.
Course material is good esp. the assignments force you to learn a lot more.  However, the instruction is not comprehensive.  A few assignments were also ambiguous.  The support forum is quite good but it would have been much better 1) if instructors would cover key topics a bit more in detail,  2) Easy to find auto grader scripts so one can understand the error or provide a better feedback mechanism from autograder.  I had a spelling error in the answer and it took me 4 hours to correct it. Once I had the autograder code, the bug was very easy to catch.
I am somewhat satisfied as I did learn some python skills.  I paid for this course because I wanted an efficient way to learn python programming.  The far cheaper alternative is to get a python book and work through it yourself.  I thought this would be a more time efficient alternative to self study.  It is somewhat more time efficient.  The questions in the assignments are not clear, this results in you spending a lot of time not learning python but figuring out the semantics of the question.  There should be a knowledge check at the end of each week.
I found this course useful since I had no previous experience of Pandas or the statistical features of Python. I have programming experience and feel I would have found it quite a challenge otherwise, but not prohibitively so. Chris is great at explaining things in an accessible manner, and I'm very much looking forward to going into more detail in the rest of the specialisation. I would have enjoyed a little more focus on statistics etc and a little less on the mechanics of the library, but understand why it had to be approached this way.
This is course is classified as intermediate and a 10h commitment per week. For me this was an under estimation. It took me much longer. The problem with the course for me was, that the skills required for the assignments were not taught during the lectures and the assignments are poorly described. I ended up googling for hours. The links in the forums are very helpful, but I usually prefer to solve assignments on my own, which was not not possible for me in this course. I did  learn a lot, but this was very unefficient.
Honestly, my opinion is that the material is "a little too difficult a little too early" .. not because an experienced programmers can't handle it, but because the urgency of getting the final assignment done forces a reversion back to more traditional programming techniques rather than instilling "Pandas like" programming techniques ... if anything .. "instructor solutions" should be given at the end of the course so we can go back and see "how we could have done it more elegantly" in the areas were are interested in.
Not a bad course but would like to see more teaching of best practice solutions to some of the test and assignment questions. As most of the assignments require a lot of self-learning it would be nice to discover if our solutions are optimal or not. As it stands you can get a perfect score by writing for loops or other inefficient solution when there are quite possibly built-in pandas functions which could achieve the same thing more efficiently. Would like to learn more about pandas and best-practice techniques.
The course materials is very practical.  The lectures are very clear and self-contained.  The only reason I gave 3 stars is that the homework takes too much time.  I spent a lot of time digging into online forums to find out the nuts and bolts to finish the projects.  Fortunately the teaching staffs are very helpful.  The time spent for homework is too much for my preference.  Maybe this is the way to learn this type of information.  I don't know.  Having said that, the materials and lecture qualities are great.
I liked that the course was very assignment-oriented. It had a good structure and interesting additional readings. However, for people who are not familiar with pandas library it may be very challenging to pass assignments. This minimal guidance, I believe, results not in a better understanding, but in confused students writing bad code and spending hours not understanding online documentation. Overall, I really liked the idea and content of the course, but not how instructors approached the self-learning part.
I have two general comments:The first comment is . . . there was too wide a gap between the lecture content and the assignments.  The second comment I have is . . . I spent too much time trying to figure out what the autograder wanted and not enough time learning Data Science with Python.  I can only imagine the work that it takes to develop and launch a course like this.  In all, I'm very excited to be part of this program.  My comments are critical but hopefully helpful and all your work is appreciated.
Course content was generally good although sometimes the lecturer brushes over topics that could do with more explanation. He may explain 10 things you can do in quick succession making it hard to remember all of the points. Exercises were good but there is a big jump on week 3 and 4 and relies on students to spend time themselves searching the web for solutions to the problems. Whilst it is good to be independent, asking for things that haven't been taught in the class can be hard for some.
This course teaches some useful techniques, but suffers greatly in it's ability to teach you those things. The hw's do not contain enough information, and submission errors are very vague in terms of explaining what is actually wrong. During lectures, too much time is spent on the presenters face. They have presentation slides and code examples that do not get enough video time. It is not at all useful to talk about techniques without giving any textual info about it. It's not easy to follow
It was a good course where i learned about new and great tools and techniques. I learned how to approach the data science problems using Pandas and Numpy. This would not serve as a great course for into to data science. Background with Database Management and Python really helps. Overall i learn about new and great tools and would definitely require Documentation while using the skills i learnt in this course. Overall Great Job by Professor Brooks. Would love to take more courses by him.
I enjoyed and found all of the lectures helpful, but lack of feedback after submitting assignments was a real problem, especially for the last assignment. A simple response of "this was answered incorrectly, points not awarded" isn't very constructive and was often frustrating. Bugs in being able to submit the assignment were also frustrating. I spent a good amount of time trying to fix my code, thinking it was incorrect, when in actuality the online submission was just not working.
Course was good and i have learned and starting to refining my skills because of this course.We have to do lot of practice and net browser to work on the assignment and only think that lacks in this course is the study material in the form of video i think,if the content of the  video increased then this will be the perfect course plus there should be two assignment one related to what you have studied during video content and the programming assignment which test your skill test.
I have mixed feelings.1) the course is very interesting. It is an applied course, there is a lot to learn.2) But very hard too. There are so many things, that you may have difficulties to memorize quickly through practices. Then, you end up roaming on stack overflow and pandas documentation because you just can memorize enough to process and have to rely heavily on the documentation.If you are interested to dig into the python, this is very interesting (but quite hard)
This class definitely makes you learn, but not as much from the lectures and course materials themselves, as from the discussion forums (shout out to teaching staff and mentors for their great help) and online tools like Stack Overflow. I understand that this is also a technique to make us more independent, but it seems like the professor just wanted to skim over this part in order to concentrate on some future / more advanced class that is more interesting to him.
Although I learned a lot in this course, I found the lectures and assignments to be much too different from each other. I would like to see assignments where you must practice what is learned in the lecture. For myself, I feel I learned 1 set of concepts from the lectures and another set from the assignments by spending time on stack overflow and the pandas documentation. Both are good but the lectures and assignments did not "flow" together as I would have liked.
The course is very interesting. The Jupiter notebook is very useful.I don't like that many examples are very US-specific. Some important terms may not be clear for people who live outside USA. Update: I'm lowering my grade from 4 stars to 3 stars because of very confusing assignments. Often it's not clear the requirement of the task. It takes very long to understand. Also some assignments require methods and functions that were not covered in video lectures.
course content is good,but the instructor tries to explain everything just by saying it. does not demonstrates it every time and does not dive deep into the concept,so that the learner may get more interested. and if you are stuck at any assignment question then it might happen that you won't get the answer even after seeing the videos. assignment contains some questions based on concept which are not discussed,so you have to figure them out yourselves.
Excellent lectures and explanatiom about Pandas features. But the Assignments could have more conection with the lectures of the correpondent week. Also the instructions to code the assignments are often bad written or lacking information, causing erroneus comprehension about what are being asked. These kind of  problem cause a lot of misconceptions abou the task and cost a lot of time from the student just to really understand the assignment objective.
The assignment of week 4 is wrongly explained in the jupyter notebook. It says that the price_ration is equal to quarter before recession divided by quarter bottom recession. When you do so you will never get a validated result. The only result validated is recession_bottom minus recession_start!Giving assigments should include expected solution. Now you upload your file several times in order to figure out you are using the wrong formula.
In my humble opinion, this course does not have a correct balance of difficulty of new concepts/tools with the exercises given by the course to practice. It is a "hey, look, there is something called pandas out there that may be very useful for you" but it is too introductory. And I know the course has the word "Introduction" in the title but that does not grant, in my opinion, to run a 4-week course such as this one with so little content
The whole curse relies on the automated grading system, which is still a little sloppy.  I think it would be useful to have one notebook or cheatsheet with all the important functions. And also, I personally like to have a reference assignment that was completed by the instructors. This could be provided before or after the course, but the way I really learn is by reading other peoples code and seeing ways to code problems. Thanks
A good introduction to python and data science. The questions were just about the right level of difficulty. My main criticism is that the online videos were pretty short and not going into a lot of detail, whereas with the questions you had to do a lot of extra research to figure out how to solve them. More interaction with the enrolled students during the course and having more in-depth videos would make the course a lot better.
The course is good if you are carrying even a little experience with python and data science. The teaching methodology is not that impressive but it can make key points clear. Assignments are really good which can be the best part of the course undoubtedly. Though once enrolled, you will yourself going through the discussion forums a lot because not everything is provided for the assignments. Self-exploring is highly encouraged.
The material intended to be taught by this course is really good. What is missing is additional video tutorials to support the learner. I had to resort to youtube video by codebasics and other people so I could put together the required knowledge for this course. It urges the learner to do individual learning which is good, but there needs be more direction and support with educational material presented in a meaningful manner.
The assignment questions need a thorough understanding of the concepts which requires elaborate explanations with more examples. I felt that the standard of the examples were too low as compared to the standard of the assignment questions. I would not recommend this course to any beginner of Python language. The discussion forums on the other hand are inactive and I haven't received any quick response to my questions posted.
Overall I learned a lot, but the relation between course material and effort to pass the assignments is not good. For example for week 4 there is 23 minutes course material (videos) and I needed roughly 15 - 20 hours to pass the assignment. In week three it was not much better. The videos are only describing rough principles. For the assignments you have to search for a lot of other sources in the internet.
In my humble opinion, the Python ramp-up in week 1 is not sufficient to effectively complete weeks 2-4. This course necessitates a bit more practice in Python. The lectures are cut-and-dry, and I recommend frequently referencing them when completing the assignments. I spent about 1.5x the listed time-to-complete on most assignments. On the flip side, I gained a lot of knowledge by putting forth full effort.
Honestly, it was a good crash course into data science in python. My 3/5 star rating comes from the fact that I think their could be more content / examples shown in the videos. The videos were a good start into the assignments, but I had to spend hours reading on the internet to really understand enough to complete the course.I liked what I saw in the videos, just wish there was a little more substance.
Course lectures were good, tho at times a little too rapid.  The python text appears and disappears too fast to digest, I did a lot of pausing.  The early exercises were good, but later ones were finicky.  I would prefer more intermediate steps to confirm we're on the right track.  In particular the last (huge) exercise was frustrating, just being told I've got it wrong with no feedback on why.
The content is rich and useful, but the assignment in week 3 was excrutiating: it was too long with pointless, confusing questions. I really considered quitting the course though I already practiced pandas heavily in the past. Please do something about it. The assignment in week 4 was much more profitable. Not necessarily easier, but it had meaningful questions and a concrete goal to achieve.
The course material is shallow and there's a huge jump between the lectures and the assignment. I'm able to finish the course only because I learned python and pandas before. The assignment questions are sometimes too vague, and grading system doesn't show why the answer is wrong. It would thus be very helpful to have a option for showing the correct answers after one finished the course.
This course requires a lot of self learning from students, it would have been great if there were more video lectures. I found this one a little bit difficult for me because it required  a lot work by my side. The course is okay i will say. It gives a general idea of what this field is all about. I really loved the articles this course provided , they were interesting and informative.
A decent introduction to data analysis using python, particularly introducing the pandas framework. The material can be a bit uneven and disjointed, and the assignments sometimes leave you guessing what is actually required, but overall this was a useful intro to the topic areas. If you're prepared to supplement the course material with your own research you'll get a lot out of it.
The assignment difficulty is much, much greater than the rather basic instruction provided in the lectures. This results in a lot of google searches to figure things out.  I feel I could have received an equivalent level of education on my own, by reading books and doing free exercises online.  I don't feel there was sufficient value added by the course over independent study.
PRO: The lectures and content are good. CON: The version of pandas the grader uses is quote old, and is older than the version used in the assignment notebooks, meaning some code that runs ok when you test it crashes in the grader, *with no useful error message*. This caused a lot of hassle and wasted time for me, but hopefully they've fixed it for the new course.
The course per se deserves 5 stars, however the "grader" (=the program which checks you programming) is a pain in the a**. I once submitted a float but it wanted a float 64 ... well yea ...The Tips in the discussion forum are great - however they could be highlighted better (e.g. extra post).I especially loved the discussion prompts. I thought them very important.
Although material and assignments provide a good way to learn Python, the estimated time is understated especially for beginners. The challenge is not only what the assignment is asking but dealing with the autograder and making sure responses are syntactically exact. It's easy to spend hours on one question so make sure to make good use of the discussion board.
Lectures should be more in depth especially when going over the concepts in python. They should show at least couple of ways to solve problem under discussion to help drive home the discussion point.  Assignment questions were not constructed properly and were very confusion at times. Having a correct answer (not the solution) would help in debugging the issue.
A very interesting and challenging course that would benefit from replacement of the somewhat disturbing living background of the videos, a slower-paced delivery of the lessons,  the proper identification of the key functions and methods that are required for the assignments, and  replacement Kudos to Yusuf without whom I would not have complete the course!
Really good problem sets and discussion forums. Unlike some other courses, this one doesn't provide much in the way of useful videos. Essentially, you get problem sets and have to search pandas documentation or StackOverflow for help, or look in the discussion forums. Still very useful in learning pandas, but the "classroom" part is not worthwhile.
It was a good introduction to Python for those who are familiar with programming basics, however, the assignments were quite ambiguous at times and did not involve much material from the actual course lectures. Nevertheless, the discussion board helped along with the TA providing helpful hints, guidelines and test code for solving the problems.
The course content was OK. It's jut a pity that the assignments section was so frustrating to use. I needed around 10 attempts for each submission just to realize that I forgot a print() or that the file names were not exactly as in the requirements... In total, I spent half of the time allocated to assignments just to hunt for stupid errors.
The course was helpful in presenting typical problems in data science, but the lectures showed you examples in one area of pandas and the assignments asked questions in different areas of pandas. I found the assignments frustrating and spent much of my time trying to understand what they were asking rather than actually  solving the problems.
The assignments in the course are designed to really test your skills and knowledge. However, I did not find the lecture videos to be much useful. For the assignments, I had to look most of the stuff on the internet (Stack Overflow and Pandas documentation). The course is definitely worth it if you are ready to spend time on the assignments.
The content of the course is reasonable. However, the time needed to read documentation and forums is not factored into the estimated hours needed to complete the course. Lastly, having to sign up for the whole series just to take one course is money making racket. And then you have to cancel the other courses which is very inconvenient.
Great and detailed course, but very confusing and possibly inconsistent 'beginning of recession' question in assignment 4. After much research online and note of teaching staff definition of the quarter to look for, I still got it wrong according to the autograder.  But strangely got everything else right that depended on this answer?!?
Though the information and knowledge provided was a very effective and great insight, I did feel that the course was a bit rushed and fast-paced. Big topics cannot be understood with a 3-minute video that barely touches the theory and gives only one example. Practice should be accommodated before we enter those difficult assignments.
The course is interesting, but the grading system needs to improve substantially. The grader bugs considerably, and the questions are often not well defined, which requires a lot of unnecessary trial and error to understand what exactly the question was about. Finally, complete the assignments took way long that what it is suggested.
It is an interesting course that shows you part of the extent of the things that you can do with the Pandas library within python. However don't expect to be able to code everything by scratch, instead expect to be able to google the answers for your coding questions and be able to adapt those to your particular coding objectives.
The assignments are great and challenging. Lectures leave a you bit short or not fully equipped to take on segments of the assignments, that I understand and accept however I feel it  they should hit at least what else do you need to go out and learn yourself in order to complete the assignment. Oh and the grading system, eish.
Good and necessary introduction to Python. But especially Assignement 3 regarding cleaning the data should be improved. It´s good to know how to clean the data but it´s confusing when Q1 is apparently correct but actually it´s not. Mabye it would be better that Q2 - Q13 based on a new dataframe which is correctly by all means.
The lectures do not contain enough material to prepare you for the programming assignments. Programming assignments are challenging but the problems are not clearly stated, most of your work will consist in finding answers in Stackoverflow instead of looking for the answers in lectures or programming assignment instructions.
Update your Pandas library and the explanations for all projects. It is very frustrating because you have to deal with both: 1) lack of clarity in the text and 2) missing features for the library we are using. Don't get me wrong... I learned a lot, but it kinda feels not enough when compared to the unnecessary frustration.
the instructor guides students to pandas, not bad. the assignments are not difficult, but are poorly designed---it's hard to get the goals of functions, and one may not get them done without searching internet. just don't know what a function is supposed to return, and there's no enough explanation on the assignments.
The Assignments are very good. But the video lectures are terrible. they offer no or very little Explanation what so ever of the notebook being displayed on the screen. The TA just reads the notebook instead of diving into what the functions are doing. The subtitles overlap with what people are writing in the journal.
This course was over all okay. My primary complaints are that I felt that the class moved too quickly and relied too heavily on students to teach themselves through the Pandas documentation. The Pandas documentation is really only so-so and it would have been nice to have more guidance through the course materials.
the weekly assignments are so challenging.But the instructions are not clear enough.for each question,one has to adventure through the discussion forum to find what the question expects.Thank you for the discussion forum because there are enough good people to explain and ask questions in each and every dimension.
Though I very much appreciate Dr. Brooks' traits when video lecturing: relaxed, informative, and often lucid-- I worry that students with little to no computer science background will struggle greatly with assignments. That is to say, there is a disparage between the videos and the expectations of the assignments.
Contents are great and very relative. Exam is fair and reasonable. However students have to deal with an autograder for the scores and the autograder is not up to par for this course. The amount of time that you spend on learning during the course is only a fraction of time you spend to get through the autograder.
The assignments have bugs that become more and more present after browsing the discussion board so extensively. I think that it would be really helpful to eliminate any bugs in the grader, so that when you get a solution marked as correct, you can actually count on later problems building on a correct solution.
The course doesn't feel complete, the information and techniques used for assignments can be found completely online through documentation and instead this is merely an exercise for doing basic analysis through documentation rather than an explanation of python through data science (which is what I anticipated)
This course is a very nice course, though it wasn't close to being thorough, but it helped me to develop self learning skills and endurance in tackling problems. it also helped me to have a pattern of study for data science, providing me with assignments which tasked me and helped me in learning so much more
The lectures are too simple. The assignments are difficult. You constantly need to google how-to to be able to complete the assignments because the code/functions are not covered by the lectures. But if you overcome that, the assignments challenge you in a way that you will learn good things about Python.
I have learned many things in this course, but this is more related to the searches that I have done outside Coursera to find information and tools to solve the assignments. There is a great disparity between what is shown in the videos and what must be done in the tests, which also are poorly organized.
Interesting assignments but definitely not the best video lectures - very short and not enough explanation, can as well read a documentation on my own.Overall is not a bad course, but either change the name from 'Introduction' to 'Intermediate'-ish or create a more comprehensive set of lectures. Thanks!
The auto-grader system does not provide any useful information for understanding why my answer is wrong. Many questions are not clear enough to understand what they mean, we need to adopt trial-and-error approach to find the correct answer. Finally I aborted on the second course of this specialization.
The assignments contain questions which are beyond the scope of what is taught. Assignmwnt 3 was very useful specially from Data analysis point of view.  Assignment 4 was lil difficult.  In my opinion, more lectures on how to code specially for tough problems like those in assignments should be added.
I think there could have been more thorough video instruction / preparation for some of the harder assignments. It would have been more helpful if the auto grader could give more detail as to what was wrong with the output rather than trying to find someone who had the same problem on the forum.
The knowledge you get in the lectures do not match the level of the assigments. You use way more time googling and trying to solve technical problems than actually learning Python. I wish the lectures included more examples, specially things you can later use in the assigments. And more theory.
The course has a high level which is fine. The bad part is that most the knowledge you require to complete the assignments is not available in the content of the videos and you have to spend quite some time on internet. It took me way more time than the hours they say to complete the course.
The course is well explained. The grading mechanism is insufficient... in some exercises I arrived at the same result but somehow the answer would be graded as incorrect; and I could never find the formatting differences.Also, I come from the R world, and I find Pandas extremely unintuitive.
hard and you will pull your hair, but I guess that is their point. It would take them forever to teach you each functionality in Pandas, but the real way to learn is to go and explore. It is the most difficult way though. Expect to spend hours on this, but the reward at the end is worth it.
Assignments are challenging and assignments must be related with the content not out of content of the videos.But in assignment they aren't related with those content of video but out of content of the teaching videos . So, it will be better if you improve the assignments. Thank you !!
The course material was not enough. The assignment questions were good but in order to solve those questions I had to find a lot of  things from stack-overflow and the python documentation . This was mentioned there but I still think the material was less according to the assignments.
The Course content is good but the instructor is not so good because while he is explaining something he tries to do all of it verbally and in a very short way. Only those people will be able to understand those who know something regarding this field prior.The assignments are good.
The course itself is not so bad. But tasks are frustrating! Solving them gives some value but they are mixed with tons of meaningless problems. Some tasks are not clear and autograder gives little information. But I need to say that I learnt more about Python and Pandas library.
I personally feel that this course should had been divided into a 8 week course instead of 4 and material  should be added on that ,eg: the problems asked in the exerciseThe exercises are way too difficult and require the use of many functions not taught in the video lectures
Classes moved very fast, especially in the video materials. Functions were introduced briefly without time to digest. While I ultimately did learn the topics through my own research, I feel the class would have been much more beneficial with slower, more indepth explanations.
Content was well paced and well presented but the auto grading submissions took a long time to get used to and were very stressful. The recommended time to complete the assessments was also very optimistic, most assessments took me easily double the time suggested.
A bit surprised by the low  volume of teaching material, and the energy required for completing each assignment.  But a posteriori, it forced me to really engage in the learning. I will probably remember more this way, than if I had listened to dozens of video...
I found some assignment questions quite unclear. This, together with the grader sometimes marking answers as correct even though they were wrong, forced me to spend many hours trying to find the underlying problem to incorrectly answered questions down the line.
The professor is going too fast and the concept isn't getting cleared. I wish he used some digital board to write atleast what is trying to say or write how the different functions in pandas,series,numpy works.Although, the assignments were of high quality.
Although the course helped me learn about Data Science. the session taken and the assignment were different and had to understand the expectation in the output. But overall it helped me understand how can we proceed with studying Data Science through Python
Lectures were OK. The pace moved really fast, and I thought the hardest part was that the directions for some of the questions weren't really clear (and I spent sometime trying to figure it out but gave up --- still passed though!!). Thanks for the course.
For the beginners, It's little bit hard to cope up with the submission according to the lectures. Lectures seems easy but when I go for submission, it seems much difficult and requires more study than the lectures which are not mentioned in the lectures.
this course is definitely not for beginners, I as a beginner had a hard time completing the assignments as I had to read most of the functions used from pandas documentation and it took me a lot of time. please introduce a more beginner-friendly course.
From my poitn of view more lessons are needed, achieving exercises require a deep search on stackoverflow and other courses. That shouldn´t be the goal of the course, I expected the lessons to give enough knowledge to fullfil the questions of the exams
Too much information to absorb within 4 weeks course, requires to spend lots of time offline in learning and researching the Python codes to resolve problems in the Assignments. WOud recommend for hte proficient programmers but not for the beginners .
The teaching process is too fast, especially the assistant teacher who appear at the end.The assignment is 40% related to the course. And a little bit hard.The first week assignment is related to the week two, but i did not study week two at that time
The explanation provided and the expertise needed to complete the assignments were way apart. People with great grip on python and having basic knowledge of pandas library will find this relatively easy. The assignments are challenging and hence good.
The instructor is nice and course content is very good. But with respect to what he explains, the coding is way too fast to catch up! Also, not all for beginners. One should have intermediate knowledge in python and at least beginner level in Pandas.
Good course but the assignment grader can be annoying as it is very sensitive to data types and data formatting. I get that this is one one of the constraints of auto graders but on a course that is centered around data it can become very frustrating
The course was easy to understand. The reason i'm giving 3 stars is more on the preparation of the entire set of courses. They kinda develop as the course goes. The other 4 courses of the specialization were not even ready after this course was done.
I spent over 150 pounds on this course which is suppose to be less than 40 and last for a month. I work and studied this course at the same time, I would advice to check your price policy because it is definitively not for those in full employment.
I found the assignments strangely difficult, and their difficulty wasn't sourced in the right place . For example, when solving assignments I never went back to see the lectures, but spent most of the time googling syntax, method signatures, etc.
I felt that the lectures could have been more helpful. There was a lot of talking without actually writing down and explaining the concepts. Even when there were demonstrations, he breezed through them without explaining what each part meant.
Looking for some more references for practicing lambda and list comprehension.Assignment auto grader is a pain, it does not give clarity on the answers submitted. Having some detailed explanation on the assignment and approach used will help.
The lectures dont include almost anything from the programming assignments, I had to look for everything on stack overflow. The explanations are great and I learned a lot on the assignments, they are just 2 different things most of the time.
The material is good, but the assignments are incredibly messy (perhaps that's what you're supposed to learn!): errors are never fixed, it's still using pandas 0.19 (this isn't even mentioned) and you can see the course is simply neglected.
Interesting perspectives on data from knowledgeable professionals, but lacked some hands on learning that I was expecting.  Timelines to complete technical assignments were ridiculously shorter than the actual time it took to complete them.
The course was very intense as far as it is concerned with knowledge and skills but it was somewhat a little fast paced.Some of the topics in which more amount of time should have been invested was left aside as though it was a side topic.
In my opinion a basic knowledge of Python is not enough for this course. Furthermore, the video lecture doesn't really explain what is needed fo pass the assigments, the last one is even more terrible because required statistic knowledge.
Don't try this if you are not working with pandas for a while....The course is actually overwhelming......it packs a lot if stuff without being clear about every item.....Sometimes you just DON'T know what the speaker is talking about :(
the first , the second , and half of the tird week's content was pretty understandable , everything after should've been more detailed and simplified , the tasks were hard honestly speaking , there should have been more indications
I am not a huge fan of the way the lecturer delivers the course material as sometimes he doesn't explain why things work in a certain way but the assignments are a great way to learn pandas as they force you to search on your own.
I finished the first two courses before taking this one but it is a blast and a big leap forward for me. Couldn't even work on the week 1 materials well. I think I will take more intro level courses before diving into this one.
I think the modules pick up a sudden pace in Week 2. The title should be changed to "Intermediate Data Science in Python" or similar :) Alternatively, maybe this course could have a Python basics intro course as a prerequisite.
The assignments given were too difficult. Students have to spend a lot of time doing self-study and using stackoverflow. Providing basic practices for students would be much more helpful for them to tackle difficult questions.
assignments are tough and guidance is needed for them. Googling for problems takes time So , sometimes i became frustrated and shutdown my pc. Assignments are good but you need to give some hints and proper problem defenition
A good introductory course to Python.1) The brand-new coursera jupyter notebooks are great. 2) The in-video quizzes are sometimes harder than assignments.3) Showing two guys in the background of every video was unnecessary.
This class presents some good information, but completing the assignments takes a lot of research on your own. I would've rated this class higher if the course material provided everything needed to finish the assignments.
The overall course is okay.The material is good, but lectures are up to the mark. Assignments difficulty level is good and challenging, but the questions are not very clear.Overall a good hand on experience on problems.
The course is very informative ,you will get many new things to learn but the course assignments are not easy at all apart from the first week quiz which was easy and if you have good python background then go for it.
The course is somewhat a little harder as expected...basic knowledge in python and some statistics are a pre requisite.the lecture is not as inspirational but i found the course interesting  for the topic was good.
Sometimes the question are clear due to the lack of clear definitions. The assignments could be done much faster if one did not have to research the entire forum. Moreover, the autograder can be really frustrating.
Fairly fast paced. if you have just completed the Python for everybody course, you will need to do a lot of your own googling to be able to keep up with this course.Additionally, the assignments need a little work.
worst course to start with. pissing me off at every video. not a single descriptive video. I will give 0 stars if possible. Also while submitting the assignment, there is only a single way of accepting output .
Probably, the course can be more detailed with examples of different inbuilt functions. However, Liked the content of the course. Very helpful for people who wants to start on learning about numpys and pands.
The assignments are pretty brain storming.If you want to practice some wrangling with data I would recommend it,but you must have some basic python knowledge along with some skills using pandas and numpy.
Issues with the unforgiving autograder require spending hours (unnecessarily) reading discussion forum for precise matching of string formatting.  This type of issue destroys the momentum of the course.
I think we need to have more interactions into the lectures, also the material inside the course is not enough most of the course i do it searching and copy and paste the code from the online materials
The instructors did not explain functions well enough, is like they were always in hurry to finish and go to the next lecture. I end up reviewing a lot of internet materials to finish the assessments.
Lectures spend a lot of time on watching a person talk to a camera.  Projects are pretty good, though auto-grader is a pain to debug. TA & Moderators are excellent and so is community taking course.
Good overall and I liked the instructor. However the assignments are extremely difficult, especially Week 4 and there are not a lot of online resources made available. Definitely not for a beginner!
Really a struggle to navigate around the discussion forums.   The autograder is also a huge challenge.     If you can make the actual tests that it runs available up-front would save a lot of time.
The course schedule is tight. I feel like a little bit hard for non-cs major learners. The good thing is you could still upload your homework even after the deadline before the last day of course.
The course offers very little guidance. Nevertheless, I learned a lot but it's really not that well structured. The course also makes you do homework on something that is not covered in the class.
i like the course content. but the assignments need improvement as i wasted lot of time due to unclear instructions. also if the professor can compile more content into slides that will be great.
It’s very fast paced. Personally I would prefer to spend more time on each topic particularly since it deals with the basics of data science and is very important to understand each topic clearly
Skills acquired when finishing this first course are very useful and applicable. However, lectures and assignments are almost unrelated. This course is nothing for people who are new to python.
The coursework validation could use some work to be more concise with error messages but it's OK as long as you work with it. Content is good and seems to give a decent coverage to the basics.
This course relies almost exclusively on self learning of the details of pandas. It would be greatly improved by examples of how to use pandas to solve problems similar to the assignments.
I learned a lot. But be aware that programming skills are a requirement for this course and that you will have to research the web (stackoverflow, pandas documentation) on your own a lot.
Good course i.g! But it is quite annoying, that the auto grader (python 3.5 ?) does not behave like the online coursera notebook (python 3.6.2), which leads to errors at the evaluation.
Course material is good, covers the right topics to get started with python and pandas.  Assignments and especially the grading process require a bit more patience than I was expecting.
I enjoyed the course, but I think the exercises could be improved a bit. Especially in the last two ones could have better explanations and examples of what's expected from the answer.
You will learn a lot, by yourself to solve the assignment. Which could be see as a good way to learnTime to do each assignment is clearly under estimated. You can multiply by 2 easily
Too much self-learning taking into account that this is supposed to be a course, could make example projects for better understanding instead of jumping right away to the assignment.
The course was fine, but the last assignment was too hard for me. And I think that for Introduction to data science  -  the first course in the series it shouldn't be so complicated.
Amazing course for an introduction to the pandas library and its main data structures Series and DataFrame.Improvements could be made to the hypothesis testing section of the course.
Great explanation. But the speed of tutor is quite fast, so one needs to rewatch again and again. And for better understanding one has to practice questions from external resources.
You should break assignment into smaller substeps. You should also provide more comments like 'your dataframe size is incorrect or starting from which line you result has error'.
It's a really challenging course for someone with an intermediate level of Python and pandas, I really enjoyed . The only minor point is the quality of the theory on the videos.
Requires some knowledge of the topics covered, otherwise the lessons are hard to follow.More examples should be given for each topic, to consolidate the student's understanding.
GREAT assignments, average-ish course instruction. Would recommend just for the assignments, great way to get your hands dirty with data manipulation work in python using pandas
Prior coding experience would definitely make this course easier to pick up. A lot of the learning i found isn't driven from the videos itself but from just constant googling.
The video of this course are good. Assessment questions and the expected format of data need to be clarified so that we really understand what is expected to pass the course.
The accent of the instructor was too fast, which made the content incomprehensible. The course unfolded very rapidly, giving little room for beginners to understand on spot
I think, that the structure of the lectures made it difficult to concentrate on the material, but the assignments were very good and I have learned a lot while doing them.
First three modules are great but in the last module (Week 4) Prof Brooks is rushing through many topics. Probably consider having lesser content with proper explanation.
The instructor doesn't explain that much, he could do better than that. It is an independent study. The only thing I enjoyed was the links and the articles, that was all.
Course has a great amount of information that is wonderful, but the instructional videos are less and less helpful as time goes on, and the autograder is the devil.
The course content was good but the assignments were way too tough.The assignments should have been a bit easier because i lost interest due to the tough questions.
The programming assignments were a little frustrating.I feel a little more time should be spent on the theory behind pandas and how the library works conceptually.
I think the assignments waste too much of my time since I have no problems using proper programming skills, but have lots of problems catering to the auto grader.
Top free course about Data Science. But I think lectures must be more detailed and related to assignments. And assignments could be less ambiguous and more clear.
Some exercises of the assignments where ways to difficult compared to what learned during lectures: much more details should be provided about data manipulation
the course is really good but there are issues with autograder. Though they are addressed in forums you'll have to go through them and hence wasting your time.
You'll spend more time struggling with the jupyter notebook (assignment platform) than actually writing or learning code. The lectures are really good, though.
Great content. But some assignment questions are not that clear and might cost you more time than its worth. And feedback from mentor is not that responsive.
The course is well designed and assignments are complex. What I did not like about this course is that the assignments are not well explained with examples.
The main problem is with the auto grader. There are too many issues making it cumbersome to get the assignment submission right in one go. Please fix this.
Had to learn most of it by myself. Got discouraging at a certain point. Should have informed about the prerequisites. Learn Numpy, Pandas before enrolling.
Some parts were quickly rushed through and poorly explained. However, they did explain the bare bones of pandas, which was the main reason for this course.
There is one critical technical problem lying in the assignment three and already caused hundreds of students' grade blank in the forum, including myself.
As a beginner I found it a bit of a brisk over the topic. There was a lack of basic questions. But in the end I was coping up and then the course ended.
too fast in explaining it was bit difficult to keep up with the explanation,small code example were taught but assignments questions was too difficult
Great course material, but the autograder system was frustrating to work with for assignments, and often made me less motivated to work on the course.
The course is okay for beginners as it is having only few lecturers for basics. Coursera experience was good. Overall i am satisfied with the course.
The assignments are not even close what is being taught. We are taking this course so we get everything in one place.  Curriculum has to be improved
Not at all for beginnners. Fast-paced with more focus on self-learning and grinding,rather than focussing more upon the concepts. Dry presentation.
Quite bad knowledge delivery from lectures. The course is rather self learning than course. A lot of vague points and uncertainties in assignments.
The course instructor could have been more elaborate with the examples. I felt there was a wide gap between the exercises and the course material.
Assignments are challenging, but some questions are very vague and require lots of trial and error guesswork to get the autograder to accept them.
Assignments are great to reinforce your learning. But the instructor does not cover many topics and leave you with a lot of questions unanswered.
Please update the auto-grader such that is it compatible with current version of Jupyter notebook, very frustrating dealing compatibility issues
This course is a nicely organized. However assignments are not completely clear. Especially assignment 4 needs more explanation and details.
Subject matter was very good. Some of the assignments were not clear on instruction, and some of the Coursera functions were buggy or broken
Material delivered a bit too rapidly to effectively assimilate. Often, further external research is needed to find solutions to assignments.
I don't think this is a good enough course to "teach" you "data-science". All this does is give you an overview of things you need to know.
The assignment descriptions needs to be precise (with psuedo code).And the statistics part needed a lot visualization to aid understanding.
The material is valuable and taught well. The lectures are impossibly fast paced (lots of pausing) and the assignments are often ambiguous.
Great Assignments, Great learning, but requires good "prior" knowledge of Python and Pandas. This is more of a refresher course in Pandas.
Much more time needs to be invested into theory of the data frames. The course is too lightweight for the heavyweight topic it's covering.
Course materials should be scrutinized. It's like the mentor is going through a scripted page. I understood very little from this course.
Good course for the basics, but the assignments are very difficult as lectures do not cover everything which is asked in the assignments.
Great Content.  Course Auto-Grader was immensely frustrating.  Videos aren't very helpful except to identify where to do your self study.
The course assignments are at a very good level. But, I feel the course doesn't prepare you for that. Most of the work is self-learning.
The examples used are so small it's hard to understand how to use these skills in real-world situations if you aren't as used to Python.
There should be more Pandas API hints in lectures, it ware really hard to find optimal ways to perform operations on DataFrames I wanted
The course lessons could have been more specific and provide more explanations on many topics that are later required in the assignments
Lectures are interesting but coursework is challenging. It requires significant external reading and understanding to stand a chance.
The demanded exercises were way harder than the content taught. Also, the main teacher isn't didatic, he speaks in a monotonous way.
is good to make students to investigate but, in the whole course i was thinking that youtube teached me more than the course itself.
It is a bit messy. There are bugs and the sytem of ex submission is not really well done. There is a problem with the certification.
The instructions are well and clear. I wish we were given more examples and the data files to play with. Overall enjoyed the course
First Assignment was pretty unclear where to find or what to do. Makes no sense to explain it the week after from my point of view.
The instructor just reads the notes in front of the camera. The lectures are boring and uninspired.  I do not recommend this course
Assignments should relate to what is discussed in class, too much of what is in assignments is not clearly explained in the class
Content was excellent but pace was fast and gave a feel of robotic lecture as the code in jupyter was also flowing like anything
course material is not explained in a way that teaches good coding skills, and many missing material to complete the assignments
During the course, the instructor was presenting with a background contains moving people which caused a big distraction to me.
I liked the first course more. I think that the content was not explained as well as Dr. Chuck did in the introductory course.
The videos are good but aren´t sufficient to teach ways to do the assigments, this way assigments bring in hard things to do
the instructor has not explained the codes properly at many places. it seemed like as though he was just reading the codes!
if you are a beginner, this course consumes a large amount of time.Though it is helpful, you need more efforts than thought
Overall pace of the course was more compared to other courses and doing assignments with limited resources was a challenge
I have found some issues with the grader where it inputs correct results in the assignment, but the grading keeps failing.
The course materials is very good but very fast. The assignments (especially the last one) could be a bit better explained
instructor could teach better and wider every learning ability must be made by your self and this is making course harder
I think the method of the instructor was quite bookish and not explanatory. it felt like he was reading it out of a book.
Really hard to follow, it took me almost 2 months to complete the course and i had experience with python and sql server.
Assignments are very nice which helps in gaining good knowledge but explanation videos are not reached my expectations..
assignments are tough, the instructor could show a lot more in pandas and go through a specific workflow which will help
i have learn basics of this course  its too comfort to learn and understand the lectures  and i am happy with the course
It was very beneficial for those who are familiar with python basics and want to learn advance python of data science
Last assignment was *painful*: Poorly described instructions, outcomes/outpu; the grader was opaque and largely mute.
Content was good, instructor was very knowledgeable, but his methodology of teaching was not good. He was very fast.
Things required in assignments could be mentioned.If language could be made a little bit easier, then it would help!
Even though this is an intermediate course, the tutorials were really really quick it was hard to sometimes follow.
It will be quiet difficult to learning panda with this little sort of introductions. and specially as a new comer
Giving three stars only because of the excellent quality of the assignments. Though video lectures are mediocre.
Need a clear documentation or basic methods used in numpy and pandas at single place to have a future reference
Even after taking the beginning course before this, I felt like this course assumed you knew python beforehand.
It's good but I'm unhappy with the programming tutorials ie. Jupiter note book section no explanation is given
The auto-grader is a bit of a pain. But forums were very helpful and generally the assignments are interesting
The course is fine but not upto the mark. Assignments are much difficult as compared to teaching in the videos
Could be more inclined toward basics! and assignments were very good regardless of the topics not covered!!!!
The teacher and lessons are excellent, but the auto-grader has some issues and doesn't give enough feedback.
It was quite informative but I found the assignments a little difficult. had to spend a lot of time on them
Please give the functions which will be needed in the programming assignments in the hints in the notebook.
Pace too fast. Sometimes the explanation is unclear about the syntax and functions. Not good for starters!
It was a bit tough to follow.The instructions were hard to grasp.Could have included more basic concepts.
The explanation was very brief. Not much detail explanation and example. Need to explore more by myself.
submitting homework is a pain and even the same answers are marked wrong sometimes... a bit frustrating.
I would love to get corrections of the assignments once it's passed to see if my code could be improved
The instructor doeesn't explain in detail each topic so we have lot of difficulties in the assignments.
A lot of great information, but the information is sped through so quickly it gets kind of frustrating.
It's nice all the weeks were great but the last assignments wasn't really clear and hard to understand
Very fast paced, you definitely need to have a solid background in Python and the different libraries.
many functions were not included, so I have to look up many other materials to finish the assignments.
Instruction was often unclear and difficult to follow. Be prepared to do lots of learning on your own
Not clear enough to understand the lecture, also there is a huge gap between assignment and lecture.
There is a HUGE gap between the assignment and the lectures. Otherwise,  it would be a great course
Self- Teaching required too much. Feels as though you don't need the course and can achieve on own.
It was OK. Too many stuff needs self-learning. Better adjust the course schedule  and assignments.
Assignments were quite time consuming. May be I did not had good background of python programming.
teaching skills need to be improved as compared t assignment  as  it consumed much time per day.
professor could be more interesting like the one in programming for everybody in python course
This course needs more practicing session. There are a lot of lecture but not enough practice.
I had really tough time submitting the assignments but overall the course was good.Thank You.
Too hard for beginners in programming. They should mention this before we pay for the course.
Assignments are great! They will force you to learn. The professor and lectures, not so much.
Please provide more lectures. We depend on self-learning more than lectures in order to pass.
Needs more focus on Python. It needs an advanced level in Python libraries "Pandas & Numpy"
It's stuffed. I had to review the videos over and over with subtitles and had to read a lot
Difficult. I cannot recommend this course to everyone but just
technically minded people.
Include some theory part in this course,as this is introductory course for data science.
Good and clear video's and assignments. Unfortunately the auto-grader is a bit a pain.
Great course but not for beginners and also i felt the lectures were short and rushed
It was too fast paced and I had to a lot of homework myself after the video lectures.
Could have been far better thought out, and the content is not particularly engaging.
The assesment part is  too difficult compared to concepts explained in the lectrues.
A very good course, but found it a bit monotonous. Assignments were good (and tough)
Contents of the class are limited, more details and examples will be more helpful.
Nice course but just by referring to videos answering the assignments is difficult
Good Course, but felt that the instructor goes too fast on some difficult topics.
Thank you all. I think Coursera's platform is a little confusing for this course
Technical issues in the assignments makes the course harder than it needs to be.
The course assignments were very tough for me, much harder than I anticipated...
a decent introduction into the world of python dataframes via the pandas library
You have to make a lot of research on pandas documentation to do the assigments
Bit faster than expected, should have disclaimer to learn pandas basics first.
Auto grader needs to give more feedback. Too many things to learn by yourself
There should have been more quizzing assignments rather than the coding ones
in starting course is good but at the end it will become boring and lengthy
It's really informative, but there is too little instruction in my opinion.
In my point of view, the lectures and the assignments are not well matched.
Tutotial videos of jupyter are very fast and need much time to understand.
It would be nice if we have more explanation for questions in Assignments.
Very fast explanation and coding is also very fast and hard to understand
Overall is good but the contents seem to be a bit difficult and too rush.
The assignments were good but it was a lot of time spent with the grader.
The course is not well organised. However, the projects are interesting.
homework format of outputting values from functions needs to be improved
Course way too easy and has quite less information/knowledge to offer.
The assignment is too difficult compared to what they teach in course
Not providing in-depth knowledge of functions through video lectures.
Expected a detailed explanation instead got a very brief explanation.
Only a few resources. Each Jupyter Notebook lack context and comments
I think the assigments are a bit difficult for an introduction course
nice intro, but requires background knowledge and self-study,,,,a lot
Very handy exercises, but the lesson lacked in examples and guidance.
Too quickly for me! I need to stop and type the codes on my laptop!
the course should be updated and assignment questions are unclear
The assignments are waaaay more difficult than the class material
Last week assignment involved topic which was not taught in-depth
It has helped in building data structure and understanding of so
I would like to have more precisions during the video courses
Course assignment is not on the same level as content taught
Very good assignments shame the video lessons are very poor
Course was ok. Submission of assignments is really painful.
Amazing content but needs to be a little more structured
Much more difficult assignments than taught in lectures
this course could have covered much more deeper topics
Its very useful for me. thank you so much for help me.
Need basics to be cleared before entering this course
Thought assignments could have been better designed
To much disconnect between assignments and lectures
Please update the course pandas and numpy version!
Assignment questions are not clearly communicated
assignments are too long and videos are too fast.
The quality of the testing system is really poor.
The assignments are stimulating and interesting.
Clear lectures. But assignments need to improve.
Course assignments are bit tough make it easy
Kinda fast paced and needs more explanation !
The instructor taught this course very fast.
More programming details should be included.
can be made a bit detailed course on Python
Lecture explanation could have been better
Compare to Machine Learning from Stanford
More elaborate lectures would help more!
The assignment is a little bit hard....
more practice video need to be added
why not have expect output for check
Totally not for absolute beginners .
Homework is too hard for beginners.
Please change your teacher. Thanks
Explanation could have been better
Good course but not for beginners
assignment is a little bit messy.
The assignments were too vague.
The instructor is a bit fast.
overall good introductory!!!
The instructor went too fast
awesome course and platform
IT was more than self study
assignments are very hard.
Assignment too difficult
Lectures are too fast!
High learning curve.
to boring course
less hands on
Nice one   :)
very fast
Not nearly enough reference content in lectures. It needs to be made clear students coming from the Python for Everybody course (other Umich course) has a book which I was used to referencing for all of my questions (the class was pretty well self contained and did not require much looking up of concepts). I tried to learn this class the same way I did for the previous one and that totally did not work - I spent wayyyy too much time on my first pandas assignment thinking all of the answers were in lecture/notes. The lecture and notes were very very scant and not well explanative about data structures that are very complicated. Please either write a book or make it more clear how students should learn. Yes, the teacher tells us about stackover flow but I didn't know he was implying for us to use those resources. He should say something like "we don't offer a book with this course so use online resources" and not tip toe around the topic because people paid money to learn so take responsibility and make these changes please. I passed but it was very frustrating at first.
My background: Industrial Engineer with a decent programming background (including Python), but rusty with statistics.My review: The instructors clearly know what they are talking about and explains useful concepts.  However, the videos are very short, and some concepts feels rushed. The assignments are pretty challenging, which is a nice thing. The last one in particular is very nice and don't feel fabricated - you actually test an interesting hypothesis based on some data you have to extract and manipulate. To be able to finish the assigments, I had to use Google a lot. It kinda felt like cheating, but the course is pretty clear that you should look in the documentations and ask questions on Stack Overflow.Suggestions:Include more exercises to practice what was taught in the videos.Include a solution for each assignment - some questions I got it right, but I am sure my answer was not the most efficient or "pandorable" one. It would be nice to have a benchmark to compare after we pass the assignemnts.
It was informative but i felt the assignment part needed more clarification. I faced the problem that even though my solutions were right the autograder gave me lesser marks. I figured out that we must not print to the console. If that was clearly mentioned life would be easier.
Solid course.  I definitely would not recommend it to someone who doesn't have advanced beginner to intermediate python knowledge, though - while it does a good job at a review level for the necessary python, it really moves through the code details quite quickly.
It took me a while, but I finally figured out the problem with this class.
The lectures provide some good information, but only rarely do they go into WHY a particular action/method/approach is used or WHY it will be important later. I had to do my own deep dives into available documentation to figure out how most of the functionality covered in lectures really works. This is not necessarily a flaw in the class, but it does mean the suggested time commitment for each week of class is significantly underestimated.
The assignments, while interesting, have the same issue as the lectures. Most of the time is spent using of Google to look up Pandas and Numpy functions or methods, or if we really get stuck, to see if someone on StackOverflow already addressed 
any questions you might have.Put simply, the only different between this class and learning from a book is the class sets deadlines for the students to meet in the form of graded assignments.  Of course, the setting of deadlines is an excellent way to stimulate learning, and this is why I will continue on with the Data Science specialization.
The course will teach you basics of the Pandas library, which is an essential skill. It also gets involved with some issues related to data cleaning, which is also essential, but felt a little like There is very little peer-to-peer learning because there are no practice sets that peers can talk over, only assignments which Coursera's Honor Code naturally prohibits discussing. Hence, the learner never sees optimized code for solving real-world problems. I'm pretty sure I would have learned more if this course had provided more practice problems for learner discussions. For example, very inefficient iterations can be used to solved problems that should be solved in better ways with Pandas. I know that sometimes I was doing it right, but I think sometimes I wasn't and it would have been nice to see better code.
This course is very tough. For those who have just learned how to code python will take up to 8 hours for each assignment. The auto-grader required an exactly solution for the answer and sometimes the answer is corrected but you it give you wrong and you have no idea why it is wring just because the type of return value are different!Apart from those things, you will learned and accomplished alot from this course.
Very helpful for beginner in Python to build up a solid understanding and practical experience in pandas and NumPy library for querying, merging, grouping, and aggregating data frame.However, the old version of python library in the auto-grader brings some difficulties for grading assignments.
Great Course!! You learn alot about Python for data analytics. It is very hard for someone that is beginning to programming. But there are a lot of recourses on internet that can help you. I recomend this course for all that need learning data manipulation with python.
The course is good but it gets challenging in   doing assignments since you have to a lot of learning at your own , video lectures cover a limited domain of weekly projects. over all  this course will help you learn new stuff.
Assignment questions were not clear. I made lot of assumptions and went through forums to get clear picture. It would be good if the question is explained in more descriptive manner
the language is quite difficult to understand and the the course neede more detailed lectures
I have  taken my Pandas skills to a new level as a result of this course.
Great course. learned a lot from it
Very good content. One downside for me was that being new to Python, Pandas, Numpy, Scipy etc, I found the amount of new information being thrown at me to be a bit overwhelming.  Each of these languages/packages could be a separate course even before you start talking about Data Analysis concepts. I was able to complete all the assignments, but I feel like I know "just enough to be dangerous".Speaking of the assignments, if you're a newbie like me, give yourself plenty of time to complete to work on them.  My rule of thumb was to multiply the "estimated time" for each assignment by a factor of 4.  The assignment that was supposed to take 2 hours ended up taking my whole Saturday and the 4 hour project at the end of the course pretty much consumed an entire weekend. This might not apply if you have previous experience in this development environment or are just smarter than me ;-) Not everything that you need to know to do the homework is provided in the lecture, so expect to spend a lot of time in StackOverflow.  The discussion forums are also very useful.  Sometimes a teaching assistant will offer some hints that make all the difference.One gripe I have is with the automated grader.  It's a great idea, but sometimes you can submit a fairly complicated bit of code and the only feedback you get from the grader is: "Wrong!".  My suggestion: have two data sets, one for testing and another for grading.  Then students could openly discuss and debug their test results in the discussion forums without violating the Honor Code.  They would still have to submit a valid algorithm to pass against the test data.
I am a PhD scientist and heavy user of matlab, R, Stata, bash scripting, and some more esoteric computer languages. I took this course with the idea of covering some background in python skills in a structured manner, the goal being  to move many of my data science and some of my data processing code to python. I found the exercises useful. The lectures are not bad, I just felt they were an overview that either didn't connect much with some of the minutiae of the assignments or they were not always key to me given my background. Eg I found the week 2 videos more interesting; week 4 videos far less so especially the video about running a t-test in python (my statistical skillset is far more advanced).The real point of frustration is the grader which is extremely sensitive to slight variations. I feel there should be a feedback system where users/students document such cases that could then become a FAQ. Examples:Grader chokes on type but won't tell me: Submitting string 'True' instead of Boolean True. Grader chokes on useless (non)significant digits: using round(*,2) at one point crashes the submitted work.These "errors" are so slight that are almost beyond the human ability to catch them. The result is that, in part, the course turns from 'learning python skills' to 'getting to understand minutiae of what the grader does' which can be really frustrating.In sum, I believe there is value in this course but the grader is fairly broken and needs a FAQ or similar to warn re choke points generated from trivial differences. I am subtracting stars in the review for that particular reason.
Overall I would certainly recommend this course, I've found it immediately relevant in my field of science/engineering. It is fast-paced and difficult yes, especially for those of us with limited python experience, but that kick it gives leaves you with some solid, immediately-applicable skills.Where it goes well: Strong content and excellent delivery.Fosters independence. The course starts from the basics but accelerates at a fast pace, introducing you to roots of concepts but expecting you to expand on them yourself with outside resources rather than rote-learning. In this manner it leaves you VERY prepared to tackle unscripted challenges.Concise content. The lectures videos themselves contain almost zero fluff. The lecturer conveys relevant information in a very smooth and efficient manner. Replaying specific parts to revise or solidify understanding becomes a pleasure due to this.Where it could be improved: Could be a more polished.Time estimates for the assignments were WAY off. I do not mind a challenging assignment, however if it advertises that it will take 3 hours, I would hope not to expect to spend closer to 20 hours, however this certainly was the case. Multiply the estimated time by 4-5 to get a more realistic time.The assignment wording can sometimes be a little ambiguous. It's almost mandatory to go through the forum posts for clarification. I realise some things were noticed after the publication of the course, and contained by pinned posts in the forum, but perhaps if the next installment of the course could be updated, ironing out some of these wrinkles.
Teaching an online course is difficult since audience comes from various backgrounds. The lecturer in this course is very careful in choosing the materials to include so that the course covers the needs of a large base of audience. The title is quite misleading though, because it is neither an introduction course nor data science course, the true title should be: "Getting pro at data handling in Python"Although the course has been pretty well design and truly at a level much better than many online courses. I think there are several improvements should be made to avoid learners' frustration: 1. Lecturer speaks too fast. I feel like he was busy reading from his script without truly care whether people are really following or not. 2. Assignments are poorly written: although the concept introduces in assignments are relevant to real Data Science problems, the instructions are unclear and getting worse from week 1 to week 4. The most unorganized instruction is week 4 assignment, which seems to be prepared by several different TAs and then hurriedly combined together. 3. The pre-requisite should clearly state that learners should have some real programming experience to be able to debug his own code. Completing one or two courses in Python previously will not help performing well in this course. 4. The instructor should also state who should not take this course, it should be a waste of time for someone with many years of programming experience.
On balance, I'd recommend the course, but use it as only one of many sources you'll use to learn data science. My main complaints: 1. the course concentrates on mechanics of Python rather than on understanding of Data Science as a discipline, 2. It's rushed.ProsGood information on how to use the pandas library to manipulate data.Information on "advanced" Python functionality. Challenging assignments. Give yourself time (a weekend or several evenings for each assignment) and you'll learn a lot.ConsVery little information is given in the way of conceptual understanding of data science as a discipline. Focuses on the "how" but not the "why." Not much context given for the examples, so they seem a bit contrived. (For the opposite extreme, see the John Hopkins Data Science specialization.)Lectures are rushed. Looks like the prof is reading cue cars straight down without pausing for the students to digest anything. (The one or two lectures given by the TA just fly by without nary a pause for breath.) If you're trying to follow along, keep your finger on the pause button.The Jupyter notebooks are useful, but contain minimal commenting (barely more than a few headers), so if you plan to refer to the notebooks later (for reference), you'll need to put comments in yourself.Given code is sometimes sloppy (e.g., standard Python naming conventions are not always followed.)The automated grader is very picky. Read through the discussion board!
I really did like the course overall. The content and its concept are excellent. Make sure you already have Python fundamentals or you will work a little harder (I already had Python experience under my belt). The final project was a good first hands-on approach to doing something most employers would consider to be a real project. Since an autograder is used, the data sets were already provided, but one could imagine where one would have to acquire the data themselves and then follow similar procedures to accomplish a statistical task. My only complaints are: 1 (Minor): the attitude of some of the instructors in the Discussion Forums is off-putting. I don't know if this is a language barrier problem or if they truly just lack "soft skills" in working with people, but you have to take them with a grain of salt. Not all of them, but some in particular. 2 (Major): the autograder is years behind. The APIs (mostly Pandas) that you will use in real life have features that will work for your assignments, but then fail in the Autograder. I spent 1.5 to 2x as long on this month of the specialization due to how archaic the autograder is.  I will definitely be warning my employer about this if other people in my organization want to take the course. Figuring out these issues exist requires going to the Discussion Forums (the warnings are in the assignments), and there you will encounter problem #1 I pointed out.
Most of the course is great. The lecture content is interesting, well explained and backed up by examples. The notebooks to for following along the videos are very good too. The assignment problems are also interesting, applicable and to a reasonable level of difficulty. However there is one significant problem which, while not big enough to stop me recommending the course, is very frustrating. The assignment auto-grader has so many issues and peculiarities that on the third and fourth assignments I have spent more time getting the autograder to accept my answers which are already correct, than I spent actually obtaining the answers in the first place. Just one example of such a problem is that the autograder works with an older version of pandas so there is some syntax which will work perfectly when ran in the jupyter notebook but which will fail when the autograder tries to run it. I know it is not practical to have all assignments reviewed by a real person but something needs to be done about this, when it can take more time to get the assignment submitted than to actually complete it. It would also be good to have access to optimised assignment solutions after the assignment has been passed because it is certainly possible to pass the assignments without having a very efficient or 'pandorable' solution.
It was a good course, and I found I learned a good amount from it.  I feel the following changes would give future participants even more value:First, assignment grading is too rigid.  There are questions I failed that looked perfectly OK to me.  If a question fails, hints on how to get it to pass need to be provided.  One great example had something like "incorrect output.  Be sure that DataFrame.loc['Texas']['2012q3'] returns a float64" or something like that.  I tried that, found out I didn't strip spaces (I had 'Texas '), sorted that out, and got the right answer.  I feel spending too much time on that is "hacking the grader" vs. learning the material.Second, the course emphasized following along in the notebook, playing with it, and doing the assignments via checking Google / Stack Overflow.  That works, but it doesn't lead to as "Pandorable" code as it could otherwise.  Some of my solutions were slow, and I started to get into "one-trick pony" mode using .apply() everywhere.  That oftentimes isn't fast enough.  Pandas, by nature of optimizations under the hood, is a very "meta" language.  Teaching the primitives and building to those pieces could use more emphasis.
Overall a good learning experience. The assignments were challenging and time consuming at times which is primarily what I am basing my experience on. The lectures on the other hand fell short of substance and not so helpful understanding philosophy behind using prescribed python tools. Most of my learning was self taught trying to solve the assignments which I really enjoyed! The lectures felt rushed and crammed up. Instructor focused more on python tools for Data Science rather than why use Python for data science in first place and pros and/or cons it(tools) brings to Data Science. I felt I learnt more on why use python for Data Science from the course specialization "Python for Everybody" taught by Prof. Charles Severance from same University. The Jupyter notebook interface was great! I really like the fact that you could play with the code shown on lecture slides/videos. This course dwells deep into Python tools such as pandas. For python newbies (like myself) I recommend taking some introductory python course(s) which would greatly help with solving assignments on this course.
the course material is relevant to real-world data science and, while not every topic needed for the assignments is covered in the class, this is also realistic as you commonly have to search documentation to discover the "right" object or method needed for your particular task/dataset.  The only reason I hold back from a five-star rating is that the assignments are often stated in vague terms and it's not always clear as to exactly what measure your code should return.  For example, one assignment asks students to measure a decline in some value across a date period.  this could be a difference, or a ratio, but it wasn't stated in the assignment.  only in the forums was it clarified that we should calculate a ratio.  finally, the expected time requirements are very underestimated.  There's no way that these assignments can be completed within only 2-4 hours unless you already know pandas.  Having plenty of python experience and being new to pandas, i still had to search documentation extensively for the right methods to transform data appropriately.
First of all i would say that anyone with not a strong background or not with a strong functional programming background will be in for a lot of hardwork during this course. Secondly i would say that this course helps you search documentation yourself instead of being spoon feed. This specially where i come from a teacher is only as good as much as he spoon feeds you. So the the people of the above mentioned category should definitively take this course if not to become a data scientist then to learn how does one learn at this level and that definitely not being spoon feed. I think this is a good intro to data science in general because it is such a vast field that one always has that difficulty deciding where to start.In the course i can say it was mostly basic descriptive statistics and just one thing from inferential statistics which came in the last week's project that is the two independent samples means t testing.So all in all if you are not strong in your statistics you can still take this course easily
Felt like this course was trying to pack a lot of information into only four weeks.  I find Python to be a very frustrating language - at least that's how Pandas feels.  Compared to R the syntax is dreadful. And I found myself digging through help files and FAQs to find ways to do what should be the simplest things - like accessing values in a data frame.  The Pandas help documents are not written for beginners, but written in a mathematically precise manner that makes them inaccessible.  (Their preference for 1-letter variable names is unhelpful.)  Stack Overflow is much better  but it's a crap shoot as to whether somebody has addressed the exact issue that is bothering me at any given point. One final issue: it would be nice to see model solutions.  I understand the difficulty in having online solutions available for an online course, but I found myself writing what I considered to be inefficient code fairly often.  Would love to see slicker ways to do these tasks.
Excellent material - covers basics, shows most used approaches, laid out logically and sequentially. The language was clear. Very important - presenters did not improvise, but read from a script, which ensured that the materials was delivered in a succinct and precise way, respecting the time of the student. The teaching team is solid in their grasp of the theory. Good support on the forums by the teaching staff with smart tips and tricks for more efficient "pythonic" way of coding the algorithms. Very relevant and thought-provoking side reading material.Downside - submissions could be graded wrong for small technicalities (despite the numbers being correct). In many cases I needed to resubmit just to satisfy some insignificant technical requirement. This passes the message that what is important are the formalities and not getting the answer right - there should have been more flexible/smart auto-grading. Overall I recommend the course.
I NEARLY QUIT,but finally i made it.This is my first time to take a "learn by doing" course, i'm not feel comfortable and confident. When i'm ocuppied in the assignment, i always feel frustrated.  However, when i become adapting the course ,i feel great and i love the course.After finishing the course, i learned a lot,not only skill, but how to self-learning as well.And i love the reading work,although my english is broken,i still enjoy the topic argument.I like the article 'end of theory' best, which gives me a lot of insight.  And i have to mention,the autograder is lacking feedback, when i got wrong anwser, i didn't know where i make mistakes. So it spent me plenty of time to find what mistake i made. Thanks to enthusiastic participator in the forum,especially 'Sophie Greene','Barthold Albrecht' and 'Yusuf Ertas',without you i can't finish the course.But i hope teachers can make the autograder give us more feedback.
Really good introduction to Data Science. Great lectures and really good exercises to enforce what you have learnt.If you are wondering to do this course, and have reservations given the many reviews about the lack of spoon feeding, I would advise to still consider it. For some other courses, which have those kind of reviews, have often been spot on.However, personally, I found the balance to be good in this course. Learning to solve the problems yourself, with the safety net of a great discussion board and grader to tell you if you are right or wrong,  you will get there. The approach really allows personal development for problems without either of those two aids. Some have been disparaging about the over dependence on Stackover flow to help finish the exercises. I can see the frustration, but the Fundamentals were taught well, and learning to bridge the gap efficiently using Stack overflow is a large learning.
This was a good course.  The professor (Chris Brooks) was EXCELLENT, although much of the material was presented very quickly and was difficult to follow at times.  The real learning came during the exercises, which I generally found to be very difficult but also very good at ensuring the material presented in lecture was actually reinforced through hands-on programming.  I would recommend making more exercises, perhaps two per week, rather than one very detailed exercise at the end.  The last week's exercise, in particular, was very difficult for me and I would recommend breaking part 5 (of 6)  of that exercise into several smaller chunks that could be completed and graded individually.  Rather than 10-10-10-10-10-50 as the points awarded in that exercise, I would also recommend changing the scoring to 10-10-10-10-35-25 as the next-to-last part of the exercise was by far the most difficult and time consuming.
This course is kind of difficult for those who have zero or little computer programming background. But if you have completed the Python for Everybody in Coursera, you can quickly get on it. To take this course, make sure you have basic knowledge in Python, or you may get frustrated quickly. Also, you can refer to Stack Overflow, Github for solutions if you have struggled for a long time on assignments. But, don't just copy the answers, go search the Python/Pandas/Numpy Docs for further explanation, and try your own way to optimize the solutions.  All in all, this is a very good course to deeply explore data science by Python.  One problem for me, an international student, is what the instructor says sometimes confused me because I can't understand the abstract concept just by listening. I hope more graphic explanation could be added in lectures.
'Introduction' is a bit of a misnomer for the course. If you already have even a fairly elementary understanding of analytics/data science, this course adds nothing of value; if you don't have that understanding, you don't really a great intro into what it is. If you already have at least some programming and/or python experience, this course does a good job of showing you the kind of tools Python has specifically for dealing with data; if you don't have any programming experience (especially in python), you may be way out of your depth. The exercises were well designed and were great learning opportunities, but were far more difficult than course materials implied, especially for python beginners. In spite of limited lectured information, the activities helped me get a great appreciation of python, which is the course's saving grace.
In conjugation with learning from the Python for Data Science book this course is a nice introduction to the topic. I would say there is too much scope to pass the course with bad code and not learn much. It will take self discipline to not accept whatever works and learn the general aspects taught. There is a large degree of independent learning required which means that to get the best out of the course requires dedicated time exploring. If I didn't have the book I may have felt lost. The discussion forum contained key information a rushed student may not have picked up, however it is a testament to the mentors that this became readily available along with their support. This course could have done with some peer review to allow code comparisons to check quality, methodology and readability without breaking the honor code.
Generally very interesting and helpful course. Lectures could have been a bit meatier (I spent a lot more reading through the docs than most other Coursera programming classes to complete my homework). It's one of the few Data Science sequences that seem to be offered in Python, rather than R, which was a big motivator for taking this particular class (the transition to working with big data with for example pyspark should be significantly easier). As an side: one thing that would be helpful is if learners could see the solutions after submitting/getting a grade. Learners would stand to learn a lot by seeing the 'better'/'accepted' answers -- even though I aced the assignments, I _know_ my code isn't as "pandorable" as it could be. That remains one of (a few) bigs differences between a MOOC and in-person teaching...
The course is excellent. I really enjoyed this course. But I think that the assignments are a bit too tough because sometimes the concepts required in assignments are not covered in the lectures and help is needed from 'Discussion Forums'. Since I approached discussion forums only when I could not think of anything else, sometimes it was very frustrating for me because I got stuck on a couple of problems for even some days. Thus, assignments should be only on the concepts covered or it would be better if lectures could be made more exhaustive so that we can learn more in the lectures itself. Otherwise, the course is great and the person who helps us on the Discussion Forums is super. His efforts are commendable and he is very knowledgable, cooperative and active.
The course material was good, but don't expect to have your hand held during this experience. While the lectures are informative, the assignments often leap ahead in complexity. Each assignment does say that you will have to do some research on your own, to be fair, but the amount of self teaching required is, in my opinion, too much. That said, the problems posed by the assignments do build on each other (even if they don't line up well with the lecture material) and if you honestly take the time to learn the things you have to understand in order to complete each assignment, you will walk away with some new skills and a sense of accomplishment. 4 out of 5 for teaching me some new things, minus the one star for being more of a challenge than I was expecting.
It was hard and I could not have passed nor learned much except frustration if it had not bee for Sophie Green (TA) superb support.I could not start the course on time but the first week was easy.  So I was surprised by the work excepctation from the 2nd week.  Also it did not match what was forcasted by instructors. 2h  --> 10h, 4h--> 20h... and I'm not count the night thinking of ways to solve the problem.I think that difficult comes from the expectation that documentation is understandable by newbies.   Also question were often tested on type but the expected type output was not mentioned in the questions.Finaly, I think personally would need to learn how to debug properly a python program (going step by step in it)Hard and challenging. Thank you Sophie
This is a good introduction to Python and especially pandas for handling data. However, the course material is not very comprehensive, and you are expected to read online documentation and search StackOverflow to find answers to most of the required functionalities if you wish to finish the assignments. But, and here comes the but, this is actually how you would proceed the day you are faced with a "real" data science task, so from that perspective it is a good lesson. Also, for learners out there not wishing to pay for similar material, there are plenty of notebooks (on e.g. GitHub) that more or less contain the same (for free!). In summary, mr. Brooks does a good job explaining the material and the assignments are hands-on and well thought through.
Good introduction to Python, with a heavy focus on Pandas. Definitely worth doing if you're struggling a bit with the Pandas documentation. The course assessment were a bit of an up-hill battle for me, but I feel more skilled for completing them, so I would encourage others to fully engage as much as possible. Same with the readings that are set. In fact, I'd like to see more recommended readings, along the lines of David Donoho's paper. The course uses Jupyter notebooks for assessments, which was refreshing, and has in-video code to work-through which was also much appreciated. All-in-all, take the course if you're interested in Python and Pandas. It will eat your time quite a bit to do the assessments if you're like me, so be prepared for that.
This course was great to get a start in Data Science. I thought the lectures and the course notes were very well presented and served as a good resource for the assignments. The use of Jupyter notebooks was especially helpful. I found the course forums also very helpful in debugging my code. I have some previous experience with Pythons so the level of the assignments was easy enough that I didn't feel overwhelmed, but challenging enough for me do a lot of independent study. A criticism I have is that the Jupyter notebooks kept logging me off so saving assignments regularly failed and I had to redo work often. I usually don't pay for courses on Coursera, but the quality of this was so good that I will definitely continue with the specialization.
The course is overall very good and is definitely a very complete introduction to the topic.Sometimes I found the pace of the course a bit too fast: it's quite difficult to focus on the Professor's explanations and, at the very same time, follow the commands typed on the jupyter notebook (not to mention reproducing them on my own!!). The python exercises are overall quite well done, even though in some parts they could benefit from clearer explanations (thankfully almost always provided in the discussion section). Be careful that often the programming assignments go beyond what has been explained in the lectures and therefore require an active search in the documentation, on online forum such as stack overflow or in the resources section.
The video-based training  for the course was good. I think there is often too big a jump from what is covered in the videos to what the learner is asked to work through in an assignment. Perhaps more, and more modular assignments would help. It would be impossible (at least in my opinion) to pass the course without the teaching assistants and the interactions in the forums. (A big hand for the TA's!) The additional readings and thought-provoking questions are very good. Please continue them. Finally, whatever you can do to get Coursera to improve the (incredibly cryptic) automated grader functionality would be appreciated: there were times when I felt that the only way to get an answer right was to sacrifice a goat at the grader's altar.
I would say this course is kind of a crash course on pandas. If you are looking to learn pandas from basics and want to explore each possibility of different methods and attributes of pandas object and classes, this is not for you. But, if you already know a bit of pandas and want to build on that, I definitely recommend this course. The course instructor speaks very fast and sometimes it's kinda hard to follow along with video and notebook exercise. The assignments are a bit challenging and requires double the time mentioned in the course if you are not fluent with pandas. I would look to see some built in interactive practice tool within the course rather than separate notebook files. I wish you good luck with the course.
This was more challenging than expected, worth it though. Had to self learn a lot. Previously had some exposure to the basics of Data Science and still found it hard. I would recommend this if you are willing to put some time into it. I would suggest the course instructors to add more lectures and provide more specifics and nuances/methods in lectures. I would also recommend interested learners to enroll in UCSanDiego's Data Science Program.  I felt they had more comprehensive lectures. Though at times there were some quirks that I only learned from the current course. Also just a tip, TA's are great and most of the questions you may have might already be answered in the discussion forum, so do check it when you get stuck.
This course was very beneficial. It provided the entire spectrum of difficulty-from easy to quite difficult. I came into this course with a beginner to moderate level of programming knowledge and it proved to still be a mental battle at points. I would say a bit of advise would be to help clarify some of the assignment questions. There were several questions where I wasted a lot of time just because the prompt was not clear. I was able to figure out by asking or by looking through the discussion forums, though. But I think there may be some clarity needed to reduce the time of doing this going forward. I look forward to taking the next courses as well. Keep up the good work and continue to improve the course!
I thought the videos for this course were appropriately concise and well-done. The projects were about the right difficulty and length (although the one for week three was more time consuming than expected). They were interesting enough to keep engaged. I think the span of topics was also useful and appropriate. I would have liked if the autograder gave more detailed output on what was wrong with a submission. I also think it would be extremely beneficial to see the "right" ways of solving this problems after a submission is completed. I'm sure I didn't use the optimal pandas approach in some instances, as it stands I seem to have no way of knowing and improving my knowledge beyond getting a passing grade.
I like the content covered in the lectures. That's very useful for me to clean data parsed from webpages. There is one thing I hope the course can improved, which probably has been mentioned in the forum for many times: the auto-grader is not flexible that it doesn't grant any points to answers that is slightly different from the submitted form (e.g. upper/lower cases, white space, etc.) and we have a hard time figuring out what exactly the auto-grader is accepting. I would suggest modifying the auto-grader such that it allows flexibility in answer acceptance, or breaking down questions into smaller parts (more partial credits) and give more precise/detailed description on the format of answer expected.
There were some small draw-backs, like the fact that the subtitles in the lectures often had mistakes (it is clear it was either computerized or outsourced). But overall the content and the lectures were of very high quality. So I would recomment it to colleagues for sure.However, there were some very frustrating omissions in the assignments that made them take much longer than needed. Lack of specificity in requirements, or even just not including very crucial details. I had to search the forum to find out that I was doing everything right, but just was doing not exactly the calculation desired. This is a big oversight and cost me time on the assignments that had nothing to do with my understanding.
In general, the course is present in a coherent and concise way. This course mainly focus on pandas library in python. Finishing this course, you will have the essential tool to manipulate pandas series and dataframe. However, the course has room for improvement, especially the assignment section. Question 2 of week 3 assignment is ambiguous and  the data set provided is prone to misleading. And I also think the data set provided for week 4 assignment is corrupted. When set the house price data's index to ['State', 'RegionName'], the multi index is not unique! Also, few of the university town names are not in the house price list!In a nutshell, if you are new to pandas, this is a good place to start.
The homework assignment really require a lot of research, which is daunting. It's not as if the things are that hard to research, but maybe sometimes some hints of where to start looking would be nice. I paid for many more months than one to complete this course, some of which was my unavailability, some was the quantity of time it took to churn through the assignments. OTOH, I had only coded in Netlogo and R, and it took a REALLY long time to understand slicing in python. It's not intuitive and it's not explained well online. How about some slicing questions for practice at the beginning, or separately from the practice? Or a practice module that offers endless slicing practice?
The course is informative and well structured. The programming assignments are challenging, but I consider this a good thing as it forces the students to learn on their own. Be prepared to spend more time than advertised.The course aims to be realistic and thus puts a lot of emphasis on data preparation and cleaning. However, it lacks tests for your code so it is often tough to figure out exactly what the autograder wants to see prior to submitting. This had caused me some frustration as the final project does not expect a thoroughly cleaned data set, but rather one that is cleaned up to a certain point (e.g., you have to remove parenthesis but leave orphan punctuation in place).
I liked the assignments, but I would've loved to see the instructor's answers at the end of each one, since in many cases you could work around to get to the answer in a non-pandorable way (or what you might thing was pandorable, but wasn't really). I know being an online course it is very difficult to post the answers because you can't control where the answers may end up and how people would use them, but seeing some pandorable answers is really what I wanted to learn in this course (understanding the pandorable way to do it). This worked well in the in-video assignments, where you get to an answer and then you were shown the instructor's answer, which sometimes surprised you.
I definitely learned a lot of Python skills from this course, and it was challenging (most of the time, in a good way). However, there were several times where I felt the assignments could have been more clear with expectations. The autograder also made it very difficult to troubleshoot wrong answers without spending time looking through forums. The use of an outdated version of Pandas in the autograder was also a nuisance.You will definitely need to spend time on Stack Overflow for some assignment questions - but I suppose that's just part of programming. I still do think the course videos and sample problems could have used a few more examples that relate to the assignments.
The course was amazing but it seems to have become outdated. Firstly, some of the codes that worked perfectly on my personal Jupyter did not function correctly on Coursera's Jupyter portal. Also, some discussions in the forum gave some answer hints that were outdated. On Week 4's assignment last question, i.e. the t-test one, I wasted hours trying to get the pvalue 0.0027xxx which was hinted in the discussion forums by a teaching assistant. However, once I submitted my assignment with a different pvalue, I realized my answer had been correct all this time.Nevertheless, above doesn't undermine the fact that the lectures were amazing and coursework was designed appropriately.
Overall, this was a good introductory course to data science with python. With some previous python experience, I was able to follow along with most examples and assignments. I had not worked with Jupyter notebooks previously, so this course served to get me comfortable with using both notebooks and the pandas library. I found the reading assignments on [data] science to be enjoyable, and perspective broadening. In my opinion, the course somewhat underestimates the time required for assignments by someone not familiar with pd (nontheless the assignments themselves were useful). The existing message boards/forums were useful for figuring out problematic assignments.
In general, this course is able to introduce the basics of data manipulation in pandas. Exercises are designed in a way that key python functions can be applied. The downside is, I feel like the grading some what less intuitive. For example, in may assignments, student has to import pandas or numpy in each and every function in order to get the score. Another problem when submitting your assignment is that students have to SAVE changes in order for the new code to take effect. Last but not least, the reading of the grading report is unclear. Students may not get the full reason for certain errors, thus creating challenges to improve their homework.
The assignments are at a perfect introductory, yet not too trivial level.  However, I think the way the assignments are graded is very restrictive (i.e. the auto-grader expects very specific outputs with properties which are not essential to the solution required) and a lot of the student's time is wasted on rewriting the solution to accomodate this.The "statistics" part of the course is unnecessary, as the only way in which it is relevant is one line of code in the fourth assignment. People who want to know what running a t-test means should be referred to Wikipedia.Overall I had a great experience and I will do more courses on Coursera.
Personally, I find that the course is good. As it's name, the course teaches how to use Python in many basic Data science task.I really appreciate the assignments, they cover well the introduced concepts.However, the only negative point (for which I do not give the course 5 stars) is the speaking speed of speakers. I bet that there are not many students whose IQ is over 140 to understand the videos without pausing several times. I mean, the instructor should focus on the ability of listeners, there are so many times I even could not read what are being appeared on the screen while the instructor are keep speaking and speaking.
Really enjoyed the pace and realistic assignments. The skills I have learned would surely help me apply these techniques in the real world. The various discussions and articles though optional were excellent to give a thorough understanding. I would only point out that althogh the assignments were challenging and pose realistic problems, the automatic grader seemed to require the correct answers in too narrowly defined format which was often never clear from the instructions. Either the instructions should be made clearer or else the auto-grader should be 'smarter' explaining the actual reasons why something could be wrong.
Caution: This course is not beginner friendlyWarning: It will take longer then other courses to complete the course if considered with the quality of assignment is good, but the lectures are very limited in coverage, This course requires exhaustive self study(which is not bad but in itself) but as a beginner you require more hand holding. some more lectures needed to be added to bridge the gap between assignment and lectures. The person with very limited time will struggle to complete the course on time. As for myself, i enjoyed the course but at time it was frustrating to the extend that i considered giving up on course.
Take this course for the challenging assignments. The well designed problems will require you to research and implement multiple Python features after visiting StackOverflow, reading documentation, exploring blogs etc.I have taken away one star because the assignments also happen to be the only compelling reason to take this course. The video lectures, in my opinion, lacked both breadth and depth. There is a lot that you will 'kind of' understand, but very few topics that you will feel entirely confident about -- this is specially true for the last week where the instructor simply mentions several topics of statistics.
This course is mostly great. The automatic grading software usually provided helpful output, and when it didn't there were discussion threads with staff-posted answers that unblocked me, so I was never stuck. The assignments were great because they are generally real-world scenarios. There was a slight misalignment between the week 2 teachings and assignment which required some reading ahead and using StackOverflow, but otherwise the assignments aligned well with their weeks' teachings. The videos are easy to understand. I feel super comfortable with python, pandas, and Jupyter notebooks after taking this course.
The Videos were usually engaging, although the pacing was often too fast, and the video did not always match the words spoken, this was very distracting. The exercises and readings were excellent as they focused on big picture issues and the ethics of data science, which kept the course interesting as data science and coding can tend to be quite dry. The assignments were my favourite part as they were stimulating and often challenging. They really forced you to go back to the course content, and to the pandas documentation to figure things out. All in all a really enjoyable course, which I learnt a lot out of.
It is a really great course that forces you to rely on your ability to teach yourself, but has a great discussion forum that all students should be on to get the full understanding. I would like more feedback from the autograder and I would appreciate a bit more of a warning about the time estimate per week. Definitely 8-10 hours a week just in assignments. This is mostly due to the fact that the autograder can get you stuck, also make sure to use pandorable code because if you don't most likely your answer won't be correct. Overall learned a ton and can't wait to start the next course in this specialization!
To course content creators:Thank you for working on keeping the course materials updated. While this is really important, it is really frustrating that a course is upgraded and you are forced to switch mid way through. I'm at the end of week 3 and as a new mom I have very limited time to work on my course work. For full time working learners/single parents/learners with several other commitments, the flexibility offered is of most importance. It's inexcusable to ask learners to complete a course in limited time when everyone signed up and paid for a course that you can take your time to complete.
I think the structure of the lessons are highly relevant for data sciecne and taught well. So for Syllabus content I think you are doing veryy wellCons: Nearly all the problems I encountered were related to the autograder not being helpful! There  could be better error handling/debugging i.e. instead of just saying the answer is wrong, explain why and the aswer that is expected. For example, I spent DAYS on the final question (run ttest)of the last assignment. I had the right answer all along except the autograder was expecting the type to be numpy float 64, whereas my answer was just a float!
What I like this course: Assignment! Geat assignments. Challenging and learnt a lot.What I do not like this course:instruction videos: way too shallow, and no real examples. I understand pandas and numpy are both very comprehensive libraries and it is impossible to cover every details. However, if the instructor could teach a real case study,(like similar cases in assignments), learners could have better understading going into the assignments.Finally, teacing staff are great, very helpful.I learned a lot from this course, not from the instructors, but from assignments and teaching staff.
I can see a couple of problems in this course. How to access and change elements in a data frame (especially the use of loc and iloc) is not explained very well and I believe there is an error in the slides. The second thing is that I have found more powerful methods in pandas documentation, for example assign() or nlargest() and nsmallest(). This is not really a problem if one of the "hidden" purposes is to push students to actively search the docs for what they would like to do.Work load for the assignments is just fine in my opinion, not too little, not too much.Overall I am satisfied.
I felt that there was very little hand-holding in this course. I think there was good and bad from that. On the one hand, I think it could have been more helpful if the lecture content more directly correlated to the assignment questions. However,  I definitely think that learning to utilize the internet (stack overflow etc.) is an integral part to coding in any language in today's landscape as well. So there is something to be said for that for sure. Overall, I think I learned a lot of valuable skills in the course and I'm looking forward to continuing the others in the specialization.
It is a very nice course, providing you are able to pour a LOT of individual efforts into it, especially into the assignments. The knowledge required to finish the course is far beyond what they taught. I spent 70% of my time in the course on Stackoverflow or Google, or asking my friends. However, I admitted I gained huge amount of knowledge and experiences, as well as "individual research skills" and confidence, from this course. I would recommend going through this course in a much shorter period of time than recommended (like in a week), during your vacation or week off.
Solid introduction to using Python for basic data science applications. By the end of the course I feel confident that I know how to go about cleaning data and doing some basic analysis on it. The practical programming assignments are great, you can really dig your teeth into them without them being so challenging that it scares you off. Expect it to take you longer to complete the assignments than the official estimated time. What's also great is that all the code from the lectures is posted so you can easily play with it to be able to follow along with the lectures.
I didn't utilize the discussion pages until the third week, but they are extremely helpful. The pseudo code that was sometimes given in those discussions was also helpful for learning the material because it revealed programming solutions that I was unaware of given my inexperience with the python language. My only real issue is that I wasn't expecting the self-learning for the end of week assignments, but it wasn't that bad. The in-video problems were nice, I would like to see more small, non-graded assignments to help practice the language and get a feeling for it.
This is a really great course. It's super informative, the video lectures are more engaging than those of any other online class I've taken, and I have learned so so much. However, I started this course as more or less a complete beginner. If that's you, then be prepared to spend a ton of time and energy on the homework (around 6 hours per assignment). I fortunately had a friend who helped me out a lot, but if you're a complete beginner, short on time, and don't have access to someone who can help you, I'd recommend finding another course or working up to this one.
CONs: I did find some of the ungraded peer evaluations could use a little refinement. I've shared this feedback with the team though and I doubt it will get in the way of anyone else's learning.PROs: Found the forum useful and between that and stackoverflow, getting the hang of Python for Data Science shouldn't be any trouble with those coming from an analyst or programming background. The ethics discussions and articles presented were good foundations for folks starting out in a field where communication of risks and biases is critical before acting on results.
This course is accurately advertised as requiring intermediate programming experience. It focusses on some of the basic python tools that are used in data science like pandas, specifically dataframes. For a python newbie like me, some of the assignments were quite challenging as they required significant additional reading and search. I would have appreciated if all of the concepts required to solve the assignments were introduced in the same week, so my additional reading and search would have been more targeted. Very little stats if any is required or taught.
Was a great overview of the Pandas and Numpy frameworks.I loved the course as it gives a quick overview to every aspect of pandas framework.But, what I absolutely hated was that the instructors just introduce you to every aspect and just do it themselves without much of an explanation, specially after week 2 ends.So, we need a lot of self studying which is super overwhelming to those of us who are just being introduced to data science in Python.Self-studying is a key aspect, but still a bit of more explanation in each video would have made the course 5-star.
I really like the lectures. They are fast paced, full of useful information. I also like the design and intentions of the assignments. They really help enhance the learning. I love the required reading too. It really expands your vision from a course to a much bigger world.My gripe is mostly on the lack of attention to details for the assignment questions. There is a lot of ambiguity there. Forums and tips helped, but I would rather they spec out the questions in the first place. I hate to guess what the auto-grader want.All in all, it's a very good course!
Loved the lectures and structure. Great course. The assignments were very educational, but I was a bit frustrated with the autograding at times. It felt like, what was preventing me from advancing had nothing to do with the actual course material, but the technical set-up instead. I don't know if it's possible, but having the auto-grader tell you what went wrong (which criteria your submission didn't live up to) would be a huge help and help students like me avoid too much frustration. Just a thought. Still a great course - keep up the good work :)
I found this course very useful and interesting. Assignments are very helpful to test your skills and how one can apply the content learned during lectures in actual problems. There is a lot of functionality and details in the Pandas library but, this course is designed very well to enable the students to get a good understanding of Pandas. Although, I faced some problems regarding the assignment grader. Moreover, the course videos end abruptly and it gets difficult to understand what the Professor was explaining towards the end of the lecture.
The videos were little fast paced. The explanation were good. It would be better if more detailed explanation on pandas has been given. Some more functions of pandas must be given because in assignment part the questions were little tricky and the question of that type has not discussed. You have to learn more from other resources. However overall course was good, it gives a good explanation on how to use python to manipulate data in table and many more. Before opting this course the individual should have a good grasp on basics of python.
A lot of the harder questions were unclear or not covered by the course. Many were passed onto "look this up yourself", which is fine, but sometimes a different approach resulted in a slightly different answer marked as wrong. The group_by stuff was especially tricky, as it was unlike its SQL counterpart and could have used a better example, eg with a function to split into quarters or group columns. Other than that, very interesting overall and very neat datasets. I would encourage having students check out kaggle.com for extra credit.
Small criticism - either requirements.txt should be published (version dependencies) or the course should be updated for to reflect modern versions of pandas, or perhaps both. Autograder has a tendency not to be able to process subtle differences in dataframe shapes from time to time and this is discussed at length in the forums but nothing much is done to rectify. Possibly related to obsolete versions and dependencies. Questions could be slightly better formed. All in all, a great course, which has kept me busy for a couple of weeks!
Introduction to Data Science in Python is a nice introductory course to jumpstart your career in the field of data-science while working with python. The course assumes you have basic knowledge of python programming including its syntax and semantics. Later, the course quickly dives into topics like list comprehensions, lambda expressions, numpy arrays, pandas series/dataframes. Most, of the common tasks involved in the field of data-science such as data cleansing, data analysis and manipulation are thoroughly covered in this course.
More about Python skills related to Data Science than Data Science itself.Good quality of lectures, although they are very dry and brief. Assignments are challenging and require some googling/extra study. Supplementary materials are very inspiring - I enjoyed them the most. If you want to be well prepared to use Python in data science field and have some time to spend working on the assignments - this is the course for you.If you want the gentle introduction to the whole discipline - this is not the starting point I would recommend.
This was way above my level knowledge. One will definitely a strong level of knowledge in stats and data analysis to begin with. The Python part is but only a tool in this module / course. For that reason I found the tutorials way too fast paced. I had to go back on everything and test, so a 5 mins tutorial video would sometimes take me 30 mins  or longer to complete.The 3 hour / 4 hour assessments took me days! Yet - a great way to jump into something new! The course itself is great. The presentation and content is just as great.
Excellent course challenging at every stage. Especially the emphasis on assignments without spoon feeding is really brilliant. One suggestion is during the assignments, especially week4 there are situations where Pandas was giving lot of trouble. For beginners it is becoming trial and error in between. Will be good if you can collate such challenging aspects and include optional tutorial for students to specialize in those topics. YOu need not cover everything but some comprehensive on such topics. Otherwise course is excellent
Good information but the auto-grader could be re-tooled to provide more feed back, especially for common issues. I would like more reference material for basic python/panda operations with examples.  I should not need to dig into a forum to get a link to commonly used syntax. Having a basic reference guide with clear examples would have saved me hours of time and my retention and the overall experience would have been much improved (please use your class to share what you know, it does not have to be this painful)
The
theory and examples are very good and cover a lot of functionalities.
I like most the questions that pop up in the middle of the videos, it
is a great way to check whether you understood the concepts.
Some
parts require refinements, the questions in the middle of the videos
must be synchronized with the content (there is a little time gap)
and the questions in the weekly assignments must be reviewed in
depth, I dislike wasting a lot of time trying to understanding what
is required to answer in each question.
Very technical course, heavily focused on working with data, oriented on self-study. It is more about Python how to deal with datasets in it, in the very end, you got introduced to t-test co make basic statistical test, without any underlying math concepts.Get ready to visit official Python websites, libraries documentation, forums like GeeksforGeeks, Stack, etc. Assignments are hard but very useful, however, I would prefer more lectures on Python functionality, since course material does not cover much.
The material covered is solid, however the one missing star in my rating is attributed to poor design of the assignments. To be specific, there's a lack of clarity in the instructions, also there is a HUGE leap between the learning examples and the last assignment. Understood that it takes some self-learning and searching over the internet, but for the fees I paid I would expect the course to provide the materials readily. Otherwise, what is the point of me coming here, I could have get a book and learn!
The content of this course is excellent and the assignements deliver a good learning experience which encourages independant problem solving. The autograder can be frustrating at times due to version errors which occasionally arise when working offline. This can be demoralising at the outset, but all of the information required to pass the assignments can be found in the lecture materials and discussion posts. 5-stars for an updated autograder or some more obvious information regarding its limitations.
It's really good but the assignments are super ambigous and you will have to browse through the forum to get the info what exactly you are supposed to do (not exactly a bad thing, but may be very frustrating), couple of times I just changed something ambigous in my code to the "other option" and passed this way submission - probably tutors would like their students not to do that, but it's a good strategy in this situation. The forum is essential in passing the course, I guess it shouldn't be this way.
Very Good content. Quite challenging for someone new to data processing. Great Experience. Thank you Coursera and University of Michigan.Suggestion: I had to google many stuffs to find some python methods and data processing tricks. These things can be provided as reference material. But It is not a big deal as searching and working out my way to the completion was fun.Also more exercises can be provided before assignment to make the students a bit more acquainted before attempting assignments.
Great! Even for someone with some python / pandas experience, it was a nice refresher / found new tips / tricks. I actually enjoyed the fact that the assignments didn't hold your hand and forced students to solve problems with the forum and other resources. Look forward to the rest of the courses in this specialisation!  Two aspects you could improve is teaching is (1) Multiindex and (2) Regex. It seemed like you purposely avoided discussing these. These should be a mandatory subjects to learn.
This was a great introduction to the material which gave me enough of a background to start doing small projects myself. I didn't find the videos necessarily that helpful - I mostly learned by reading documentation and stackoverflow responses - but the assignments were well-structured and challenging. My only problem with this was that the automatic grader took some getting used to, and I think that the first programming assignment should have come with some basic notes about how to handle it.
I learned a lot thanks to the challenging assignments, lectures were a little too fast and confusing at times, but the jupyter notebooks provided are very useful to interact with and learn. Would have given 5 stars if they update their python version and pandas library version, some new functions I used on my local machine don't work on the coursera jupyter notebook, and it is really annoying to have to go out of my way to change code that works in latest versions but not in older version.
This course helped me get started with data science. It contains a lot of useful methods and functions which prove to be worthy in day to day python programming as well. One must have a good understanding of basic python before enrolling for this course and must study the reference books mentioned to ace the assignments. The only CON of this course is that the assignments are difficult when compared to the tutorials but, as I said above, one must study the references to keep up with it.
I found the exams, especially the final 2, to be very challenging.  The estimated exam completion time was 2 hours.  I must have averaged 20 hours.  The exam difficulty is evinced by the numerous questions posted on the forum. Kudos to staff member Yusuf Ertas for his helpful and timely responses!  Much material necessary for the exams was NOT covered in the lectures.  Although the lectures were excellent, I feel the majority of my learning took place on outside research for the exams.
A good course to start Data Science. However, it would be better if the videos could be more explanatory. This course has very short videos and assumes that the candidate should do EVERYTHING (in terms of research on external resources or reading elsewhere). The assignments are challenging enough for you to learn the technology pretty well but again, there could have been better, longer and more in-depth explanations to cover the assignments. A lot of time goes in doing your research.
The video classes are informative and very clear. The exercises during the classes were thorough and allowed me to apprehend the concepts at a good pace. My only problem were the auto-graded exams. Sometimes the questions are not crystal clear and the auto-grader isn't intelligent enough to discern between a logical mistake and some detail about table formatting. Fortunately these problems are discussed in the forums and usually one can get clues on what they can be from the mentors.
Even when I have experience with python, sometimes I feel explanations of pandas functions where not explained with enough dedicated time. Some questions in the homework have ambiguous parts, difficult to interpret.  The autograder has technical problems to grade answers. Some information would be very useful to have in the instructions of the assignments, not located in the forums.  I liked a lot the examples themes, ie. energy and economics. Videos are very easy to comprehend.
Loved the course. Thought it did not teach every technique needed to complete the assignment, it definitely gave directions how to complete it. The forums were very useful to submit assignments. The assignments were quite challenging and interesting. It taught me ways to manipulate data. I started looking data in a different sense now and understand how much information we can mine from a boring looking data. I believe I will be able to apply the knowledge in my job. Thanks much
It was my first online course and I liked the content of this course. It was really easy to grasp the concept of series, dataframes, and their methods and attributes. After completing the course, I have got an idea of how the data is manipulated and organised in order to meet certain requirements. The only thing I do not like about the course is that it does not offer a sufficient number of practice problems related to the topics taught. Otherwise, it was a great experience.
Tough without some prior knowledge of data science in python. It will take you a lot of on your own research, debugging, and looking up techniques, which is fine, but I feel not a great "intro" course. I need a better foundational understanding of pandas and numpy and still barely know why I did what I did, just that the syntax I managed to find works. Both numpy and pandas are quite powerful and its easy to see their usefulness, but I would call this an intermediate course.
A very interesting and useful course for those who want to learn how to clean data in Python.I loved the opportunity to work directly on the notebook as I was listening to lectures.I think that more emphasis should have been put in the pros and cons why and how of using the pandas lib. functions  in order to accomplish tasks.Assignments were very instructive and well explained by staff in the Discussion ForumMany thanks to the staff and to U. of Michigan for the course.
The course is really based on a hands-on approach and the instructor expects you to navigate though different sources (books, stackoverflow etc) to deepen your knowledge throughout the program. Maybe video contents could be more detailed and focus should be a little less on self-study. Assignments can be quite tough (sometimes too much) but are also helpful in better understanding the subject and how to 'play' with Python programming. Discussion forum very useful.
I found that the videos weren't entirely helpful when tackling the assignments. I had to outsource most, if not all, of my inquiries to external sources (read: stack overflow). Even simple things such as advanced indexing, such as multi-indexing, was unclear. I understand that not everything can be covered, but I feel that basic things should be. Other than that, I enjoyed using the Jupyter notebook, and thought this was integrated very nicely into the coursework.
It was a good experience. Learned a lot of things and assignments really gets your brain to work and explore. But, sometimes, a bit more of explanation would have helped for assignments. Like, for me personally, understanding 'for' and 'if' loop was difficult to get as it was used almost everywhere. For, that i had to see other videos and learn from somewhere else. It will be helpful, if more questions to practice will be given before directly giving assignments.
Introduction to Data Science in Python is good starter course helped me to introduce to lot of concepts needed for basic retrieval, cleaning and manipulating. But I thought teaching can be little more expanded to give more detailed information. Assignments were good, but some are little complicated for the starter. I appreciate Staffing team in helping to us in all possible ways with approach and expected behaviors, validation scripts etc.  Thanks to all Staff.
i like the course quite a lot. It is very systemetic and well designed. However, personally i think week four is relatively insufficient. Maybe the explanation of mathematics could be less ( coz those are quite basic math at University) and add more test type and examples. Besides, as for the assignment, I think for some quesitons, the explaination is not clear enough, like in assignment 4 last question,  "between start and bottom" includes start point or not?
Quite a fast-paced course, with very quick and packed lectures. Would have preferred the course to be slightly longer e.g. 6 weeks and covering more content. I actually found the style of the coursework to be a plus - though it involved a lot of Googling, this is more reflective of real life, where answers aren't just handed to you on a plate. However, the instructions for the assignments aren't very clear in places, which can easily cause you to become stuck.
This course is worth due to its challenging assignments. If you are taking this with no previous knowledge of data science, you will be expected to make a lot of complementary research.There is definitely room for improvement in the video lectures - the contents are somewhat limited when compared to the difficulty and what is asked on the assignments. The lecture could and should present more examples/problems and how to solve them in the most efficient way.
Nice course to learn data science. I learn a lot of new thing about data science, different python packages used for DS. I felt like week 3 and week 4 assignment were a bit difficult and video lectures should have been in more details and assignments should be more related to the video lectures.One should have coding background in python in order to complete the course assignments without too much difficulty.Anyway I'm glad I took and completed this course.
Feels great, I am introduces to the Data Science in Python. But this was too much of crash course. It needed a lot of homework outside this course - Youtube, Python docs, stackoverflow and some blogs. That work should have been added as part of the course. And those statistics almost went over my head. As I have no foundation in statistics, I may not choose for the next level of course - seeing the difficulty of the statistics it has introduces so far.
This course was illuminating and rich in information. However, I noticed a huge gap between the content covered in lecture videos and the knowledge level needed to complete the assignments, which made the assignments way harder than expected. This might be intentional, in order to prompt students to explore the full functionality of python and take advantage of online documentation. Overall, this was a good course to really get my feet wet with python.
This is a great course for those with some Python background, as the professor clearly states at the first lecture. This was not my case but since we were a team of friends we could solve all the homeworks. If you have not taken an introductory course in Python, neither you have a group of friends to work with, then I suggest you not to take this course. Otherwise, It is a great opportunity to explore advanced Python data analysis techniques.
Overall I thought this course was good quality.   The videos and lecture material were informative.   My only constructive suggestion is that that code is shown too briefly and moves on to new functions too quickly to absorb.    The instructor participation in the forum was essential for being able to complete the assignments.   But overall I thought this was effective in getting me to learn some Python independently and I would recommend it.
This is a pretty good course to start immersion in data science. Lectures are very compact and without extra water. Links to books and additional resources are provided. You can get support from teachers in the comments on lectures and assignments.At the same time, the course requires updating in accordance with the latest version of pandas. During the course, I was faced with the need to rewrite my code to satisfy the old version of pandas.
Tough course for a "Introduction to..." course title. Good support resources saved the day. Learnt from doing the assignments and following the tips from the teaching staff. Very practical assignments. Gave a flavor of what data science work involves. Challenging and engaging. The course videos are very well produced. Prof. Brooks is motivating and energizing. The course also gave a human dimension to the work of data science.  Thank you.
I enjoyed the course, overall. The assignments were challenging and required some help via stack overflow, but they were do-able and not impossible. The notebooks are great for experimenting and self-learning, but the lectures didn't go into enough depth, for my liking. In addition, the speed of the lectures was too fast on many occasions. I'd recommend having some programming background and/or familiarity with Python before taking this.
The course has indeed taken place over much of what can be considered introductory in data science. However, there is nothing introductory about python, which may bother a more novice student, and the second week of the curos is much more challenging than the others. I believe it is possible to build this same course in 5 weeks to teach more about python and reduce the difficulty of the second week without compromising depth and quality.
This course is difficult. It stresses a lot of core skills in pandas and python. I wish there was more instructor support for the times that code just doesn't seem to match up with the grader's expectations. There is still a question in the course that I am relatively positive I answered correctly yet did not receive credit. Overall, the format is incredibly well done and the use of Jupyter notebooks makes the tasks very approachable.
I learned in this course that pandas is a way deeper rabbit hole than it appears on the surface.  However rather than teaching me pandas this course mostly just helped me verify that I was learning pandas.  The questions in this class need more scaffolding.  I ended up skipping most of the in-video questions because I felt that the work I was investing in getting them correct was not teaching me much.  More scaffolding could fix this.
As compared to some other machine learning/data science courses offered "Introduction to Data Science in Python" was very pragmatic. Starting out with simple data cleaning and data structuring may not be the most exciting thing ever, but it was extremely useful to learn the basic tools needed to be a competent data scientist. One point of warning - the homework and projects took me about twice a long as suggested by the course notes.
Introduction to Data Science in Python is a challenging and rewarding Course, the instructor explanations are excellent, and the recommendations in relation to best practices utilizing Python, Pandas  and Numpy are super valuable, the assignments are super challenging in particular because of the auto-grader and the substantial amount of pre-processing of data required for the assignments so book extra time to complete this Course.
Lectures clear and well-organized. Homework needlessly complicated and with large gap from lecture material. Grader did not give enough info when rejecting submitted work. Weighting last problem at 50% of final week was unpleasant. Hosted platform allowed importing re and io.StringIO, but grader rejected them. Hosted platform had consistent kernel failure on my last solution, but it worked on another system and grader accepted it.
The course was challenging and the assignments well thought of. While I appreciate that a lot of learning was left to be done on stackoverflow with the intent of making us self reliant, a lot of us are already used to those forums and gathered around this course so information would be available in a centralized manner and time spent searching online could be minimized. I think the course designers totally did not get that point.
I learned a lot about data handling and manipulation in python, pandas and NumPy. But I feel the course instruction was too fast to follow up, even to a python coder like me. The course expected one to learn a great deal of part from your own rather than relying on the video lectures. The assignments and quizzes were very challenging, pushing you towards your best.  To conclude I think the instruction couldhave been much better.
Before Machine Learning comes a lot of Human Action. This Data Science course provides a solid basis for understanding and learning the inner works of manipulating very large datasets in Python. Besides the technical aspects I was pleasantly surprised to read and think about the ethical sides as well. I would rate this course 5-star if some exercices were better phrased or if more examples to make some exercises more manageable.
A nice course to kick start Data Science. Doing the assignments will improve the learning and will boost the confidence about the topic. Tutor, TAs and discussion forums are very helpful, so, consult them if you get stuck somewhere. Coursera platform was flawless, course structure was good. But I expected more content would be covered in the course. So, overall it is good course to get an insight into the world of Data Science.
After having taken several Data Science-related courses, this course seems like a good introduction to Python for Data Science applications. Not much 'actual Data Science' is covered in the course, however. It's more practically-oriented in the sense that it deals with data preparation (loading, cleaning and merging data). You don't get the luxury of the common perfectly-prepared csv-files in this course, which is a good thing!
Overall this was a great class. The programming assignments were the most valuable part of the course for me and were good practice for wrangling data with pandas. I did find some of the assignments asked questions in a way that were confusing and it was difficult to debug the answer based on the automatic grader. However, I'm looking forward to when the rest of the specialization is available, as this looks like a good track!
Even though I am already a heavy user of Pandas in my daily work, this course forced me to learn several useful features that I had never knew about or bothered to learn. The exercises were challenging enough that it took a decent amount of time and effort to complete them. There were many technical challenges with the autograder and the coursera hosted notebooks that made this more of a challenge than it should have been.
A great starting point for venturing into Data Science, for students/engineers who have some programming background. In my case I had the basics of Python covered , so it wasn't too hard to catch up.However, for enthusiasts with very limited programming experience.... Beware !!! It will appear to be too fast. My final conclusion .... spend 3-4 weeks to learn Python fundamentals and then enroll .... its very enlightening.
The lectures seem to be giving the bare minimum description of functions and stuff that makes it hard to understand the intuition behind the syntax and working of, say, a line of code that a given lecture tries to teach explaining how it helps serve a purpose. This, in turn, makes it hard to remember the syntax of functions.  The assignments are very useful but take a long time since I barely learn from these lectures.
I really liked this course. It gives a good overview of the pandas library and some associated topics. For me, it aligned very nicely with my personal interests. I would have liked some more advanced topics as well, but I understand that this is an introductory course, so it is not in its scope. The integrated Jupyter notebook feature of Coursera is very neat - both for reviewing code from lectures and for assignments.
Pretty good course. I have definitely learned a lot and would like to thank you the lecturer and all the people who were working to create this course. The only comment I have is following. Please, try to formulate the questions more clear in the homework assignments. The assignment # 4 is especially bad in this sense. You can look at the comments of people in the forum to understand that it is not just my own problem.
Good introduction to pandas/numpy. Requires some programming knowledge. Overall I would have liked more guidance during the videos or through course materials, assignments require a lot of self learning (mostly searching through pandas documentation and stack overflow). However the discussion forums are helpful and the assignments are very well designed to guide the student through learning the basics of data science.
The biggest reason for taking the course is it pulls together a few interesting datasets and has a data manipulation project based on the dataset.The course also pulls together some interesting papers on ethical issues that could confront data scientists, traps data scientists fall into (p-hacking).However, the material on dataframes covered is too sparse. User should learn dataframes from a pandas book / web sources.
The value in this course comes primarily from the assignments but the instructions tied to these assignments fell a bit short.  It would be immensely helpful to have a short FAQ explaining how to set up your environment (i.e. which packages and versions to use) along with test files to verify assignment outputs. Digging through the discussion forum is sufficient but the ambiguity does lead to unnecessary frustration.
IMHO I had to do too much self learning besides this course. I didn't come here to listen to instructions that I should browse stackoverflow and documentation papers -- I am doing that without this course as well. On the other hand it was very clearly undersandable and well said whichever was said during videos. Moreover examples were from real world, which made me work out practices that will come handy later on.
I very much enjoyed this Data Science course! However, I feel like there needs to be a more interactive environment between the platform and the student. I saw the mini quizzes in the videos a step in the right direction.Also, I feel like if there were more videos, uses of functions, and providing multiple cases of real data science problems would be excellent.Thank you for all who helped in making this course!
The auto grader could use some work, and it should be a bit more clear to users that this isnt't a magic bullet into data science. It requires alot of work and preferably quite a bit of experience with python.But as a intermediate course with intro to data science I think its great and really reccomend it to people who have dabbled with data science before but never had a good roadmap to actually learning it.
Positives: I really enjoyed the course and the exercises were a bit tough but helped me learn a LOT of useful information. It is a good course. I will highly recommend this.Negatives: Some sections are rushed and is not much help. And the software version used in the course is outdated and hence we had to change the code multiple times as the syntaxes are not accepted in the auto grader. This is a shame.
Although is a very nice course, it would be nice to start on easier programming basics. There are specific things that one's gotta' be inspired to be able to think on. Maybe adding a week before week 1, to introduce on certain syntax and intuition so we can put on practice what we learnt on the kernels since the content of week 1.It was so delightful and challenging, that I want even more. Thank you.
The rating 4/5 is for the assignments complexity . It requires the learner to work through the logic in pandas and self learn through the errors . This is the new way to learn w/o any spoon feeding . I reduced the rating to 4 and not 5 , beacuse I feel more content could have been given taught by the professors or leave a good piece of advice to the learners. 5/5 for Forum support by teaching staff.
For someone knows basic python only some of the things are explained really fast. However, you can catch up during the assignments. A lot of time for the assignments spend on finding possible solution on the forums. From one point of view it is good - so you can find you own style. Form another, if you work full time and have busy schedule - it will take much longer to finish all the assignments.
The course projects rely on material not yet presented and the automated grading system is very sensitive. I struggled with the assignments because when I had a problem it was difficult to pinpoint the source. Some of the blame is on myself for not using the discussion forums sooner, but this is not my first coursera specialization in data science / programming and I can honestly say I struggled.
course material good, mentors very very helpful and active , as mentioned in one of the posts the expected output of an answer in pictorial form can help students a lot , and the assignments were a little on the tough side , even being from a programming background i had to put a lot of effort to figure out silly mistakes and complete this first course but a nice experience , keep it up coursera.
The course is good and provide great challenges to do a lot of things with Python and Pandas. However, I find that its resource material sometimes lacking complex examples. This may be intentional in order for the students to learn from external resources as well. However, this can also causes difficulties for people who are not already familiar with Pandas before they start following the course.
The course is a good introduction or overview of the use of Pandas, it's pretty concise so you def need a lot of self-learning beyond the short videos to be proficient with Pandas or complete the assignments easily. I spent more time than expected on the assignments because I'm totally new to Pandas. But the materials are overall pretty good and useful, giving you a guidance of learning Pandas.
This course was very helpful as it gives great experience working with real world data, rather than clean and prepared datasets. However, I can imagine this course would be challenging for someone without a lot of experience. I think the course could also have been a lot better if there was a way to see what about out assignments were wrong or see the actual answer when the question was wrong.
Week 4 lectures could have focused slightly more on hypothesis testing, perhaps delving a bit deeper into the thought process and methodology of coming up with hypotheses, designing an experiment to prove it, executing it, summarising and interpreting the results, etc. Since this is major part of programming assignment in week 4, this could have made the lectures more interesting and relevant.
The course content was great. But I felt the course duration was very small as I was able to finish the course in two days. Prof. Brooks explained each and every concept in a very easy, understandable and lucid manner. In my opinion, this is a very beginner friendly course but the assignments will definitely be a bit challenging for people are intermediate and advanced in python programming.
The assignments were far difficult from what was taught in the course. Significant amount of searching the web had to be done for finding syntax. It will be helpful if a helping hand is given in the form of most probable syntax that can be used in the form of pdf along with assignments. The syntax in the assignment were far more sophisticated than those taught as part of the video. Thanks.
Very good class - but it does require quite a bit of outside study - reading up on stackoverflow.   But after this class, the student will be able to have a very hand set of tools/skills to tackle datascience projects.  BTW, python with the interactive notebook is very popular in actual datascience projects in the commercial sphere, so this class can be leveraged directly in the real world
This course was much harder than anticipated given it was also my first introduction to Python. Knowing Python coming into this course will make it a lot more manageable. Overall it's an excellent course which touches upon a LOT of items. Given more time on each item, this course could span 10 weeks easily. I now have an understanding of Python basics along with Pandas and a dash of numpy.
The course was great. It provided the learners to search for various concepts on their own which really added the knowledge gained through videos. I feel that best method to approach a solution should be provided after completing each assignment because there was time  when I used long approach to get answer whereas it could have been done in a short way too. Overall, the course was nice.
This course is definitely not for beginners. I have a lot of experience working with data in other programming languages and found the assignments very challenging. Lectures are very short and do not really teach you the material - you mostly learn from doing the assignments, which are well thought out and mimic the types of projects that would be done in a professional/academic setting.
In the end I got what I needed from the course but  it was more through assignments than the video lectures which go through concepts very quickly. The assignments are good / challenging and require you to spend good amount of time on google and stack overflow but you end up learning a decent amount solving them. The auto grader can be frustrating at times but the discussion forums help
Excellent Course for beginners to start learning pandas and get a pretty good hands on experience in it. The course's assignments are really competitive for me who knew little python (not pandas) before undertaking this course. There is a slight sudden change of concept in week 4 that requires a lot of self learning if (like me) you have little knowledge of data analytics or statistics.
This is an amazing course, I got to work on the real life problems which was complex indeed. Completing every assignment was not easy, passed them after several attempts. I would say one downside is that I had to spend a lot of time googling and on stack overflow. just to give a feel, an assignment tagged 4 hrs takes nearly 20 hrs to complete. Its a great course, be ready to sweat out !
This is a good course if you have had some experience with the Pandas module in Python prior to taking the course. Pandas is a very powerful module but it has a fairly significant learning curve. There are all sorts of free Pandas tutorials available on the web. I highly recommend familiarizing yourself with the basics of Pandas prior to taking this course or you will probably struggle.
The course is designed in a good manner. I would prefer slightly more material in the videos. The exercises are good, they definitely took more time than assigned.  A few times question in the assignment is not very clear (that need a bit of work). I definitely learn many new techniques by listening to the videos, changing the class room notebook and last but not the least assignment.
Nice introduction to using Python, but lecture vignettes moved a bit too quickly. Assignments required far more than what was presented in lecture. If not for a particularly heroic mentor, assignments might not have been doable for some like me. On the whole, though, I am grateful for the course and that, at the time I took it, all materials and assignments were available to auditors.
The course contents are well structured but the video lectures are not enough to master the assignments. More detailed explanations could have been included, since its really difficult for a person who is new to PANDAS. The assignments were challenging. Feed back for the assignments submitted were not found so useful. Although, the course contents provide enough space for learning.
For me, this was a difficult course in which I learned a lot. I did not find the materials (videos etc.) provided in the course so helpful, but the assignments you get for your own programming are very close to real world problems and will give you real experience. So you will need some other material to learn, I recommend the book "Python Data Science Handbook" by Jake VanderPlas.
Unlike other courses the lectures are packed with new concepts so much that you can't miss even a minute to understand it. The assignments are fairly challenging. The only part frustrating was working with the grader. Often it won't work and you are left wondering what went wrong without a great explanation. Overall great first course in the series. Looking forward to the next one.
It was a challenging course as a lot of things in the assignments you have to learn yourself. But it was the right way to do as during the work often times one will get stuck on something without any step-by-step directions on how to solve certain issues. The only thing I didn't like about the course is a bit unclear questions in the assignments which took some time to figure out.
Overall, I liked the course but there were some flaws (not too big ones but still worth mentioning) - The way things were explained seemed more like just giving information about something rather than explaining it well (of course at times!). Exercises were really very good as they promoted individual learning more than just depending on what was taught. Recommended for beginners/
This course was tough but I learnt a lot.  I really wish that they posted the answers for how the lecturers would approach the questions (even if it was only after you passed the quiz.  I walk away from these quizzes not always sure if I made a bad plan that works or if my solutions is good/elegant.  This would be very useful especially for us who are early in our coding careers.
I really enjoyed this course, but i am so glad I came prepared and had completed other Data Science tracks on other online sites (Codecademy, Dataquest, DataCamp, etc). I had to put all the skills learned elsewhere to good use in this course. The course was challenging--which is why I wanted to take it! I feel like I had to problem-solve, code, and work with data at a high level.
The material is great, but a tad quick-paced. A little more detail into some sections could be helpful. My biggest grievance with it is that the notebooks and autograder use an extremely outdated version of Pandas and NumPy, which leads to a lot of the official documentation being unhelpful. You can fix the problem within the notebooks but the issue persists with the autograder.
This course has greatly helped my understanding of not only some python, but pandas as well. My only suggestion to anyone that wants to take this course is to make sure to allocate as much time as possible to it. They give estimates as to how long it should take you to complete a week's worth of material, but this can vary highly from person to person. Overall, I enjoyed!
Despite having some basic python and pandas skills, I have learned a lot with course.  The assignments are challenging and you need to do a lot of self-study, but I find that it is a good way to learn.  The only reasons I am not giving a five-star rating is that some of the questions in the assignments (especially week 4) are very unclear, and can definitely be improved.
The knowledge offered in this course is very useful and to the point. However, I found it quite fast , as the students enrolled in this course has no idea of data science so it is quite difficult for us to understand the material at such a pace. Apart from this , the quality of the material was excellent and helpful.Looking forward to enroll myself in other courses too.
I think Hypothesis testing was not given a lot of time and was barely skimmed through. Another problem was the auto grader itself which was quite painful to work with. I think Coursera should have the latest version of packages on their server as without that there were always inconsistencies with the way my offline python responded vs how the online server responded.
Excellent Intro course.  Videos are short and to the point.  Does require you to have familiarity with Python and to research on your own to complete the assignments.  In that regard, it may be different from other online courses, but I did find the process helpful in gaining a better handle on Pandas data handling.  Additional readings are also relevant and helpful.
For a beginner I found this course quite fast paced. One must have a good understanding of pandas and numpy functionality for doing the assignments. The difficulty level of assignments is relatively high to the amount of content being covered in the course itself. I feel more videos should be added to  understand the concepts upto the depth of questions being asked.
Assignments are really tough which will make you do a lot of research and self learning to come up with the desired answers. The pace of the lectures is too quick and hence the depth is lost at times. Will have to do additional research to understand the concepts clearly . Overall, a good course to understand the introductory concepts to the world of Data Science
Value of the course is mostly about personal research and work to complete weekly assignments (whose allocated time is vastly under-estimated). There are some useful examples in the videos but the course would benefit from developing a more explanatory teaching framework to understand and navigate Python. TAs were awesome to support and coach during assignments.
The class material was very good and the assignment improved the understanding.The only negative is the graders for some of the assignment do not always provide useful feedback. Thankfully posts from Stephanie Greene (a TA) in the discussion Forum provided helpful automated testers that often provided useful clues on the specific answers the grader was expecting
I found the assignments a bit challenging since I was a newcomer to the concept of exploratory data analysis. I would like the background of the lectures to be taken off and get them replaced with a white one in order to avoid any possible distractions. This was one thing I observed with my focus span after having taken multiple courses on Coursera. Thank you.
I really like this approach of the specialization. Data wrangling with pandas is essential. Also referencing some controversial discussions reagarding the limits and problems we are facing as data scientists is appreciated.However one star less as as there is no feedback on the submissions. So I really don't know what was good and how can I improve my codings.
Great course for data preparation for ML which is sometimes neglected in other courses. Great instructor. Useful assignments. Assignments require research on your own which is good. I would recommend to maybe make the course longer and cover more topics (in-depth string processing etc.), because it felt a bit short. Thanks Dr. Brooks for putting this together.
Excellent introduction to the subject with comprehensive example code and solid assignments. I personally avoided most of the optional writing prompts as the anonymous feedback received from other students on the first such assignment was not constructive. I would recommend the optional readings and outside information though, it is quite thought provoking.
Some topics are very difficult since many of the concepts are outside of what was thought in the lectures so one has to do a lot of research outside of the website. This takes up a lot of time and is way more than the estimated time for each part of the course. I did find excellent help available on the forum. Overall, a very challenging yet fun course.
This was a good course in the sense that I learned a lot. I would have expected more detailed explanations from the  teacher, because I did not know anything about Pandas. But at the same time, that forced me to research in order to be able to make the assignments. I don´t know if the fast covering of the subjects by the teacher has that in mind or not
Learnt a lot. However, I would credit the helpful answers in the discussion forums behind that. The course material was simple and basic. But not enough to support solving the assessment exercises.For someone, who had no background to Python/Pandas I had to spend a LOT more time than what I estimated I would be spending at the beginning of the course.
Learned a lot in the course, Prof. Brooks is awesome.  Last assignment was difficult due to lack of clarification. Task description was different from description of the objective of the run_ttest() function. in the former, it says quarter_before_price to recession_bottom_price, in the latter it says recession_start_price to recession_bottom_price.
Great course. Just needs a little time to get used to the pace, specially when they explain you examples and start typing the code. I had to slow down the "playback speed" and also try each step on the Notebook side by side. Not to discredit the course in any way. Just that it was my first attempt at such a course after 30 years. I am a bit rusty.
The video instruction and content is excellent.  My one complaint is that there is enough ambiguity to the assignments to where you must read the forums if you want to pass.  I would like to see some refinement in the assignment descriptions.  Otherwise the assignments are great for getting the experience you are looking for in a class like this.
It is an interesting course. I would say this course expects more from students than other courses. It does not take you by the hand in working with Pandas. For the assignments you will spend a lot of time in the Pandas documentation and Stack Overflow. I don't know about others, but this lead to my code being very clunky and not Pandorable code.
Thank you for the intriguing course. Please revise the description of the run_ttest() of the assignement four. In the header of the assignemnt, the ratio is defined as (price_ratio=quarter_before_recession/recession_bottom). However, in the body of the run_ttest() , it is described as (price_ratio=quarter that recession starts/recession_bottom).
While the course lecture material might be thought to be just Intro and i expected more on the lecture part. The assignments are really of good standard and really make you do the homework and research on your own to complete. so at the end of the course you do feel more comfortable and confident on the skills gained albeit at the beginner level
Overall, the course provide good background information on using python numpy and pandas. The assignment were helpful in applying the course knowledge. Unfortunately, some of the assignment instructions were vague which made completing the assignment harder. Had to consult the discussion forums for help on completing several of the assignments.
This course will not be my most favorite course but it has a knack for making the students work hard to get to the longed point. i had to do a lot of  study outside of it and it paid off. I lacked total guidance on python before starting the course too. And I kinda hit two pots at once. This course will teach you more than they have promised.
Challenging course with little hand-holding and some independent learning is expected. Marking for assignments was needlessly stringent (e.g. numpy float vs python float) and expectations of answers was not very clearly outlined. Had to trawl through the forums. Nonetheless, very good exposure to pandas for someone just getting into python.
The lecture content is rather short and you have to search a lot on your own. I like the assignments at the end of each week, completing them helped me to understand what I am learning. Good introduction to frameworks, pandas and in general analyzing data in Python. It's quite a lot of work but when you finish, you can be really satisfied.
The course is a must-do for a person new to Python, however it ramps up very quickly. I had done another python course before doing this, which helped me do this one. The assignments were challenging in my perspective; however cracking the exercises gives one lot of confidence. Forum discussions helped me a lot to complete the assignments
This is a very impressive course for someone who wants to get an intro to data operation in Python. The assignments are very well laid out. The automatic grader gives good insights of what may have gone wrong. One thing though- there could have been more concentration (especially in the assignments) on grouping and slicing the datasets.
Spent more time figuring out what was being asked in the assignment rather than solving the assignment. Typos in assignment questions led to wasted hours without understanding why the grader kept rejecting solutions. Course content was useful and I would recommend if you are willing to live through the pain of the assignment submission.
I'm very new to python and the course has been pretty helpful. The format of having the notebook to walk through the course is also helpful. The course's assignments are pretty good too - but could be improved. Some of the instructions are vague/conflicting and I had to spend a lot of time figuring out / confirming the question intent.
First, I would like to say thank you. I learned a lot about pandas/numpy via practising in the assignments.The assignment content is very good. But the guide and program checker are so poor (as other students mentioned in their reviews). I wouldn't pass the the assignment if I didn't read a lot of tricks/explanations from the forum.
Solid course. Still very challenging without more pointers on basic syntax. There are a few inconsistencies in python that makes debugging challenging - and I don't know what to do about that. Otherwise, the course achieved the goals.One thing that would help would be more testing on basic knowledge of how to access panda dataframes
frankly, it takes a lot of searching information on one's own, outside of this course.I raked my brains for the most of Saturday and Sunday and finished two last assigments although I still don't feel strong in pandas, neither there is much material left here for me to come back and review something step by step in a systematic way.
Got to learn new concepts of pandas and numpy libraries. The course is very informative, and provides a good amount of basic knowledge, through which one can proceed in the field of data science. Things I didn't understand well, were the ttest_ind library and the matplot library. The lectures should be improved on these concepts.
Videos could include more information. Instructions in assignment 4 were not sufficient. Had a lot of difficulties in assignment 4 as I could not understand the requirements in question correctly. Questions could have been more detailed and stepwise.Links to some datafiles have problems. Could not easily download some datasets.
Great course for a Python beginner or someone who just wants a refresher! The video lectures were pointed but not too in depth, allowing the learner to explore a bit within the assignments to get even more information from the interwebs, which is what just about every programmer does anyway when they forget syntax or something.
Interesting course, learn new approaches in using Pandas libraries. One remark, the evaluation of the assignments takes too long, for the last assignment all the answer took 2 minutes to run on my personal laptop while it took 15 minutes when submitting it. I spent a lot of time just waiting for the assignment to be evaluated.
Very interesting subject and data science skills are definitely currently in demand.  The only thing that bugged me was that the grader didn't give much feedback on anything you did wrong.  On the flip side the mentors did a GREAT job (kudos to you guys).  The discussion forums were vital and they were really well moderated.
content is good, and exercise is very relevant for learning. only problem is the exercise is very hard and cannot be finished only with content covered in the lecture, you need to do extensive self learning and take a lot of time outside the classroom. for those without python experience before it is a steep learning curve.
I found the material of the class very useful for someone that has no experience using Python in data science topics.  However, I feel some topics are given too fast.   I also found some issues with the autograder that do not have any implication with the goals of the class but that are important in order to get the grade.
The class is interesting, but I don't feel like the lectures were good preparation for the assignments. I understand that it takes some reading or study beyond the lectures, but there weren't any other materials provided. The Pandas documentation is big and it's not helpful to just go read through all of the docs blindly.
course is very good to learn the python basic pandas, numpy libraries. I would prefer to have a reference book associated to the course so we reference to it, it will be great for future while coming back and read what we learned. The grading system consumed most of my time to make sure to have my answer graded correctly.
It's a great course and during the process I learned a lot about python pandas applied to data processing. The only downside I see is that the lectures does not prepare you well enough for the homework at the end of each week. I had to spend tons of time googling about pandas in order to finish the homework each week.
The auto-grader is sometimes frustrating. I know the course staff is providing the code to let learners to find the errors, but it's in the forum and I only know it after several rounds of frustrations. Please mark those checking codes in the question too! It helps provide a happy learning experience to every learner!
Course is well structured. Most of the concepts are given quite quickly in the video lessons which is good since each learn is free to decide whether she/he wants to do further research in a specific content. Assignments are quite difficult and consume more time then estimated, but you actually get to learn the thing.
this is my first course in Cousera, and i am a novice in Python. I think this course is really impressive. I learned how to use Python to process data quickly. I really recommend this course if you are interested in Python and Data Science. I decide to learn the machine learning course next, I love doc.Christopher!
I like this course very much. I would rename the topic like data manipulation using python. It is definitely not just an introduction program to Data science. The questions are very challenging especially from week 3. But, I am very confident on taking any problems for data science to manipulate it successfully.
The assignments were really interesting and challenging. But the lectures could have explained the syntax a bit more clearer. I was forced to look at the documentation for every single line of code during the lecture. The pace should be reduced. Otherwise its really a good course and you can really learn a lot.
Great course. Well explained, and the assignments challenge and push you to explore by yourself. Sometimes however the system that reviews your assignment  can be frustrating as it expects the output of your answers in a particular format/way. I guess but that forces you to modify your code in that manner to.
Content was generally well covered.  One improvement could have been slightly better examples of how there are multiple different ways to solve the same problems; the instructor would often allude to this but would just advise the student to read through the pandas docs, which could be non-intuitive at times.
I learned a lot, but the assignments really could have been explain better. It was not clear to me what type of format/output I should give at multiple times. What I did was keep submitting while adjusting the output until it was right. A hypothetical screenshot showing what the result looks like would help.
Good course; a great intro to relevant concepts with guidance towards realistic tasks.  Only negative is that sometimes problems are unclear (maybe its just me) and spent too much time trying to get outputs exactly right to pass auto-grader.  Good experience, and I plan on continuing with the specialization.
I liked assignments they actually helped me to learn.Also book - Python for Data Analysis , 2nd Edition - Wes McKinney was great learning. I would just like to add in that if the videos can have better course material for Week3 and Week4 as assignments were bit higher level than what was included in videos.
This course was nicely curated. I learned  about the Python lambda functions,dates ant time,objects and map() in week 1.In week 2 and 3 I learned about pandas.In week 4 I learned about the distribution and Hypothesis testing in Python.In video quizzes cleared the doubts regarding fundamentals of the topic.
One of the best courses along with a highly capable instructor. Very helpful teaching stuff and discussion forums. However, an assignment asked for the mean of a value but produced wrong answer for mean and showed right answer for sum. This needs to be reviewed. Also, many assignments need better clarity.
very good introductory course though with a steep outside the lectures learning curve. good for you as that is how much of learning takes place, not only through some one pointing the way but having a destination (hw, assignments etc) and finding your way to that goal along with others (discussion forums)
Good class and the topics covered are great.  Challenging and useful.  The lectures are a little light on detailed information and some text or deeper/more detailed lectures would make this perfect.  You will spend a lot of time looking for things to support what you learn to really get an understanding.
Videos are great and easy to learn.  Forums are great and  help with guidance.  Improvements would be: better ways to debug your code and more importantly your results.  Your code may get results but its not clear what is incorrect on them.  Overall UofM produces some of the best work.  Great professors!
I commend the quality of the course and am very thankful to the instructors for developing the contents of the course.My only suggestion would be to align the lectures better to suit the level of the assignments so that people who don't have a strong programming background can keep up with the course.
The course was brilliant. It tried to cover a lot of aspects in a short span. The only thing that was not good was lack of explanation of the datasets & tasks provided in the assignment. Clarity in the expected output was not there as a result of which correct assignment submission became difficult.
The course poses itself as a good brief introduction to make you more comfortable at approaching data science project. Recommended time would be 1-2 weeks. However, point deduced for the hassle with auto grader! I also hope that the project could involve people Skyping or collaborating in some way!
Not for beginners. Level of difficulty increase very fast.You need to dig external reference sites and use discussion forums  in order to figure out some assignments requirements.Overall quality is very good.Should have some better tips and validation scripts in order to help debugging assignments.
This was an informative and challenging course. I definitely learnt a lot, and would recommend anyone with some previous pandas and numpy experience to take it! The only downside for me was understanding the question, I spent more time trying to understand what I had to do than actually doing it.
Please make the lecture materials more thorough. The assignments are very difficult and most of the time require learning from other sources rather than this course. I have sent more than 8 hours per assignment since I had to learn a lot of materials outside this course to answer those questions.
The duration of videos is very small compared to the time needs to be spent to solve the assignments. There is a huge gap between what is taught and what is asked.Being a working professional with limited amount of time difficult assignments tends to reduce motivation to continue with the course.
The assignments are not well-prepared, TAs did really really good job though on clarifying vague concepts in discussion group. I expected to read assignments and complete them without digging discussion forums.All in all it was a good class to learn new materials, but it is challenging though.
I really enjoyed this course, and gained a tremendous amount of knowledge about how to use python for data science (specifically how to work with pandas).  I feel like there was a lot of advanced material, which is good, but makes the course quite challenging for an introductory level course.
Quite challenging if you don't have alittle background in Python. Assignment is hard and time-consuming. The issue is the grader is old and sometimes I had to be forced to change my code for the grader to work. A lot of reseach and google if one wants to understand the logic behind the code.
It's difficult as an intro to this science, I suffered so much to understand the codes and It forced me to take a small course about the libraries like Numpy and Pandas, I wish if this course more simply than it's.At all, Thank you so much for your effort, I wish all of you the best forever.
Assignments and project were good and give you enough opportunities to self-learn a lot of data processing and cleaning tools. However the course video content does not really teach you much or in places, can leave you confused. Be prepared to spend a lot of time going through stackexchange.
It was a great experience ! When I started this course I was not familiar with any of the terms used in data science but during the course of 4 weeks  , I not only learnt new skills but also a got familiar with all the terminologies.It also helped me to improve my coding skills in Python .
Course is designed well and the tutor's response is prompt. (Yusuf thanks for your splendid support throughout the course!). There are some minor issues with the grader software but that can be resolved by checking the forums where students and tutors advise how to prevent autograder bugs.
amazing course great help with the introduction and great explanations.sometimes jupiter grader gave me bad grades for no apparent reason, after i reloaded it was fine, it held me back a while because you are trying to understand if it is the you who got the question wrong or the grader.
I thought it was a good course because I learned a lot, but the assignments were much harder than expected. You have to rely a lot on looking at Stack Overflow and sometimes the functions you needed wouldn't be taught until the "next week". Other than that, I really enjoyed the course.
Very good courses for me. Really understanding data science and how to operating python to clean data. And how to have a hypothesis test for our model. But this course is a little simple for me, and not to include some algorithms for data clean and some knowledges for machine learning.
Good at setting up the framework for the assignments.  Google/stackoverflow is your friend.  The course materials presents the information but you will have to go and actively learn a good amount of material.  I enjoyed this approach but some may be looking for a more contained course.
It is useful, but there are some notable flaws. My biggest problems were with the clarity of the assignment questions (some were unacceptably vague) and the feedback that the autograder gives. Fortunately, fellow classmates on the forums are extremely helpful in figuring this all out.
The homework of the course is very practical. For last assignment make me feel like a real work problem.  The course gave you a quick overview of how these Python library works, but To complete the homework you need be self-reliant and be able to find the pieces you need from google.
This course is absolutely fantastic in understanding data science by applying python programming language. Although it is quite demanding as one must be ready to be fully committed in the learning process as the lecture videos may not be enough to solve the assignments in the course.
Good through introduction to using Pandas. Instruction needs to go into more examples and explanations. I needed to use stackoverflow to get through 60% of the assignments. Few assignment questions are ambiguous and I never found out why my answer is incorrect. Where's the solutions?
The course was really great. Thank you! Sometimes precisely what the questions were asking weren't clear (This may have been resolved by a notebook upgrade but I did not realise this until it was too late) and I did have some issues with the autograder. Otherwise would be five stars.
I think the course is great, a little bit too much learning on your own. The autograder is not really that clear, it would be nice to have an expected output to see if what we are doing is accurate or not, sometimes we dont have the time to wait for the staff to reply back on the DF
Very challenging course yet very informative. I am looking forward to the rest of the courses in this series.  A word of warning: if you are not familiar with statistics, parts will be very difficult.  If you are not familiar with Python the whole course may be very very difficult.
The course is well structured, but the videos are not really easy to use. The camera is on the instructor most of the time rather than the code page.However the Notebooks and the assignments are excellent and you should spend most of the time on those to really learn the material.
The video is simple, but the assignment is hard, I spend a lot time in discuss to understand what it want and external document reading,  how to use pandas or python and hypothesis. in the time pressure.
BTW, I think the value of assignment is 90%, and video is 10% in this class.
the knowledge touch here is really good. however, the speed is a little bit quick. I paused and go back and forth usually. the last introduction of assignment 4 is not clear. I took quite a long time to figure what to use to calculate the price ratio and what to use to run ttest.
This course has given me the confidence to work on data science. The instructor of the course has helped me to earn this course certificate smoothly, the clarity of teaching is way much better than any other instructor that I have gone through and it will help anyone definitely.
For a introduction course it was very nice! I could learn and practice the basics of pandas and now I know how to find solution for dataframe handling. The only reason for don't give 5 starts is because in the last week I missed a better explanation about the inferential test.
I enjoyed the course and learned a lot from it in a short amount of time.  I wish the lectures where a bit longer and went at a slower pace when working through examples.  The problem sets were well thought out but the auto grader was occasionally very frustrating and unclear.
The course is great and learned a lot from the assignment! I just feel some of the content is a little beyond me since it took a lot of time to finish. After finishing the assignment, I feel myself haven't done enough! So if possible, I hope more exercise can be posted here :)
Pretty good content, instructor is clear. Assignments are a little disappointing. The grading system is dated and thus if you're using the latest versions of pandas/numpy expect to get many exceptions (without the specific error message) when submitting assignment solutions.
The course is challenging, and designed to encourage learners to be independent and make full use of the discussion forum. As long as learners do not lose sight of the fact that help is available, they will enjoy this course. But if they lose faith, this would be a disaster.
It' s a really interesting class, well organized and with very many useful tips.Only down side is that the autograder evaluating the excercises is sometimes not perfect and this may be time consuming. Anyway, everything is solved with a very active community and its forums.
The course is well structured with slightly challenging assignments. It also included some literature and other forms of media that provoking discussion about the philosophy and the future of data science. However, the auto-grader is such a pain... and thus, one minus star.
The assignments questions need some polish. And some examples with a small datasets wouldn't hurt before jumping to large amount of data in order to understand some pandas functions. The provided examples are great tho. Overall it's fantastic introduction to Data Science.
A strong introduction to python and pandas. Be aware that the version of pandas used by the grader is slightly outdated, so periodically check your work using the online notebook to make sure that the functions and methods you're calling are compatible with that version.
Very good course. Some of the question seemed a bit diffuse and made answers hard to find, which made the estimated time rather far off, hence only four stars. Other than that I enjoyed the lectures and especially the articels that made me think deeper about some topics.
Contents are very good and assignments are challenging. Perhaps I struggled most trying to understand what the questions actually ask, they should be rephrased or be more clear. But it was a nice course and I would to it again. I am waiting for the next courses to begin.
I would highly recommend this course for beginners  who wants to get into core Data Science field. The course familiarizes participants on how to handle data including wrangling, cleaning and manipulation using pandas and numpy modules. The contents are well organized.
It deserves five stars for assignments (they are pretty difficult - I think it's actually good), but lecture videos are very shallow and you have to learn material on your own, so I would give it at most three stars. Averaging over these two aspects gives four stars :)
The material in the videos can be more elaborate, as a lot is left to self studying for the students in order to complete the assignments. The assignments are challenging, which is good, but the video tutorials don't give you sufficient skills too tackle them head on.
Quite good course, but the principle of noninformative autograder is devateting.. A tipo in one part caused I've been working on the last assignment for hours... It'd be better to include some more information/checkpoints or to split the tasks to several smaller ones.
The course is great but the assignments are a real pain in the $#&@.. You can get the right answer but still spend another hour getting it in the very specific format that the evaluation algorithm wants it in even if it's not mentioned anywhere. Otherwise recommended!
Good course design for mediate level programmer who is interested in Data Science with Python.   Reading materials is lacking references.  All of them off site study you have to do are relied on yourselves.  Without off site study,  you wouldn't complete the course.
Excellent course, I learned a lot especially through the assignments. Missing a fifth star because of a lot of issues with the notebooks autograding, and sometimes imprecise instructions in the assignments. Still I look forward to working on the next pandas courses!
Good course. But the Assignment is very tough. It requires  almost everything which is not covered in course. So its like reading on internet than this course. I would be happy if this course will cover the topics on which the assignmens has question. So we read it
Although I had some background with Python and Pandas, this course brought new insights in both. With practical examples, it reinforces the conceptual understanding about working with data. I highly recommend this course even if you are already familiar with Pandas
It'd be easier to master the course with a trifle more instructions from the lecturers as to what constitutes a particular function, and what do its parameters refer to. Primarily, I did struggle with having to browse the Internet in search for these explications.
It is the most difficult course I have ever taken at Coursera, but it is also the best course I have completed. It's a different level of Python than the one I learn at my university. The only thing that is neccesary to improve is the video examples of the topic.
While I learned a lot, it was mostly self taught. The projects were appropriate but the notebooks and videos were only marginally useful in completing the projects. I consider the course more of a directed study than a traditional classroom learning experience.
A good course for the data preprocessing and getting used to the NumPy and Pandas library in python. An overview in provided in the contents and video lectures but the refrence books are very much helpful to understand the course.Also assignments are very good.
I thought this course was very interesting. The assignments were a little more difficult to complete than I expected. I think a few more smaller assignments that highlighted the skills necessary to complete the final week's assignment would have been helpful.
Excellent material to get you quickly started in data-science with python. The course coverage is less, covers just a few topics. The assignment problems, at the end of each week, are of high quality, but the issue detection can be sometimes be daunting task.
Assignments are very good....the background of video's is distracting and explanation of examples just by talk and  without proper slides is not so good. Please adjust the time it takes to finish the assignments to at least twice the posted approximate time.
The materials are very limited here, most the learning is done from outside materials. While on one side it is good because we have to actively researching, it will be better if they provide a bit more of materials here. But the assignments are really good.
Very helpful for learning data science, but the videos go way too fast and don't cover nearly enough material to do the assignments.  The assignments do force you to learn how to python, but through lots of googling, stack overflow and pandas documentation.
They follow a practical approach and present you only the very relevant material so you do not stuck too much into theory. Note that this is an intermediate-level course and you need some experience, self-learning skills, and some patience to be successful.
The exercises and content was very good but instructions/explanations were not very detailed with most of the concepts left for self study. But overall a great course in terms of getting you started with pandas for effective data analytics on tabular data.
The content and the instruction were great: just the right level for someone like me with experience in other programming languages a decent familiarity with stats.There were a few glitches with the auto-grader for the assignments, but nothing to onerous.
A great intro to pandas. Challenging even for those with experience using the library. There were some struggles with the autogravder, but they were being worked out, and the integration of the Jupyter notebook system directly into the class is fantastic.
While the course was great, the Jupyter notebooks and the background shells gave me several unnecessary errors. While this was a smaller issue, I think the practice Notebooks should be somewhat in line with the assignments. I struggles on Assignment #3.
The course was a unnecessarily hard because of the lack of feedback from the grader, unclear requirements / function definition in the final project and difference in the file downloaded for the project and the one used in the Coursera python notebook.
Good materials and videos, iteresting exercises - the only thing I would improve is the exercises description - not for all of the exerisises it was clear enough for me (especially as I'm not from the US and I'm not familiar with your census data :) )
I learned a lot through the challenging assignments, but the course materials (videos) are not very useful. They only cover the very basics for the assignments, so be prepared to study a lot on your own. Knowing pandas beforehand helps a lot too IMO.
This is an exceptional undertaking by the university of Michigian for benefit of the students in the field of data science and Machine Learning.This is perhaps the only course which focuses on real world application of data science skills to practice
Good explanations, well structured. However, I wish the weekly content would have prepared better for the assignments. If I have to add another 3h per week to find the right advice on stack overflow, that must be stated somewhere so I can plan ahead.
Very good course with a lot of material and challenging assignments. Gave it only 4 stars because in some assignments is more difficult to agree with the autograder than to get the correct answer (e.g., data type mismatch between float and float64).
The content is really not good for novices. But the challenges I faced during assessments, did a lot of help. I can now understand the topics much better and at the least I am able to plan to clean the data and work on it much better than earlier.
The course content is great. However, basic knowledge of python programming language is required. Since I didn't know python coding rules, I really struggled for a while. Maybe, basics of python in additional resources will help a lot of learners.
In my view, It is recommended to study a book on Python data analysis tool-kit panda and numpy.  The course video quality is very good, instructor voice is clear and load. I highly recommended to take this course who wants to be a Data Scientist.
This course would be recommended for anyone who has got good python skills already and want to do data analysis using  python at a quick pace. Overall, It is fun doing the assignments and thinking more in a pandas way rather than in pythonic way.
The projects were extremely helpful to learn various concepts . The videos could have been a little more descriptive to equip us with a little more  knowledge so  as  to tackle the projects with a little ease .apart from that it was really great
Class was good, and the information was presented in a way that was straightforward to understand and apply. I wish the exercise autograder provided more feedback. Sometimes the lack of actionable information made it difficult to solve problems.
The course is a good introduction for data science and helps me learn pandas and numpy. You may not learn how to use these tools only form this online lesson, but you can be aware of what you need to know if you would like to work on this field.
Good, comprehensive course. At the end you are ready to get and clean data and make some simple analysis on your own.  But you need a lot of effort to do programming assignments. Save double amount of time than it is estimated for this course.
This course provides good material.  The assignments could be very difficult because the instructions were not clear.  In real life, you would have a chance to clarify while it is difficult to do so in coursera.  Overall, it is a good course.
The course was great -  the lectures were clear and simple; I learned a great deal! However, instructions for the assessments could have been clearer, and there were a few issues with the autograder (though I'm sure those will be weeded out).
Generally good - with challenging assignments, explanation could be better and grading unit tests more flexible.Some of the content is rushed - but it is comprehensive and you need to have some python programming behind you before you start.
it's a good, but challenging course as Introduction to Data Science. It will require the student to read pandas documentation and/or search for help on Stack Overflow. If you're stuck, there is usually good help on the course forums though.
Nice course but the assignment is too hard for the beginner, and the assignment and the course materials are not match enough. We have to do a lot self-study when doing the homework. But the skills I learnt from the course is really useful.
This course worked better as a guide than it did as a course. I learned very little from the lectures and had to do most of my learning on my own. One of the assignment even explicitly told students they would have to go learn on their own.
Pretty descent course, however it felt like most of the course consisted of the assignments and self-learning rather than instruction.  That's probably ok given the content was more oriented around tools and less around concepts and ideas.
most of this course is really great. but I do think the assignment doesn't match the course very well. To finish the programming assignment, I have to go through a lot of materials and documentations. I hope the teacher could cover more.
Excellent course to get you started with dealing with data. You'll learn a lot about Python, Numpy, and Pandas, and the best part is that you'll get your hands dirty dealing with real-world data and you'll also solve real-world problems
Muy buen curso, sin embargo deberían actualizar la versión de pandas y demás librerías en los libretas y assigments.Very good course, however they should update the version of pandas and other libraries in the notebooks and assigments.
Good contents, but very poor grading system. Had to guess what was expected. For instance, get_list_of_university_towns (week 4 assignment), I set the indexes on both columns, which led to failure. After I removed the index, it passed.
Great introductory course on data science in python.  However, the final projects diverts significantly from the course material, requiring vast amounts of self-study for someone new to Python.  Definitely learned a lot in this course.
This was a good course and quite challenging. It requires a lot of self learning if you are not familiar with pandas. I wish some of the technics that were required to solve the assignments were better explained in the course material.
This python is mostly an introduction to the Python Pandas API. It teaches everything by example, but at very fast pace, and the videos are really just preparations for the assignments, which can easily take more time than specified.
Very good course, analysing very important  Python tools to be able to create data science projects using python, course and videos were a little bit fast for me especially when i trying to understand native speak of the professor.
Great course, especially the assignments were very useful. I only gave 4 stars because some of the assignment questions were not defined precisely as also highlighted in the discussion panel. Would definitely recommend this course!
There should be more information on every function as to where and when it should be used. It was a bit difficult for intermediate level as well and there must be some more information on how to use it for data science. Thank you.
Instructor is very good, course material are enough, but assignments are more difficult than I was expecting. They require a lot of research and dedication. Overall a good class, but take it if you have enough time to complete it.
This course has good content, but I felt the speed was a bit too fast to catch up. Since I had already done a python course, I could understand some terms. But this course would not be for a beginner with no background in python.
The course content is good. Assignments are tougher. Especially the last assignment.  Lecture videos could have been more aligned with assignments. Had to go through a lot of other materials outside the course.Overall satisfying.
Overall course is good and challenging, however I don't like automatically ranking system, most times I need to submit same answer to precise decimal, however might be my code is correct but slight issue and I don't get any grade
Great course to get started on with Data Science. Lectures are simple and to the point, questions are challenging and practical. Adding a little more theoretical background to the subject would bring more strength to the  course.
Really good course with challenging assignments. However, the grader has some issues, for every assignment I had to spend more time trying to figure out how to make the grader accept my answers than actually solving the problems.
Excellent assignments, lectures very fast-paced and didn't cover all the material needed for assignments (which was kinda the point - you learn Python by trying it over and over again not by imitating what you saw in a lecture).
The course was great and I learned a lot. Minus one star, because course required a lot more work than initially expected. Note, though, that this was probably mainly due to me being new to Python (coming from another language).
Great course, requires much self-initiative because not all useful methods for the assignments are covered in the videos. Sometimes Assignment Questions are not described very clearly.All in all I enjoyed the course very much :)
I enjoyed and earned alot of knowledge through this course and I am very happy to earn a certificate. On knowing the teaching method I am interested to do higher in such a prestigious university and hoping to get higher in MIT.
It's a good course over all. There is only one thing that I would like to suggest, which is that the autrograder does not seem to work well. It really wasted me lots of time to get the RIGHT ANSWER understood by the autograder.
Great course, assignments take more time than listed, and I found the discussion forum very helpful to learn more about the assignments and interact with other classmates. Overall I learned so much of commands from this course.
This course equips someone who knows programming with an into to data science, however you need to have experience in programming, otherwise take a more introductory course on Python programming before enrolling to this class.
Requires a lot of independent learning and additional research to really be able to complete the assignments, but if you're willing to put in the work, it really accelerates your knowledge of the language and data manipulation
Good course that gives you some basics of python while still forcing you to look up for answers online. However, course instructors really need to fix the few assignment issues that can make them very lengthy for no reason...
Data science is itself a very broad topic, In this course, they have tried to get in touch with all basics of data science, TO BE HONEST, you will not get everything thought in this, you have to put your own hard work in it.
Tougher than expected. Definitely requires one to have advanced programming skills. Assignments are a level higher than what is taught in the video. Not recommended for beginners but overall one of the better MOOCs out there
There is less focus on syntaxes which slows down the learning process as most people are still struggling with that. Other than that the course material and the instructor are very helpful. The grading system has some flaws.
Completed the course and found it pretty good for the first run.  Mostly focused on the Pandas library - you'll be ok if you know a bit of Python, or have experience in another language.Looking forward to subsequent courses.
The course it's very good and I'm not giving 5 stars only because I think it is very fast paced. This could complicate the process of joining the pieces together and it's kind of a big leap from the videos to the exercises.
This is a good course for practical hands on data in python. Good learning on map, apply, groupby, merge,  data slicing, subsetting data, datetime, bin. creationShould include datatime & cut in the assignments.Thanks, Suman
Great application of Python (really more about Pandas than Python) to data science applications. Course materials and instructors were helpful, though I do wish that the assignments were a bit clearer in their instructions.
An extremely demanding course, especially on the coding exercises. Expect long stretch of time on Stack Overflow to look up codes and examples....I almost give up on this one,  but still managed to get through after 5 days!
Excellent introductory course to Pandas. Four stars because the pace of the videos are too fast and the assignments requires, sometimes, excesive individual learning. Hopefully the info found in the forums is very helpfull.
You may need to brush up on some Stats concepts if you havent used them before. The assignments are sufficiently challenging, even if you have a programming background. Overall a good course to get started on Data Science.
Theory covered is minimal compared to the level of assisgnments, but i feel assignments are the best part of the course. To complete the asignments you need to explore a lot on your own and learn a lot too in the process.
Very good course to start with data science with python. Only thing you need is statistics background knowledge to better understand week-4 contents. But author has provided with reference to a free pdf book for the same.
The course is useful and I learned interesting techniques. It was just a bit too short in my opinion. I also think there could be more examples to show the best practices of using Numpy, SciPy, and Python in data science.
This course provides a brief overview of what data science has to offer. Professor Brooks has a great command of the concept of data science. I found the course assistant a little difficult to follow with and comprehend.
The interactive python notebooks and the programming assignments are excellent. The course loses a star for the incredibly fast pacing of the lectures, and the off topic data science assignments.Still highly recommended.
The staffs are very good at making difficult key points clear and this is a very good course for data science starters. But the auto grader is not good, sometimes I have to debug not for my code but for the auto grader.
Good base material on data science.  Not the best python course.  Directions were lax during the programming and I stumbled around until I found the formulas they were looking for. Not the best direction on assignments.
Everything was pretty good and the assignments were challenging enough to help increase the skills of the students opting for this course, but a bit more video lectures could be added to the fourth week of the course.
The course content and explanation is superb, Assignments shall have access to course auditing  students also though they shall not be graded, anyways thanks to Prof. Christopher Brooks to deliver such great lectures.
This an excellent course for people who want to refine his skilfulness using Python for data analysis with Pandas, and specially his capability of self learning from internet.It is a kind of Learn by yourself course.
A well structured course with an extremely helpful and responsive teaching staff. I appreciate the fact that the course encourages students to do further research on approaches to answering the assignment questions.
Overall it is a good course, learned a lot of good things, only the overly optimistic agenda for the assignments was the problem. I had to spend much many hours than the estimated time in order to get the job done.
Good lectures and a good introduction to the subject matter.  Definitely  requires additional research and practice is weak on Python and the Pandas library.  The comments in the auto grading could be more helpful.
You teach well but you need to take some more classes dedicated towards solving problems. You need to make us all solve a wide variety of problems and then give assignment. This is the only thing that was missing.
A bit hard course to start with. If you are looking to enter in the field of data science, better don't go with this course. But if you have some basic knowledge of field then it's awesome. Thumps Up!!! Go For It.
Is a great course, I don't give it 5 starts not because it is pretty tough (at least for me) but because the lectures are very simple compared to the HW. If you like to be challenged, I fully recommend this course
The lectures could have have been more detailed as learning self might be difficult foe beginners. The Assignments were very good and an active discussion forum helped in solving those.Overall I liked this course
a brief introduction to data science in python,and how to use the  library 'pandas' and how it plays an important role in data cleaning is being taught,indeed a good course to kickstart for data science in python
This is good course as a whole, but lecture videos are a little short for assignments and sometimes assignment's definition is not clear. So it's hard to complete assignments without the help of discussion forum.
Thanks God I'm just after "P4E"-specialisation, but anyway it was difficult. Additional resources was needed through all assignment. Real help was/is/will "Learning Pandas'-book!4-grade just for difficulty reason
The questions for the assignment could be more clear with a sample output. Also, the instructions for the assignments could be clearer. Apart from these, the course is fantastic to get started with data science.
Lectures are VERY dense with material.  I needed to pause the video and study the learning point (using jupyter notebook and Python API) to absorb it.  That said, I was new to Python, which also slowed me down.
The course is fantastic. Lectures are clear and informative. Assignments are well-designed and encourage studying. Grader is not great, this adds up to frustration and reduces the overall score for the course.
Felt like a real college course in that more learning occurred outside of the lectures..  I'm excited to see what the new course version will include, it looks promising based off what they say will be added.
The course is really good and easy to learn. Only thing is that the content is less. Maybe because it's just the introduction. But overall, course is good and one really get to learn basic about data science.
This course is amazing. Explanation are good. Assignments really provide some exciting challenges which create curiosity to find multiple ways of achieving a result. Looking forward for same with next course.
It's a bit fast-paced for new learners nut is a perfect way to dive into the applied world of python for intermediate learners. I would highly recommend this course(12/10). Thanks for the AWESOME experience!
I thoroughly enjoyed it. The pace for week 3 and 4 were a bit fast given that it was 1 month course (at least for me, as someone with full-time job).  I look forward to playing around with Pandas and Numpy.
It was an interesting course i came to learn a lot of new things under python like how to use the pandas, Matplot and Numpy libaries. It has taught me how the data are being process under the pandas libary.
This course is quiet hard as compared to Python 3 specialization courses. Use of interactive textbook just like in Python 3 course would have been better along with jupyter notebook. Course content is good.
i find this to be a great follow up from the Python for Everyone course. The course introduces python functions which are commonly used in data analysis and the course assignments are practical and useful.
Very well structured course. I would really appreciate if there are more video lectures. For someone like who is not from CS background, self-study topics can get really difficult.Apart from that loved it.
This course is a great introduction for the basics of data cleaning, searching and proving hypothesis. The main con is that sometime the question in an assignment isn't that clear, but overall, thumbs up.
This is an excellent course for laying strong foundation for data science skill-set.  The course assignments are very thorough and reference/further reading resources are very handy. Many thanks for this.
The structure of the course could be more organised (the current content is more scattered). In that way, the content could be more understandable for people who are not that experienced in python coding.
The course content is great  - Prof Christopher seriously made justice to the content. He is great instructor. He has presented course in right manner, with right speed. Looking for more courses from Him.
The entire explanation of each topic is good but it is too fast. There should be more number of examples for each topic and for various cases. Other than that, It was very beneficiary for me. Thank you!!
Really loved working on the assignments from the course, it was really helpful for me to learn by doing things practically, however the course video content could improve thus giving it a 4 star rating.
The explanation and content in teaching video is too brief for the assignment. It cannot not provide sufficient concept and knowledge for student to complete it, especially who not familiar with pandas.
Thank you for the very elaborate and very beginner's course. The difficulty quickly ramps up and the questions within an assignment often differs substantially. This can be seen as both a pro and a con.
Great Course.!The assignment problems should have been more comprehensive. The auto-grader needs more getting used to. Should introduce practice notebooks to consolidate the concepts being worked upon.
Very good course.This is somewhat complex, prior knowledge of python is a must. There is an interesting gap between lessons and practical exercises but with some reading is possible to solve everything
I found this course  appealing because it was more practical based.it helped me alot in getting hands on experience and most of all I have learned how to solve real world problem with python libraries
Assignments are way tougher than what is taught in the class, but they are challenging and the help in discussion forums is speechless. Without that, completion of assignments will take too much time.
Good course but at times very tedious assignments that require a lot of independent trouble shooting and stamina that someone with little programming experience may not have. Anyway, very interesting!
super hard course I enjoyed it but the thing that I didn't like specially when this is supposed to be the learning phase the assignments were hard and it sometimes pushes you to look for the solution
Christopher Brooks was exceptional but the other guy was going too fast.Overall it was a good course. The assignments weren't too tough but the assignment's language made it unnecessarily look tough.
The course is good but the oral explanations are at times very tiresome. A more constructive approach in which the explanations are followed by step-by-step examples whould be far better.Best regards
Quizzes were very challenging and interesting. I learned alot. The main drawback in this course is that the materials are insufficient to answer the assignments.And some questions were not so clear.
Excellent content and up-to-date material. Dont get 5th star because despite very well crafted Exams, there are evidently some problems with explanations and the "grader" ends up being too restrict.
Assignments are tough compared to the course lecture material. Therefore, alot of self learning is required other than the lectures. There should be more study material covered in the course videos
The speaker is so dull, And the way he speaks doesn't motivate one to learn the things with interested. The speaker of the videos should be the one who speaks passionately about what he is saying..
A very nice introduction to libraries/skills used by data scientists. The auto-grader was extremely annoying though. Also, I felt that some of the questions on the assignments were a bit ambiguous.
Massive learning curve.  I was going to recommend this course as an intro to Python/Pandas to my colleagues but the content ramps up too fast for those with only introductory programming knowledge.
Loved it! Exercises were really interesting. A bit too dense at some points till the point i had to go back several times on some videos. The jupyter notebooks to follow the lessons are brilliant!
Although the tests can be a bit fiddly, this is a great course if you already have a bit of background with Python and/or data cleaning. Lecture and tutorial videos are lean and information-dense.
The course content was good. But the assignments demanded more. Some information was incomplete in the assignments that is, info about datasets were not sufficient to solve the entire assignment.
Overall Course is too good and helps us to know how to deal with large sets of data but being a beginner the course contents are not tough but the assignments are tougher than our expectations
Nice course! there is only one suggestion I want to send you, the video is so short that we can not learn the pandas more in the course. So I hope you can provide more  detailed videos thanks.
Good course.  I enrolled having used Pandas and Jupyter for the last 6 months and it still showed me a few tricks.  I especially liked the sections on evaluation the efficiency of operations.
Great introduction course on Python. It needs a lot of time on self-learning, and the Discussion Forums are very helpful in solving the assignment problems and boost your learning experience.
This is a challenging and engaging course. The only feedback I have is that the assignments could have better description on what it is expected and the module notebooks need to be improved.
Still involves outside research to complete assignments. A little more explanation of new commands would be a good addition. Otherwise, the course was challenging and covered several topics.
Really excellent lecture materials. Programming assignments are challenging, but have too many quirky aspects, and require time to debug (without additional learning). Would highly recommend
Its a great experience to learn online especially with Coursera I just get everything about data science and technology . thank you so much the team of Coursera to provide the course to us.
The course has good course assignments, but the description of the assignments is sometimes too short. The lectures are a bit fast, but since it is an advanced course, it is a good balance.
the content covered in the course is very less to the questions asked in the assignment. Need some more detailed videos for explaining the functions available in python and how to use them
Good for Beginners. Assignments are good but question framing was poor. Of course, required doubts are clarified through Discussions. Overall Great Experience doing this course. Thank you!
Overall nice, it serves you to go serach for new things and mainly grasp concepts more strongly by yourself.Nice, could have taken more time for statistics rather than just data cleaning.
The material in this course is great. The only problem I had was that some of the assignments had very poorly worded questions which led to a lot of confusion. Overall, a very good course
Loved It, the lectures were short and concise, while the assignments were interesting and challenging if nothing else this course really made me feel like a data scientist in the making.
Excellent course but not great for beginners...For a beginner seeking to transcend from python basics to python libraries for data  science e.g pandas I suggest you don't start with this
A really in depth course which could have been a bit more elaborate or just make it a bit more easy to understand by making use of some  more examples.Overall a great learning experience
Very informative, yet challenging introduction to get a glimpse of the possibilities within pandas! Well explained, still needs a lot of "web-support" (e.g. StackOverflow) to get along.
It doesn't give you all the resources, making you do your own research to get all the answers, which is great.Sometimes questions were not clear enough but the forum discussions do help
I took sometime to get used to the auto grader, but after that it's fine. All the staffs are very helpful in clarifying the questions and provide code to debug my codes. It was awesome!
Overall a very nice introduction to Python. Sometimes the checks for the assignments were a little annoying. It would be way easier if all the checks would be published from the outset.
The course will be difficult who doesn't have sound knowledge about the library and functions of python3. It would be better to start this course after completing the course 'Python3'.
Excellent course, with good material & explanations by the staff. However, giving more guidance on what is expected from each answer could save us some time while doing the assignments
Overall quite good, but the auto-graded assignment can lead to a lot of time spent less on comprehension and more nit-picky details (more than the R-based data science specialization).
Great course requiring a lot of dedication. However, got issues with the auto grader that made me loose a lot of time unfortunately. Good tips to resolve issues from discussion forums.
The course takes one through essential steps for data science introduction but i feel the assignments look to technical for an introduction and the autograder creates alot of tension.
The course is based on getting hands on experience of pandas package and some hypothesis testing. be sure to learn basics of pandas and hypothesis testing before enrolling the course.
The course materials, videos are great! I am giving 4 stars just because some of the questions of the assignments are confusion. It takes a very long time just to understand question.
Excellent, if frustrating introduction to data science in python. There was a large learning curve with Coursera and using python, but it was well worth it and I learned a great deal.
A good course overall, except for some ambiguous question descriptions in the assignments which makes you guess what the real requirement is by submitting your answer multiple times.
i really want to say a big thanks to the whole team who designed this course .i have been really into learning about data structures and python and this has been a boon in disguise.
This course covers pretty much the basic concepts of data science, as well as some python programming.Tests requests might might sound a bit confusing, but overall is a good course.
A lot of learning through Assignments, best course for those who can work hard to learn something. Also it teaches you how to apply bottom down approach in life to learn a new thing
Loads of material and can be challenging for beginners (not being smug, i am one and it was for me). Still learned a lot and would recommend if you are willing to put in the effort.
The course was  informative and helped me to a certain level, but I couldn't help but feel that it could have been a little more detailed. But it was still helpful and interesting.
You must have to add key important reference in this course so that students get easily access to only those material which is really needed in this life of data science programing
Course is good. But, pandas version is old in Jupyter notebook, difficulty increase exponentially and 1 question in assignment 4 has either wrong instructions or question is wrong.
for testing question, if some test cases are provided i believe that could be very helpful saving time.Otherwise course is very good especially the assignments and project.Thanks!!
The questions in assignment 4 can be a little more explanatory. Apart from that the course is very well structured and the assignments are excellent for learning and experimenting.
The course is really good the material is a little heavy and need a lot of work for the assigmentes.Some lack of help dduring the assigments and the practice tools are not working
Very good course. Pretty fast pace, so definitely needed to google/read a bit on the side. The exercises push you really think, though I had a some problems with the auto-grader..
Concepts explained are basic , and questions requires in-depth knowledge which makes practice test hard to pass.  This is my first MOOC, took me a bit longer to understand things.
Learned so much in such a short time! I can't believe it. 4 weeks ago, I had no idea what pandas was. Now, I'm merging multiple data sets and cleaning them. Such a great feeling.
Very good class, although it seems better to have good Python skills already. I am a business school student with just basics in Python, and I found the assignments a bit hard !
Everything was fine videos and all but assingment should be made easier and next to next questions should get tougher some question were too difficult and matching to the videos
Strengths: The assignments were interesting and challenging.  The teaching assistant and discussion forums were helpful.Cons: The auto-grader costs several hours to get to work.
The content and assignment topics were good, however the questions were at times misleading or did not specify all conditions required for a correct answer. Perseverance is key.
a must to do course for anyone who is entering the world of data science although i faced a bit of difficulty in assignments ,the instruction in assignments should be more clear
A very good course. Excellent introduction to pandas, in particular. Auto-grader could be improved, but it is great to get instant results, rather than waiting for peer grading.
Enough programming has open answers, it will be helpful if there are some guided method to be provided after we finish each assignment to better increase our coding efficiency.
Very thorough course with good questions and interesting assignments. Be prepared to read through pandas documentation though, or perhaps that's just my go to as a developer :)
I feel the videos could have been more instructive.However, the level of assignments is incredible! I learnt a lot more from programming assignments of this course than videos.
I strongly suggest making the description for assignments clearer. For assignment 2 and 3, without help of discussion forum, maybe I am still stuck in the data pre-processing.
I found this course slightly difficult since I was completely unaware of Pandas and NumPy, however, by putting slight effort and dedication, I was able to complete the course.
Great Course,very practical. I would improve the examples and increase the number of exercise during the lectures instead of just fastly presenting the pandas functionalities.
Assignments were very good and involved a lot of thinking. It made me go through the documentations of a lot of functions. But the videos could be better and more elaborated.
The course content is very good and its well taught. I suggest to brief or explain the assignment questions after completing it, it will help to better understand the things.
The course was very learning but the assignments were really difficult. Even though, I have a background in python, still it was very challenging to complete the assignments.
Challenging in a good way, but sometimes light on important details which makes it difficult to even go about finding your own info/solutions online as the course encourages.
It was challenging yet fun to learn this course. Last but not least, the http://stackoverflow.com is really helpful. I highly recommend it to anyone who want to learn Python.
Some issues when validating the assignements automatically but the forums are very helpful. Overall great course to start learning python and the libraries pandas and numpy.
The submission tasks are too time consuming. In the other hand,forces the student to search about answers by themselves and use the techniques taught on it's full extension.
I like the course very much. It was fun to learn and to do the exercises. There were some rough edges in the assignments but I'm sure these will be straightened out in time.
The last 2 assignments were very tough. Out of the scope of this course.But whatever the content was very nice and understanding & helped me a lot in boosting my knowledge.
Video lectures are easy to understand, but assignments are pretty hard as per knowledge obtained in these lectures, but that is okay because there is no spoon feeding you.
to accomplish the assignment, far more knowledge than teacher had taught. actually it is not good for true beginner. I really need to ask others for biggggggggggggg help.
Instructions should be clearer in the assignment page. Otherwise over-reliance on discussion forums may tend to steer some candidates away from completing the assignments
Doesn't explain alot of important variation of the sintax, and says some wrong stuff as well. These two problems actually happen quite rarely, though. Pretty good course!
I hope that such difficult "introduction" leads to the easy path in working. All in all - VERY HELPFUL COURSE. Morethanthat, tutors always ready to help you! Thank a lot.
Course content is good. The Assignments were great. It was comfortable in reviewing the concepts in the Jupyter notebooks provided. Overall the course seemed good to me.
the instructer was explaining very fast. i couldn't catch up with him. and the learning information was too less when compared to the questions asked by the assignments.
It was great course. The only thing I disliked is that it just gave overview of things that can be done, it was not in detail and also pace of the videos was a bit fast.
I appreciate this course very much! Course notes and the assignments are of great importance for my deeper understanding of python. And the forum really helped me a lot!
It will be better to understand the whole coding if they explain more about the codes they are using. Some times they will directly using codes without explain it first.
This course was awesome, but the Assignments were difficult as compared to the teaching lecture.I think there should be a bit more about the topic discussion in videos.
Course is great and very teaching. That being said, some of the excersizes are not clear enough, and since the autograder is auto, it creates problems from time to time
Great Course, very useful basic python course. Although I had lots of experience with python it is always good to go back to basics and reinforce good coding practices
Very practical assignment to hone skill in data frame and regex operations. However I don't like the monthly subscription payments, which is inflexible to my schedule.
Good course, if a bit fast paced, expect a great deal of searching through documentation and stackoverflow, but it is to be expected from an intermediate level course.
as advertised this is not an introductory course , you need to know a little about python pandas and numpy before taking this but overall it's nice challenging course
A bit short, but good info. I wish you got access to an optimal code for each of the assignments once you submit yours and pass, so you could see how you can improve.
Too much content covered in a video at very fast pace. I am comfortable with little long videos with more details on the topic and I think that can enhance learning.
The assignments are challenging and thus rewarding after hard work.More explanation effort can be invested during the lecture would make the course perfect, I think.
A very useful course for getting to know Pandas and its application in data science. Bit of advice: use the online version of the notepad to avoid autograder issues!
I dont put the biggest mark because sometimes you have spend a lot of time trying to resolver a problem with and csv file and it is something related with format....
This was a great course. But I would advice programming newbies to really be comfortable with problem solving and Python programming before going through it. Cheers
The data could be made available. That available in the links have been updated and the code does not apply to the dimension of dataframe mentioned in the notebook.
Nice and very much informative session on Data science using python where we learns a lot and also completed assignments which is really a tough level assignments.
it's a nice course, more project based than theoretical, challenging assignments and good instructors. it spurs you to do a lot of research and individual learning
if anyone want to learn data science through practical approach then with no second thought enrol to this course .thanks to cousera for providing me financial aid.
Most of the work is on your shoulders, I think it needs more practice session on pandas. Wes McKinney's book are strongly recommended for help  through the course.
It took a lot of self-study, practice and much more hard work than expected at start of course. But at the same time it increased my knowledge manifold. Worth it!
The course structure was very good! Assignments were exciting although a one or two questions were not so clear. But the discussion forum was awesome and helpful!
Great course! Some of the homework questions seemed a little ambiguous but I was able to find clarification in the course discussion.  All in all I learned a lot.
This is my first online course the course has indeed helped me to master data science and the assignments are quite good based on self learing more Thank you...!
This course taught me a lot about pandas. However, the difficulty of the assignment didn't match the content of the lecture. It is too difficult for a new comer.
Steep intro, can be tricky to understand, the requested format of the responses. The autograder is not always verbose enough...Good learning experience otherwise
Good course - fast paced and needs a lot of self learning from the web to get through the challenging assignments. Be prepared to spend good time on this course.
I think it would be more interesting to include more diagram/map mapping instead of lecturer's image all the way from the beginning till the end of each lesson.
the course is fine. But the videos are too short and the instructor speaks so fast. Overall it gives a good introduction to the python pandas and data science.
Great course! By this time of August 2019, it is a bit dated. I wish University of Michigan would update it with current project and updated version of Pandas.
The course was structured well, there were a lot of assignments that really help with learning pandas. The lectures were ok, could've been a bit longer though.
Very good intro into how to use Pandas for working with data sets and get insights from your data by using various aggregating functions and statistical tests.
the assignment is discounted from the lecture, it is way harder. But I learnt the most from the assignment and the forum. Overall, it improved my skill a lot!
Sometimes my time was spent trying to get to grips with the ambiguity of the question. this was quite often frustrating, but overall good course, learn a lot.
A challenging and fast moving course. I recommend studying up on basic python before taking the course and to pause the videos often to understand each piece.
The course is very good to introduce people with pandas usage, however, the autograder and little data issues on the assignments costs a lot of learning time.
The assignments is awesome!But it requires too much self learning.The course will be better if the professor can teach a little bit more about the functions~
Excellent instructor with high level talk that goes into the details just enough. Recommended to have some programming experience but you can get by without.
The course explained in brief, rich in theory but not much in practice, so a lot more individual learning is needed more than the time taking of this course
This course is a fairly good introduction. Expect to spend a good amount of time searching forums for guidance on completing some of the weekly assignments.
The coursework was amazing but if the student start without having strong python knowledge, it can turn out to be very difficult especially the assignments.
I like the assignment a lot, but the course material part contains too many talking. I would like to suggest it includes as much as coding, and less talking
Good course. Some trouble with the assignments, difficult to understand what's wrong with one submission (could be good to have someone look at your code).
Nice course. I really liked how I could proceed at my own pace. The computer-graded assignments were very helpful and the Forums were good sources of info.
Some task descriptions in final assignments were not fully clear so I had to resubmit my work to pass. Otherwise, was good to refresh my pandas knowledge.
Content of this course is very practical and good. I find it bit difficult to understand language since explanations are fast and contains a lot of terms.
Great intro to handling data with python tools. I love the fact that "why" is answered and not just "how" to do your research. Easy to listen and follow.
Very good course and I learned all the new stuff like pandas, numpy and hypothesis testing etc. Assignments were very good to concrete my understandings.
Good introductory course, challenging to basic level and forcing to use new technics and think out of the box. Recommended for first contact with Python.
Maybe 3.5 stars, the material is good, but unless you are active in the forums (and others are as well), the assignments can be frustrating to complete.
Very well prepared. 4 stars because it only scratches the surface of data wrangling with Pandas. I'd love to see more comprehensive course about Pandas.
I feel, lessons are very brief. Should have some better coverage of topics. Assignments are good to challange your mind. Overall it was good learning .
Very good introduction to data science with python (numpy, pandas).Only negative aspect is that the assignment questions are sometimes not unambigious.
The lectures can include anecdotes & more relevant examples to make it more interesting. The notebokks & assignments are very well designed. Thank you!
it was very exciting but so fast and requires a good background in Python. I think it is not suitable for people from for example C or C++ background.
I think the course Assignment is difficult and the course theory is not up to assignment level, I found difficulty in solving nearly every assignment.
Good overview of fundamentals. Could do with more information on last few parts that feature quite heavily in the assessment (e.g. statistical tests).
Gave me an insight of how Data Cleansing, Eliminating Noises and running Statistical Analysis can be done and it gave me an exposure to Data Science.
This course is much more useful for someone who wants to get a touch of data science but one should have some basics knowledge of python programming.
Great Course. The assignments are challenging and this gives you an idea of how difficult it is to clean and perform calculations on real life data.
The submission of last assignment is troubsome due to system design. Takes time to solve it. But it gave me a lesson how should I write robust codes
Requires most projects to be completed without the videos help. Need to research and find answers elsewhere. Also need to have good sense of python.
Very challenging course. But you can really learn something by solving challenges, right? It depends on how much you want to learn from the course.
Very good course. This was probably a little too advanced for me but that's because I jumped too far ahead in my educational journey. Good content!
The videos should prepare newer Python learners better to complete the assignments. Moreover, some questions are very vague and unnecessarily long.
The course gives me an overview of Data science and Data visualization. However more explanation on the statistical topics would be more helpful .
Overall this is good introductory course but the assignment questions should be more clear, as there are lots of doubts at each step of assignment
Please improve the autograder .Its annoying to be not graded for correct answers. Otherwise the course is perfect. Loved it !! Thank you very much
A great course with challenging exercises. The tutorials could provide better guidance on concepts that you need to take with into the exercises.
Sometimes I had problems understanding the instructions in the exercises (e.g., definition of start of recession). Otherwise, Everything is good.
the questions of assignments could have been framed in a better way. Some questions are very confusing and even the forum doesn't help all times.
Last Assignment which is Hypothesis Testing could be more elaborated and more reading material could be provided there for better understanding.
The course was Great. You got to learn so many things. The assignment is so challenging it will definitely increase your knowledge for the same.
Very difficult course, very challenging in terms of the validation tool for the homework, but undoubtly I learned very much from it. Thank you !
I would like to refer to all beginnner.. coursera is the best content to learn data science and Machine learning..Amol BillaleAI & ML Researcher
Great course. I'll recommend changes for the assignments. Some were really vague, especially with the workings. It made them quite challenging.
This is a good course. It is challenging yet fun. Instructors are very helpful for the assignments. I believe I learned a lot from this course.
I feel the pace of teaching the coding pieces should be slower and clearer. However, overall it is a decent jump-start to learning data science
The course was great though the assignments should have more clarity in terms of the questions and language ambiguity should be taken care of.
It was a great experience to be a part of this course, the explanation was awesome, the hands-on practice was superb, I loved the course alot.
I learned a lot about Pandas (Dataframe and Series), it's a powerful library. However the course didn't dig enough the statistics part. Thanks
Too little of expounding and too much of searching the net by oneself. Too few examples. It is a self-learning but what's the Course for then?
Do more examples & explain more theory on screen, rather than have the camera focus on the lecturer.Highly useful intro tutorial. Thanks team.
if you are new to the field this should be in your way to excel. had a great time . pls do refer to the books suggested it is surely necessary
The Structure of Course is Great!! Although I would love to have mentors explain concepts a little more. Overall a great introductory course.
The help in the forum was good, the assignments were fun although I always had some problems with the grader at first, some resolved some not
The assignments were challenging and cool. Lot of self-study needed to crack them. The lecture videos could have been a bit more interesting.
The assignments were very interesting  and the teaching also was very good. The main help was the provision of notes in the jupyter notebook
assignments quite challenging , way more time needed than the est. times given by coursera. happy I could finish it. on to the next course !
Could have been more challenging and worked with more interested bigger datasets but was a great way to get up to speed on pandas abilities.
The course is really nice, hands-on all the time. Some questions of the assignments could be improved to avoid ambiguity/subjectivity tough.
Not beginner friendly, great assignments which require "stackoverflow" skill. you actually learn from assignment. Videos are not that great
good course overall but there needs to be more information on code profiling/optimizing it is really required to pass a part of question 4.
A good introduction to Pythonic data science programming tools. Just  bit too fast in exposition for my learning curve. However I liked it.
Mostly good. However the question quality of homework 4 should be improved. The way how questions are expressed is ambiguous and confusing.
The course is very interesting and quite informative. I got a lot of information about Data Science and its application in various fields.
Great course for beginners, as well as for those with previous data science experience with other programming languages (i.e. R Computing)
Overall a really great course with a great deal of skills and information, but i wish the coursework assignments were a little bit easier.
The course was challenging but fun. To complete the assignments you need to research python on the Internet and consult the course forums.
Autograder is hard to understand and has no feedback. Could improve the feedback mechanism, maybe with peer review. Thanks for the course!
Assignment 3 and 4 was much difficult then others, I have to submit 3 times and have spent more then 7 hrs. Ultimately i have learn good.
The course is really good but a little more insight to pandas would have made it even better and also the auto-graders is a little buggy.
Assignments of the course are more educative than video contents . Because videos include short and insufficent information about topics.
A good course overall.The assignments are challenging and promote a lot of self learning.The Jupyter Notebook integration is also a plus.
Overall very good. Like the lecture styles. Some of the questions in the assignments aren't clear, but the discussion forum helps a lot.
Good training for beginner. The last assignment seems to be quite challenging but once delivered helps a lot to increase the confidence.
It provides you with very good learning experience , though i felt for introduction to data science , the assignments are little tough.
Course videos provide good examples of using methods, but prepare to teach yourself from StackOverflow when completing the assignments.
Good course to start learning python and some of it's application.Week 1 and 2 videos are very fast forwarding on python for beginners.
The demo speed is too fast for the new average learner, but we can always stop and rewind. Assignments are lengthy yet too informative.
Don't think this should be classified as "Beginner Specialization. No prior experience required." Need at least some coding experience.
To be honest, I think the course is very good, however, it may be need to more clear on the description of the questions in assignment.
The course is good, but the autograder is absolutely horrible, spend hours figuring out how to force autograder to accept my solution.
Generally, it is very useful course, and provides lots of resources. However, I believe that they are areas to make the course better.
The assignment is quit hard and students need to do a lot of research to pass. But you can learn a lot of things through this process.
I loved problems and approaches. There are definitely some key topics which needs more practice, hopefully with time this will evolve.
There was a lot of self learning required to complete the projects, I'm not sure the lecture portion of the course is worth the money.
Tough course.  Great exercises increasing in difficulties and are without much training wheels.  The videos are a bit too fast for me.
I would like to have seen more detailed teaching on Hypothesis testing and how it applies to python before tackling the final project.
The assignment wordings are ambiguous. Clear instructions are needed with a sample of the end product showing data type/format/shape.
If technical points can be explained in more details, the course will be more attractive. Overall, it's a very fantastic experience.
I had to rely on the feedback from the forum for the final week's homework.  It was impossible without reading everyone's questions.
this goes through the basics once again. a very good course to brushup the forgotten python scripts on data handling and cleaning...
My humble request is that content should be more elaborated with examples so that its clear  as what the instructor wants to convey
Very good course to manipulate data with python. My only issue is that the assignments need to be elaborate or described in better.
I think the questions should be better explaneed in the anouncement at the avaliations. Especially whats is expected by the grader.
It was so challenging for an introduction course. However, it helped me a lot to improve my skills in Python Pandas. Thanks a lot.
The course is good for learning new in Data Science, but some exercise should not to difficult and correct how to check the result
My review is actually 4.5, which I cannot enter. Would rate as 5, but unclearness of the final assignment made it too frustrating.
Sometimes grader was too picky and i spend many many hours trying to figure our mistakes, that were only wrong datatype and so on.
The course is great, there are challenging assignments, great for those who want to learn the basics of programming/data analysis.
The assignments were pretty good, making one to go advanced into python. The teaching could be bit slower paced with more content.
Nice course for intermediates and beginners.This course becomes quite challenging and difficult to grasp as the course progresses.
All the ingredients are there, but it would be nice to have more hand-holding given the ramp-up in difficulty in only a few weeks.
I loved the assignments but the video lectures lack all the info needed to do the assignments. assignments require self learning.
I wish we had more examples and datasets in this course. Overall, it is a good way to start and learn how to use NumPy and Pandas
over all good content, assignments were good, one thing i find it hard is pacing, it's sometimes too fast, but it is worth taking
The course is not bad for the start, but I'm a little bit confused because of difference between lectures and assignments' tasks.
The assignments were a very good indicator of progress. The tutor was a great help for when I had a problem. Thanks a million ;-)
Course could have been taught with some more depth and focus given on covering more concepts. Otherwise the curriculum was good.
I gues is important give more estructures to the student, i think a little cheatsheet of python is very useful for the students.
The assignments were a bit difficult. It sometimes demotivates when the going gets tough. Was able to crack it in the end though
Great courses,enjoy.But this is the hardest course I ever have on coursera.Slow down the speech and coding part would be better.
course content is very good. the assignments need to be more detailed...some questions are confusing and need more instructions.
It was a  knowledgable experience. But I would say need a bit more work towards explaining the programming during the sessions.
It was difficult to choose; 4 or 5 stars. It is a 5 star course, but due to my fighting with the autograder, I ended up with 4.
Pros: Good and practical syllabusCons: no so clear explanations of some topics, problems unclear issues with assignment grading
Course content was really good as it focused more on practical work rather than just theory. The last assignment was difficult.
Very good... but question should have been properly explained (in a detail manner).. overall it was a great learning experience
Video instruction is way too short compare to other Coursera courses. I don't think it's a good course for absolute beginners.
The lectures are a bit fast and there are a few errors in the homework. The homework is very helpful and uses real-world data.
It is necessary to explain more some definitions and some assignment are not entirely clear. Excellent response from the staff
Good course, you have to do a very large amount of work and research and test on your side in order to properly understand it.
Excellent course for introduction to pandas. Espacially the assignments offered in the course are great and very well picked.
It was a good solid course on intro data science with Pandas. I found the videos were a little dry, but the content was good.
Overall you get to learn new and good ways of doing pands and matplotlib but its way too fast for anyone with basic knowledge
Really good course for beginners in Data Science . The Faculty is very nice and explains each and every concept very clearly.
Submissions were generally hard, if you want to take this course you should learn most of the programming things by yourself.
Good Intro part for pandas. The homework part is more difficult than the materials. Materials could have been more organized.
Takes some more time than it is said in the course. I  didn't have any experience in Python so that is probably the reason.
it was really good and challenging and of course it made me feel like i'm solving a problem for a job or a life experience
A very good course for any aspiring data scientist to improve their data wrangling and pre-processing skills using Python.
The Video content is not satisfactory. The content must be improved. It does cover only the edge. This should be enriched.
Good course - requires a lot of self-learning, but that's not a huge problem.  I think we could use a little more support.
The course assignments were very helpful in understanding the concepts better while encouraging the students to self-learn
The assignment is useful, however, the grading does not give much information on the submission except the points awarded.
This course will be a great start for people to know about data science with python and get familiar with few simple data.
The material seemed a bit hurried at times..but overall a great learning experience and the assignments were truly helpful
First, classes give you knowledge about topics. Then, 
challenging 

assignments come which encourages you to learn more.
In my opinion, the assignments problems could be more clearily explained, I think it could be improved for next sessions.
The videos could have been more Assignment friendly, as the assignments were tough to crack after seeing just the basics
The assignments and the projects touched upon not just the basics. The video lectures could've been a bit more detailed.
The pace of the course is fast, need quite a bit of python experience and a lot of study outside of the course material.
First two weeks are great. The third week becomes a bit disporportionately difficult. The autograder is very inflexible.
Good course, going a bit fast on certain aspects but good use of Jupyter and interesting coursework, challenging enough.
Difficult, but do-able. Recommend having a strong baseline understanding of Python + Jupyter Notebooks before starting.
I have gained much knowledge of the pandas library from this course.I will forever be grateful to Dr.Christopher Brooks
This course was very much fast paced.This course is not for beginners but for people who wants to refresh there topics.
Amazing course the basic fundamentals and overview idea of the data science using python is covered in this course.....
Great material, but the lectures go extremely fast and have no external notes. The last assignment is way out of scope.
Presentation materials and instructor is well. However, assignments are a bit hard and do not have enough explonation.
Good course for beginners but it is some advance thing which asks in the assignments but not covered in video lectures
Excellent course, auto-grader + assignments can be frustrating at times but other than that all good.Many thanks.Steve
A good starting point, but as it is explicitly mentioned it doesn't teach much math for stats but overall pretty good.
Very good assignments and good overview of many different topics. Videos are well made and I'd like to listen to them.
I have moderate base in python and had very less idea on dataframe . This course helped me learn a lot of new topics.
Great course!!  Programming in python with data other than numbers. It was a challenge for me, but I really liked it.
There was a lack of practical excercises after every video. I would better prefer more smaller tasks during the week.
Most assignments required individual learning. Not much was covered in the lectures. I relied on the book I'm having.
The course is going pretty fast through the most important libraries. Make sure you understand python and statistics.
great class to start journey to python data science. the exercise can be more clearly defined but, discussion helped.
Course is very interesting and video lectures ar worth understandable as well .need to improve the timing of  speech
It needs more examples of how things are done, so that all new key concepts are grasped before leaving for the next.
Good info and subject matter. Be prepared to spend a fair mount of time coming up with ways to practice on your own.
Assignements could be explained better (Maybe i'm not english native speaker), but i learnded a lot withnthis course
Great course, the exercises are a little bit confusing, but you need to read the forum to get the right directions.
Great course really, and a great Tutor. I just I feel emphasizing more about certain subjects would've been better.
I would give 5 stars if the developers update to the latest version of pandas. It was a bit annoying to use 0.19.2
Very good course to learn data analysis with Python. The programming work is a bit challenging for Python starter.
Pace of lectures is rather fast and doesn't fit to homework level (which is much harder). But overall course is OK
Should have more detailed docs as resources, mainly about Pandas. Something like the weekly notebooks elaborated.
This was a very tasking yet interesting course for me. I loved the challenges, follow up quizzes and assignments.
The course was good! However, assignment auto grade sometimes does not work because of python version difference.
autograder can be tough and a little unforgiving, but I understand the difficulties.  Course pretty good over all
It was a great experience, i leaned a lot, but some questions were a little bit confusing,try to fix that please.
great lecture, try to deliver lots of information in 4 courses. would be helpful too have more hands on practices
More time consuming than advertised.  Good overview.  Lighter on the stats, and heavier on the coding in python.
It is indeed a great course for those who already have some programming skills. The instructors are really good.
The explanation of the code written and methods could have been much more elaborate for understanding it better.
Tasks sometimes a bit tacit to understand what exactly should we return and in what format, but course is great!
The course outline is good, though there can be some more details about submitting the answers to the questions
This course is good, but the assignments are really tough for those who do not have any programming background.
It is an excellent course for the beginners. The way they teach is very nice. Also, used JUPYTER is very nice.
The course is really great, but the assignments are way too hard in comparison to the contents of the lectures
Everything is good just please provide a writing summary pdf/short notes of the skills taught after each week.
The course overall is very helpful, but I felt a bit confused when doing homework with not enough instuctions.
good as a refresher -- data science using python is quickly becoming a basic life skills, think the new excel!
If you already have some experience with data science go for it! or else please learn the concepts before hand
Really good course. Tough homeworks, helpful forums. Definitely recommended if someone wants to learn pandas.
I think some topics are hard to understand and need a deeper explanation, but in general the course was great
Best for learning handling data in Python...just do the assignments honestly using StackOverflow suggestions.
I felt some lectures where really fast and too crisp to understand easily. But most of the where really good.
It's so good to make progress. It would be much better that if the description of the assignment is clearer .
Overall, the course was good.But the explanation provided in the video is too fast for a beginner to pick up.
Overall this course is quite hard. But I'm happy that, I've learned a lot of new stuffs through this course.
Assignments are very challenging and they truly helped me get a good grip of the basics of coding in Python.
Great content just needs some basic knowledge and you will definitely enjoy this course.Thank you, Coursera!
it is a 5 star course but I am giving it a 4 star primarily because of the pace was very very fast for me...
They should give us a database of the useful functions for assignments as some are really difficult to find
I liked the course and the subject matter.  Not sold on the auto grader but understand why it is necessary.
i think the course was good.i am really happy that i completed it.but i find the course little fast paced.
Nice course! Professor Brooks taught things in a compact and comprehensive way. Assignments are intuitive.
It provides good hands-on experience through assignments but the explanation in lectures is in-sufficient.
The auto-grader should return much more intuitive descriptions for why the grade is lower than full grade.
Most of the lectures are good, and the assignments are good. There are just a few problems here and there.
This course really challenges you to get in there and deeply learn pandas. I am very happy with the course
Good teaching and learning but quite a lot of personal work and the examples are all but fun to work with.
Good to start on Data Science covers a good starter point, giving a practical approach and theory as well.
I had a great time learning the contents, but I feel some of the lectures were too fast, at least for me.
Content,Assignments and Tutor were Excellent but More Explanation about each topic would have been better
good when it's been around for a while, else frustrated with a lot of unclear instruction and no support.
Very helpful and convenient, although some assignments required multiple runs to get the desired results
Assignments were not specific enough about their requirements and how they will be tested for the grade.
Students need more than basic knowledge in Python. Need intermediate to advanced skill level in Python.
Very interesting.Scope of video lectures should better covers skills necessary to complete assignments.
Good course but need to explain programming concepts in detail,very difficult for beginners to follow.
This course can be made best by adding details of every variable and how to use it in a random project
Assignments are harder than what is taught in the course lectures.  Otherwise a good course.Go for it.
40% of assignment time I was fighting with autograder. I hope course team is going to solve thus issue
A fair introduction with good exercises, but the questions in the homework can be more clearly stated.
Assignments are a bit tough and are not explained thoroughly in the videos other than that, its great
The automatic grader is very frustrating. It struggles to compile things that shouldn't be a problem.
The assignments are very interesting but the course materials should give more examples and guidance.
Will be useful to take the Phyton Cpurse before this one. You only learn when you do the assignments.
Basically assignments were unclear (I had to do lots of resubmissions), but everything else was fine.
It could be better if assignment submission were more friendly instead of exact answer like a robot.
The course was nice and informative.Just the Questions in the assignments were tricky to understand.
This course is pretty challenge, but I indeed learnt a lot thorough striving pass these assignments.
Excellent course. Well-organized lecture material and extremely relevant intro to Python and Pandas.
overall I am satisfied with the course but I wish there was more practical exposure to the concept.
The topics could have been explained in little details, however the exercise were quite challenging
I believe it misses basic concepts, so I needed to look in different resources to learn foundation.
I wish grader would tell the mistakes, I had hard time figuring out what is wrong and what is right
The course was too fast for a beginner but if someone has good dedication level he can learn easily
Assignments are complex without much practice questions during the course otherwise course is fine.
A good introductory course. But it's not a course for beginners at all. Assignments were very hard.
Fast paced, very concentrated course. Only recommended to those with strong programming experience.
I really enjoyed this challenging introductory course, I cannot wait to continue the specialization
Its been good to learn about the data and the sciences of its I would love to learn more about it.
The course is good. But I was expecting less more real-life data sets for Jupiter notebook example
The course is good for the beginners but you can have little difficulty in solving the assignment.
There should be some more content in the course, more clarity in the assignment questions as well.
A very good course for a person who is not familiar with Python and would like to learn it quickly
From module three it is a bit difficult to understand but with a little extra work can be achieved
Very good course with some challenging assignments that put to test many of my python capabilities
Assignments are really hardIt required very descent coding. Problems given are not for beginners.
This course is really helpful me to start data science as a career. Thank you course instructor.
Great experience to learn Data science in Python. Looking forward to explore more on this topic.
assignment is too hard, and no guide for it. It takes too much time search relavant information.
The course material should be more aligned with the level of questions asked in the assignments.
No doubt this is the awesome course which lets you explore your wings into this exciting field.
I wish there is more lecture material provided on dataframes, especially mechanics of grouping.
The assignment is DOPE lol, but nice support from the discussion form! Really great experience!
a little bit too hard in some assignments, need lots of time to learn by yourself from internet
In my opinion, the best thing that has this course are assignments, I learned a lot doing them.
I think the material is still small. I think it still could include more things in this course.
Very good course although the assagissements are a little bit too difficult (at least to me...)
A worthy course to begin Python & Data Science with. I enjoyed learning Data Science in Python.
Hope that lecture videos could be longer. Anyway, it is a great course, I really learned a lot.
It's really nice to learn pandas in this courses. Every assignment is full of challenge for me.
Excellent and focused on application. But the instructions for assignments need to be refined.
The course is good. But is very fast-paced. You do need to have a good experience with python.
The final assignment is very tough and needs more tutorial help and more descriptive questions
Grate material. Some of the videos are not correctly cut, making them a bit confusing at times
requires too much self-learning,could be overwhelming to those who lack concrete python basics
Very nice course. The only problem that I found was the lack of exercises between assignments.
Good introductory course, but I must admit that the assignments are not explained well enough.
it was really a good course, But there should be detailed explanations as it is for beginners
The autograder was very frustrating, threw a lot of errors. Course content was great though!!
These course is very good for data science with python in future for job purpose in industry.
The course is quite complete but it lacks a bit of extra formation towards the last exercise.
A good course. The timescale for completion is realistic and the assessments are not trivial.
Tough speed - learning effect created by the weekly assignments. Good start into data sience.
The videos are not so comprehensive! but by doing exercises, your coding skills will improve.
the content was more focused on just pandas librarycouldve included matplotlib and scipy also
To learn the basic level, this type of approaching is very good and it is done user-friendly
Could be more basic for me it was hard to grasp some concepts but somehow did it . Thanks :)
Extremely good, however requires a much more time and patience than specified (estimations).
Good Course but lack of documentation and theory part is less difficult to solve assignment
Takes a lot more than the written 16 hours, but overall a good foundation for data cleaning
Some problems in auto-grader make the experience be 90% awsome. Besides that would be 100%.
There is more stress on Data Science aspect. some basics of Python should also be included.
The course is very extensive and challenging , the assignments are too good for a beginner.
An excellent course except in the last Week in the last video. The material is not obvious.
a very good introductory course for learning pandas and basic data manipulation with python
Lectures are shor but effective. The assignments and projects helps more in self learning.
Very useful course who are interested in Data Science. This is gonna be a very good start.
It is very well structured, but it could be better. The lecture went in a very fast phase.
Good introduction to Python and Pandas. Well-crafted exercises to build skills with Pandas
This course is very challanging. But when you got the certificate you also imporve a lot.
You have to read many topics from outside the course material to complete the assignments
Course contents great. Autograder and notebook not so good as pandas version is outdated.
Great  Introduction course into Python+Data Science.  A lot practical tips and resources.
more elaboration on the videos would be great, coz the 2nd and 3rd assignments are hard.
solid explanation of python fundamentals. assignment instructions are sometimes unclear.
A little too fast for my taste, I had to stop the videos a lot to rethink what was said.
The course is quite challenging on weekly assignments. I learned a lot striving to pass.
enjoyed it and it was very challenging.Improved my python skills - more practice to go.
good course and content but more concept should be added and should be taught in detail
The course material is good but the assignments are a bit tough and requires more time.
I think the assignment checking tool needs improvement. Otherwise it's a decent course.
This course was very helpful in applied learning of powerful libraries such as pandas.
This is a great course for those interested in getting started with data manipulation.
Exercises too dificult, and demands too many thing which are not learned in the course
I like how efficiently described here the Pandas and Numpy library.I enjoyed it a lot
A Good Course for Anyone with a Minimal Programming Knowledge to Start up with Python
It's really helpful. While to do the assignments ,we have to learn a lot after class.
Really enjoyed the course and specially the assignments enhanced my course knowledge!
Great course for a beginner.Good pace of teaching.Best at x1.50 speed.Good exercises.
Assignments are really good and you need to apply enough functionality to solve them.
Great course, affords you the opportunity to learn and to find solutions to problems.
great introduction to the basic building blocks behind data manipulation with pandas.
The Course is well designed for intermediates and level of assignments is also good!
Course with good contents, which is needed for advancing data analysis using python.
Some assignments are ambiguous because the corrector is not updated...But i like it.
Moves at a good pace with clear explanation of concepts and mechanics of tools used.
The assignments were little challenging and more of external learning was required.
The instructions were too fast.  The assignments were really  demanding but helpful
More detail needs to be found outside of the class. But the class is still helpful.
Very good courseJust I found that the coursework took way beyond what I catered for
Gave me a thorough understanding of Python and Data Science. Thanks to the team! :)
Course was good, as it gave overview of basics, but I think, more could be taught.
Good course structure and more getting insight to apply to real case data analysis
The course is well organized and the content is excellent. Try to keep more videos
Great course to start career as a data scientist. Crisp, clear and concise course.
Homework should be better designed to provide more specification and better hints.
Please make longer tutorial videos. Sometimes it becomes too fast to cope up with.
I think that if you give more guide for programming assignment it would be better
This course has some really great exercises that aim to give practical knowledge.
I recomendIntroduction to Data Science in Python

it is a good piece of knowledge
The course content was really good, but the assignments seemed much hard for me.
Sometimes I just don't know which part of my answer is wrong and why it is wrong
Great course but a little bit outdated, with some assingments poorly explained.
please give some more material for self learn that would help in assessment too
Solid introduction to the most commonly used data analysis toolchain for Python
Great course, it would be nice to have more interaction and feedback from TA's.
course was good but teaching material was not enough to complete the assignment
Assignments needs slight polishing. Otherwise course delivers what it promises.
It is a good course but it would be better if they involve some more excersise
It's a nice course. But it's quite difficult for me to finish the assignment.
It will be excellet if we can get more resources for learning. Thanks a lot .
since i'm a new bee to python i am expecting little bit slow  of explanations
Good introduction to pandas.  The programming exercises were quite effective.
Basic course to understand some important element in Data Science with Python
the course videos should be slower and concepts should be explained clearly.
it is a fantastic coursera but the assignment is not relevant to the vedios.
Thank you for educating and expertising us in new topics through this course
this coursed gives us a brief idea about data science using python libraries
I think a little more explanation from the Professor would have been helpful
It's great course, but the assignments are so hard to data science beginner.
Great opportunity to learn pandas. Some previous experience is an advantage
good but Statistical analysis part should be more explanatory with examples
Contents are not hard but assignment need more practice and time to finish.
interesting but could provide some mathematical background for further info
The focus was on self study and that was really a good learning experience
Excellent course with lots to learn, but also loads of self learning to do
Perfect to get hands on with python programming for data science purposes.
Great course, Gives good outline to navigate through the essential content
i wish we could have some practise assignements like in the other courses
Coding environment should be improved. Assignments should be more guiding
Assignments are really good but the pace of teaching can be improved upon
The assignment materials in the 3rd and 4th week need a SERIOUS make-over
The lecture python examples could be closer to the homework requirements.
Interesting course with pretty useful interactive programming assignments
It was great experience learning the basics of data science with python.
Very clear and straight to the point, yet a bit advanced for a beginner.
assignments are a bit tough, some of them are advanced than the teaching
it is really nice course which gives you complete basic of data analysis
could have explained Hypothesis testing in better way with good examples
great course!but some assignments lack of clear instruction or mistakes.
The course is pretty good. However, the tasks are no easy to understand.
Sometimes need more words in tasks, so it can help understand it better.
Better teacher required.Language is very much technical,not simplified.
need to give more examples on specific topics for better understanding.
learn a lot, but the questions are so tough, i uses much time to do it.
Course is good. I learned a lot. But the pace of teaching is very fast.
Well, the course is good if you are going for complete specialization.
This course was very useful, it helped me understand python in detail.
Learned a lot, but you constantly have to fight against the autograder
Course content is good but the explanations need to be more elaborate.
Feel too difficult to finish the tasks as they are little complicated.
Good Course but need to improve in conceptual explanations and visuals
I like the use of the Jupyter notebook. Don't have to wait for grades.
Good course to start understanding the usage of Pandas in Data Science
good...but it could be more detailed..in order to better explaination.
Helped me acquaint with Python and Basic Data manipulating techniques!
This course is a challenging (and solid) introduction to using python.
This course is very helpful to the introduction of data science world
Was extremely difficult to get the responses to all the assignments!!
A little difficult for a beginner to follow but the course was good.
It's really highly detailed and very good course for Data Scientist.
brilliantly maintained and organized courses , but not for beginners
A good python intro to familiarize with basic data science packages.
Outstanding course to get a kick start in the field of Data Science.
Was a good course that touched up most of the basic python concepts.
Finding optimal solutions for the assignments would have helped more
great course! highly recommended if you like struggling by yourself
Course content is really good but can be explained in a better way.
Really enjoyed. Assignments take a lot of time, but you learn alot.
Assignments need to provide  better feedback when there is an error
Assignments are really good.Video Tutorials could have been better.
Nice lecture. Needs to have more videos and more advanced tutorials
The Course Syllabus was too much good and better lecture quality .
Good course to learn the basic concepts to start with Data Science
Learned a lot, but mostly by self-learning when doing assignments.
Chapter 2 and 3 are good for me, the rest chapters are too simple.
some questions were vague but i guess thats part of the real world
A very good course. recommended for a intermediate data scientists
Overall, the course is pretty good in terms of practice questions.
Great course and valuable information, but frustrating autograder.
It was good. The session can be more interactive and interesting.
Need more excersices examples, some homeworks are quite difficult
The course was good. But few points were not that up to the mark.
Good assignments to get you to learn the Pandas library in python
It is a helpful course for working with python for data analysis.
A great introduction. But assignment grading a little bit tricky.
The course was helpful, but the assignments weren't clear at all.
It is a challenging course specially for beginners and assignment
A very detailed course. A must do for Data Science enthusiasts...
The instruction of the homework is sometimes hard to understand.
It would be much better if all the videos had Spanish subtitles.
If you could also provide written material, that would be great.
Good Experience and learning. Overall gained a good confidence!!
There were some gaps that were tough to bridge, but I got there.
The course is good in general but the grading system is a pain.
Very vigorous course. A little hard but will learn quite a bit.
It was great but I lack suggested solutions after assignments.
great course. I would add more classes about the distributions
Great explained and top level content to learn the skills from
Assignment 2 was way too tough, as per the concepts covered :(
challenging but reading forums and stack overflow really helps
It has been an awesome experience, I have learnt a great deal.
The course is properly structured and  tutorials are very good
The teach and assignment are not in line in difficulty levels.
hard assignments, lecture was not enough to cover assignments.
Really good course. Just gotta dig up stuff on your own alot.
Excellent course, though the interpreter needs to be updated.
Very difficult for those who are new  to this numpy or pandas
satisfactory,although last week lectures need to be improved.
Bit difficult for one who is not from programming background.
Interesting exercise if you're willing to trawl StackOverflow
There is a lot of scope for the improvment of vedio lessons.
The content was high level and good. You should explain more
Good courses and exercices but difficult to submit sometimes
Great course. Tasks being not precise is sometimes annoying.
Course videos should be more and in detail for each concept.
Quizzes do not match videos. Anyway, great course all in all
Very good introduction.  Assignments were really difficult.
Was quite condensed and not explained fully in some places.
Assignment 3 is very ill-planned rest of the Course is good
Great content, just some parts need a bit more explanation.
This course is best to start in Data Science for beginners.
Very effective course to start with Data Science in Pyhton.
It has its problems, but it's a great start to Data Science
Good content - some prior knowledge of pandas is important.
This was a good course.  I recommend it.  I learned a lot.
videos should be a more informative and Very hard exercise
good but the online notebook version is a little bit older
Good, basic introduction to basics of the Python language.
The exercises are good for thinking and learning of python
It was a little hard for me but i learned a lot.Thank you
it was great to learn this whole experiance is amazing: )
Assignment level is quite high as compared to content tau
Thank you Coursera for providing such a wonderful course.
It is a best introduction about python and analysis data.
Should make assignments more like a real business problem
Some of the assignments require too much time to complete
Good introduction.  Hoping to see an intermediate course.
Very meaningful information and challenging assignments.
one of the best course to get started with data science.
It was quite great with plenty of datasets to play with.
Quite good, i wished they included more pandas functions
A good start to learn about data management with python.
A great course to experience data science through Python
Fast paced course but still useful if you are getting yo
It is a good course, but a little difficult for a newer.
This course is best but lectures are little bit faster.
some assignment questions are too hard but informative.
the pace and speed of teaching is fast according to me.
The final tests are problematic in the evaluating phase
Assignments are too complex for beginners to understand
Course was good , i wish number of exercises were more.
Assignment time estimations were way off in my opinion.
Was good but the support in the forums could be better.
Good intro to using pandas and going through datasets!
Great delivery and assignments inline with curriculum.
assignments and week books were not that good aligned.
Good Course for a beginner, but needs lot of patience
assignment is really hard, takes me 30 hours at least
Very Good course for those who wants to learn Pandas
it was a good course overall for a beginner like me!
Many times I found it hard to understand the problem
Great Intro course into both Data Science and Pandas
A very course. Only little problems with autograder.
The pace of the course could have been a little low.
Videos are a bit short without detailed explanation.
Really effective in building my python programming.
assignmentds are much harder than d course content.
Great way to learn about Pandas, Numpy and Jupyter!
This course is advance level but very informative.
Good for people with prior programming experience.
The instructions for assignments need more clarity
Content is good and the assignments are on point.
The assignments were quite tough and challenging.
Really very mush useful for all the data analyst.
Great content and explanations to novel concepts.
A very good course as introduction to Datascience
Great for learning python basics for data science
This is the good course for learning data science
The course should provide with some more videos.
It is one of the best course of data science...!
it good to understand assignment also very good.
It was a great experience attending this course.
thanks  , the course will be helpful for my work
Good, but I think the video course is too simple
Some directions were confusing but learned a lot
I found this course very useful and challenging
Need to have more guidance for the assignments!
some of the automatic revision has some issues.
very good course and the lecturer is very good.
The last week module was not very much cleared
The course is very good so as the instructor .
Assignments barely reflect the course contents
Interesting topics but very fast explanations.
Please, Give some more insights of the basics.
exercices should be explained in a clearer way
Nice introduction. Learned a lot about Pandas.
It took a while to complete, but was worth it!
should be done after good knowledge of Python
one of the best course for the data scientist
Good ,But its not recommended for beginners .
Quite good, but mostly I need to learn on web
great course, very good learning opportunity.
This course is not for new learners of Python
Lectures should be longer witjh more details.
kind of tough to catch up with as a beginner.
Course should be more interactive and details
Good Course but a lot more can be explained.
Instructions not clear enough on assignments
The assignments and project are very useful!
Great introduction but a bit vague at points
Good course to get you thinking about python
Good course the assignments were challenging
A bit overboard but practically well built!
really useful for this lockdown situation..
It's a perfect course to beginning with ML.
something amazing to explore the Data world
Tough for beginners, but hardwork pays off
It was nice platform to learn data science
It's more self-learning. can practice more
try to explain more in the course material
write python code in easiest possible way.
Assignments gives more practical knowledge
amazing course and great deal of knowledge
good course, helps in enhancing knowledge
It was nice to learn from here, Thankyou.
Too Tough for the assignments to complete
Great pace for intermediate level people.
Learnt a lot .It is useful for my career
Explanations are too less in each module
The questions were harder than expected.
Translation into german would be helpful
a little difficult for me，but gain a lot
The Assignments are little bit difficult
Course content is excellent and helpful.
Basic information about numpy and pandas
Nice course for understanding the basics
Excellent course and somewhat difficult
Very strong base. Difficult assignments
amazing knowledge about numpy and panda
The pace was of the course was too fast
For A beginner ,it was a great course !
It is good but also very very difficult
A lot of information but extremely hard
It was very hard but extremly learnful.
The skills I learned are quite useful.
The online platform has trouble saving
Thanks for the giving good stuff to me
Challenging and worthwhile for a MOOC.
Some interesting usage of the python.
Too much bug but the forum is helpful
the grading system should be improved
The instructor should lower the speed
amazing experience and a good course
a bit hard for new learner, but good
I have learnt a lot from this course
Pretty cool course, fun assignments.
Very informative, loved this course
A little hard but very informative.
please enhance lecture delivery way
Nice course , and very informative.
Very self-directed and challenging.
A great course, Highly recommended!
The test is too hard for beginners!
Great course but could be improved.
Very difficult course for beginners
The test descriptions are ambiguous
good solid intro to python munging.
autograder is not fun to work with
ITS WAS A GOOD EXPERIENCE FOR ME..
Good way of starting Data Science.
Could have been more interactive.
That was tough but it was worthy
The week4 could have been better
accent is not easy to understand
Good course with great practice.
The ipynb service is not stable.
my overall experience was good.
expected much more but its good
Assignments are little tough :)
too difficult for first learner
i loved it... very informative
Too fast, not enough examples.
I earned a lot in this course.
Nice and easy to follow course
Grader platform could be beter
Learning curve is quite steep.
Good enough for introduction.
A good courser for beginners.
Content Was less at the last.
Too much independent learning
Exercises are not very clear.
Fantastic way to learn pandas
The assignments are bit hard
Correct the subtitles please
it is very useful and clear.
christopher brooks is great.
Can go at a bit slower pace
This Course is really good.
a great course for beginner
Took longer than I expected
Assignments are very good.
Not so easy ,not too hard!
the assignments were hard
Good introduction course!
Nice introductory course.
Good Learning opportunity
Efficient and Worthful!!
Overall very good course
Good Learning experience
best course of beginners
Learn a lot with Pandas.
It's a little difficult
Good overview of python
this is a great course
to heavy coding for me
Great Explanation..!!
Good and Interactive!
Great for entry level
The coursse was good
Good difficult  labs
It is good for learn
Its great as intro!
Difficult but loved
The content is good
Excellent teachers
pace was too high
very useful and I
Good instructor
Thank You sir..
Was pretty good
Nice teaching.
bit confusing
right course.
best I think
Gud Enough
got basics
abithard
I thought this was course was good, and was fairly challenging for an online-only course. I thought the lectures could have been a little longer to ensure proper coverage of materials and functions.
Excellent
material. Admittedly I can see why there are so many negative reviews about the
ambiguity of the assessed tasks. It won't be an easy course for anyone who is
unfamiliar with programming. However, if you do have programming
experience under your belt, you'll likely find this course strikes an
excellent balance in terms of conciseness, practice, and theory. Each
lecture is crafted carefully to teach you about some nuance of pandas or numpy,
and the programming assignments are packed with coding questions that will help
you revise what you have learned, in a very efficient way. There is very little
"fluff" in this course, which is a major weakness I've seen in
similar courses of its kind. Too much spoon feeding often does not challenge or
engage the learner. The course is very direct about what it expects of its
students. Every week there is a comment "This week's assignment requires
more self-learning than the last". And true to its word, there is less and
less hand-holding as you go further into the course. I thoroughly enjoyed the
material and probably learned the most out of this course than any other course
I've taken on Coursera, taking in to account its length.
overall the good introductory course of python for data science but i feel it should have  covered the basics  in more details .specially for the ones who  do not have any prior programming background .
This course was fast paced but the material was interesting and not to complex. I can only recommend this course to anyone interested in Data Science and who already has a basic knowledge of Python.
So, I have some strong opinions about this course. It should really be called Mastering Pandas for Data Science because despite the word introduction in it's name this course basically starts at an intermediate level and skips straight over teaching the basics of anything, including Pandas. You will have to already know quite well: Python, Pandas, Database style thinking and working, Statistics and Autograder intricacies. It basically took me well over 100 hours to get it done. If I had already learned Pandas or R elsewhere before it would have taken less than half that but basically everything I did had to be looked up on StackOverflow or in the Pandas documentation. However, at the end of it I feel like I actually know basic level Pandas and I am now intermediate level. In the end, a great course but very, very challenging.
Some 2 years after finishing this course, I cannot stress enough how much I have gained from this course (or the full specialization for that matter). Having started this specialization as a social science researcher with a solid background in traditional statistical research (and total beginner with Python), I have actually managed to find a job as a Data Scientist halfway through this specialization. This course and specialization will teach you how to use all the commonly used Python libraries for Data Science applications (Pandas, Matplotlib, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, NLTK etc.). And comparing to some of the other specializations I've taken in the field of Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Maths after completing this one, I can say that the programming assignments are by far the best I've encountered on Coursera so far. The learning curve is pretty steep at first (it was for a total beginner like me) but you'll learn a lot quickly. And by the end you'll be able to do most Data Science tasks independently. Highly recommended!
Wow, this was amazing.  Learned a lot (mostly thanks to stack overflow) but the course also opened my eyes to all the possibilities available out there and I feel like i'm only scratching the surface!
This is a assignment-driven course, and the assignments are great. The course is not self-contained, and the assignment is much harder than the content of the course videos. It takes >8 hours per assignment, and it does require some previous programming experience. I have seen complaints about the difficulty of the assignment. However, if someone really wants to learn how to do data science and programming, one cannot copy and paste everything from others' or some lecturer's code. Data wrangling is important work when dealing with real-life data, and he or she must knowing how to read through documents and extract information by themselves.  There's no shortcut if you really want to learn Python and pandas. From dealing with real life data, I learned a lot in this course. However, I suggest that the lecturer should provide some simple lecture videos on how to read documents and how to effectively search for relevant content on the internet. Many students may not have appropriate programming skill background before taking this course.
I really like Prof. Brooks's way of teaching. He developed a very good introductory level course. Apart from some talks about data science in a whole, he concentrated on the preparatory work in this field -- data cleaning. Instead of delving into theories, he paid most of his attention to how to make things work by using python. I actually have a background in C, and I was a bit reluctant to learn python at first since C is already strong enough to attack most tasks. However, I have fallen in love with python now, and I think it is a much more suitable language for daily use especially when your projects aren't very large. Among its many merits, the best thing about python is of course its numerous libraries like numpy and pandas which free us from tedious low-level programming. I am quite convinced that I will move to python from now on.In addition to lectures, I truly recommend you go over extra reading materials. Those articles are very thought provoking. For example, the first one "50 Years of Data Science" totally changed my previous view towards this field. It made me realize that data science is not a simple combination of statistics and machine learning, that it is a distinct way of obtaining new knowledge, and that its advancement shall benefit the whole science society.About the assignments, those taught in the lecture are not enough and you should refer to python documents and stack overflow. I think knowing how to solve problems and where to find help is more important than solving problems itself, and that's why I consider those assignments well designed.Finally, thanks to all the efforts made by the teaching staff.
Overall a great course which really pushed me to improve my Python skills and get more comfortable with pandas, which is really powerful for data analysis work. It also showed me how awesome Jupyter notebooks is to use. I'll be using it in all of my Python courses moving forward, whether or not the course requires it. I will say though that the estimates for the amount of time the courses will take per week are way too low. This is a problem I've encountered on every MOOC platform I've ever used though. They really just want to get you in and saying that you'll be spending 15 hours per week on a course will scare many people away. I've easily spent more than that for some weeks in this course. In the end though, I didn't feel that my time was wasted. The assignments are challenging and really force you to get better at Python if you want to try to solve them on your own and not immediately resort to the forums. I'm probably just a bit of a masochist that way, and it honestly may have doubled the amount of time it took to finish the course, but I find trying to solve the problems with as little guidance as possible very rewarding. You just become a better coder overall.However! If time is a major concern and masochism isn't your thing I highly recommend just giving it a go for only an hour or so if you're stuck end then going to the Discussion Forums. There are very useful posts there from the teaching assistants that will show you the most efficient ways of solving the problems the "Pandorable" way and save you gobs of time. TL;DR = Loved the course and would highly recommend it :-)
This course is not easy. You will have to spend a lot of time on the internet looking for answers. At times you may get frustrated, you may ask why i am taking this course if i have to look around so much for the answers by myself. But if you stick there, you will learn a lot. Maybe you will retain  more because concepts were not spoon-fed to you but you found them. That journey is a huge learning experience. I would not suggest absolute beginner to take this course. Learn some python , practice a bit and then join this course.Happy Learning!!!
If you are looking for in-depth theory, you may be looking at the wrong place. The videos skim through some fundamentals, and sometimes give you some valuable hints.But if you are looking for a challenging experience that emulates the real world, this course is definitely for you. The assignments will throw you to the wolves very early. You will have to research way beyond the videos to finish them in a elegant manner.  It also encourages you to code in a "pandorable" way, which is a valuable skill.
The course had helped in understanding the concepts of NumPy and pandas. The assignments were so helpful to apply these concepts which provide an in-depth understanding of the Numpy as well as pandans
Like many others, I give this course a high rating while lodging a minor complaint that there wasn't much instruction provided. The lectures were excellent, if brief; it's hard to imagine anyone having objections to the instructor. But in terms of teaching the material, it was a bit of a drive-by. The lectures show a few examples, while not explaining the syntax or the various parameters. You have to draw that out of web sites and cheat sheets. If you're not adept at doing that, proceed with caution here. In the end, I was worn out from the effort, but felt that I had gained a lot. The assignments were challenging for me because this was my first hands-on experience with Python, much less with Pandas. I did not find Stack Overflow as helpful as the instructor suggested. Nor did I find much help in the forums, but that's not quite my style. My bottom line is that the course was time well-spent, but it could easily have been a six-week course with a more deliberate pace through the various pandas mechanisms such as merging and grouping. FWIW: My recommendation is to get to know Jupyter Notebook early and follow along with the lectures by opening the Week[x] files in the course download folder. You can pause the lecture while you go play with the code to make sure you understand it.  Also, I recommend working with a local version of Jupyter and keep your files local. Otherwise, Jupyter loses connection to the kernel, and stops being able to save your work. The messages are disconcerting, and if you've worked yourself into a frenzy, they can cause panic and confusion. So do all the work on your machine and then upload the whole assignment when you are finished.  You upload on the "Create a Submission" screen; it takes only a sec. You won't even have to worry about details like file paths; they'll be the same either way.  Once you get the hang of Jupyter, you can settle into a work routine. Learn some of the keyboard shortcuts.
This is a hard course. It takes much more time than what is listed. It is frustrating because you need to do a lot of work on Stackoverflow or other sources to find solutions to assignments.  The lectures aren't lectures, just quick talks about what can be done with Pandas, scipy and numpy. That being said, the professor treats you like a grown-up professional, gives hard real world problems with dirty real world data and asks for you to come up with questions to problems.  That being said when you're done you look back and think, darn that was hard but I can actually apply data cleaning with python/pandas to data you might have lying around. As Poe said, It was the best of times and the worst of times, I couldn't decide if I loved the teaching style or hated it, but all in all I can say I learned a lot, though I complained a lot along the way.
The contents of the course are concise and it fulfilled basic requirements for fundamental data manipulation. Specifically, the exercises are excellent as they are real problems, which has many untidy problems to overcome during the process, and it's such a pragmatic train on me. Two suggestions: 1 is to add the answers of the assignments, because even though students pass the assignments, there might be  better codes to refer and learn; 2 is to strengthen the problem description, as there're several negligence in those assignments. Overall speaking, the course helped me sort out the basic manipulation about numpy and pandas systematically.
I did this course as a 2nd year CS student with limited exposure to Python before the course. I had a basic understanding of syntax and knew basic structures like Dicts., Lists, Tuples. It took me 30h to fully complete the course - I did it in 2 weeks. I would recommend the book 'Python for Data Analysis 2nd' as supplementary literature. The course material is very very limited, which is by no means a bad thing. It just requires you to find answers by yourself. I really enjoyed it personally and would recommend this course for anyone who is interested in Data Science! Just make sure you know your Python basics beforehand.
Honestly, I didn't want to rate the 5 star while I was learning the course, because the assignments of this course was challenging and the course videos didn't talk too much about the coursework. But after I finished the course, I found I have already learned almost all of the knowledge of the book "Python for Data Analysis" by Wes McKinney, which is also the recommended book in the course. And I can do data analysis work with python right now. You might think why do I have to register a course and then learn by myself, but what if this is a good chance to push you out of the comfort zone?
The quality of the assignments is really good but the instructions for assignments is really poor.I had to do read through the discussions to solve almost each and every problem. The assignments are really time consuming and challenging.Also, I had to refer to stackoverflow for countless number of times to derive the logic.The instructor has only touched upon the material but additional videos should be included by the TAs for the assignments.Thanks,Sourav
Excellent learning materials. Clear concise explanations, but with the focus and majority of time devoted to activity-based learning: exploring the docs, practicing skills, and developing solution code. Even better is how subsequent lessons not only build on previous skills, they actually help guide and refine approaches even further. Well orchestrated progression of zone of proximal development. Thanks for a great learning experience!
Great Course and Awesome Instructor. The course is very practical and hands-on. All assignments starts with messy data and leave it up to you to start cleaning and manipulating the data with some modeling objective in mind which  is what a real data scientist typically do. Thanks for the course ,  it was a really cool experience ! I really enjoyed the course and it was a bit challenging sometimes!
This course is excellent if you're looking to learn how to use Pandas inside Jupyter Notebooks.  Assignments are autograded and feedback can be received immediately.  Course is a few years old and discussion forums contain answers to common questions
the course is designed very well. It covers data manipulation topics very well. It has excellent assignments which help in understanding the course concepts more better
Frankly, I did not watch the lessons at all, although they seem good.The assignments were really great ! Challenging and very rewarding.Really recommend the course !
Great course that teaches about how to process data in Python. The lectures are very code-based and the programming assignments help you learn new methods.
Excellent course with assignments, But some elaborated videos on topics could help much better in solving the assignments in time.
Very helpful and practical course, great intro to data science.
Great course to bulild strong base on Pandas.
IN SHORTThis was a great course and I learnt a lot! Topics covered include a quick reminder on intermediate python and lots on pandas and some numpy. The weeks 3 and 4 assignments are quite challenging so expect to spend considerably more time than indicated on the course site if you're not experienced with python and pandas. This course is not for coding newbies.IN DETAILI am proficient in R for data analysis and had dabbled with python before although had no experience with pandas. I was committed to learn the course material and to spend a substantial amount of time doing so. The speed of lectures is fast. I paused often to take notes and to try out the provided notebooks, and I returned to some of the videos when working on the assignments. I found the course assignments good and challenging. The lectures give a good tour of different functions and approaches you may want to use in the assignments, but there isn't much handholding with the assignments and you'll most likely spend quite of bit of time looking things up online in pandas docs and stackoverflow. If you're used to that and generally troubleshooting code, you'll probably be just fine. I spent much more time on the assignments than what is estimated on the site: ~5h for week 2 (vs 1.5h indicated), ~1 day for week 3 (vs 2h), and 2.5 days for week 4 (vs 4h).Week 1 gives a refresher on how to write functions, list comprehensions, and lambdas in python. If you're familiar with writing loops and functions in other languages, with this material you will get to writing them in python quickly if you invest a bit of time and effort. If you're not yet at the level of confidently writing functions, loops and vectorized alternatives in python or another language, I'd recommend starting with a different, more basic course because the learning curve with this one might be too steep.Week 2 gives the ins and outs of pandas including creating and querying pandas series and data frames.Week 3 covers merging data frames, grouping (groupby) with aggregation (agg), applying functions rowwise (apply), and pivoting data (pivot_table) etc. It also gives a whirlwind tour of date/time manipulation using pandas. numpy is also included.Week 4 has some lectures on distributions and more on numpy. The week consists mainly of the main project assignment where 50% of points are given on data cleaning and munging (contents of weeks 1-3) and the other 50% of points are on modelling and hypothesis testing. It's quite a proper project in the sense that you're given a number of non-clean data files scraped from different places and a hypothesis to test. There are some additional instructions on what format of cleaned data to produce from the different files and what type of test to perform, but for the rest you're on your own.
This course was excellent. This course deviates from many garbage MOOC who only work with quiz and can not provide a real python coding challenge experience. Assignements are really tough. But my sense of progress is real.(I have struggled to identify such feel in many pytyhon MOOC). Jupyter base for everythjng is a fantatsic format(it even allows coding mobility betwwen my station at work and my home station  through the coding on jupyter in the cloud) . My feedback nevertheless will point to some aspect in my experience and where I think you can improve. Succeeding the assignement does not mean that we identified the most elegant way to apply all the knowledge of the course(lambdas,list comprehension, grouping..., apply) in our coding. Breaking that barrier is not easy for me unless we are forced at it and so my looping mind is often applied in assignments. A real correction with the answer need to be provided(this is what the real classroom would do, we managed to get to the answer but we could still learn more with an assisted correction just like what the real classroom would do.I understand that you are worry that the model will end up as copy paste on a webpage and will kill your value. You could maybe consider this add_on for paid customers only and only provide it in picture way which can only be paper print and not so easily converted to webpage format.Or you need to find an alegant way to randomize the assignment coding test at each coursera session,  which  in that case would not bring any forgery issue and you could provide the correction at the end of the course(or after each assigment completed).Videos are a bit too fast on concepts sometimes. You could split the assigment in two formats:  format where simple principle of the course are first resolved on jupyter notebook (just like the videos case but with more exercices) and complex dataframe case as second assignment .(but please reduce the amounts of case to only 1 or 2, not 3) You could reduce dataframe case.(I've spend easily 40 hours on assigment here, assigment time is too heavy from my workload as a full time scientist. This needs some carefull tuning.Overall Great Job
Very nice Course, You will Learn about how to effectively use Pandas Library for Python and how to treat DataFrames in that ambient, there are nice functions and methods for parsing. The Course is very fast pace, I only have time on the weekends (some of those), so I had to switch dates two times. Also, some materials are  very fast, so If you are new in Python, got to be sure if you have mastered prior concepts of the course (Week 2 depends on week 1 and so on ...). A large part of the course involves your own research in Python Docs and StackOverFlow page. As I am an R user, some things are intuitive (and maybe more easier for me to do in R), several of the things in comparison I thought: "Wow, but this is so much easier on R", but at other times I saw the power of Python for parsing tasks or webdata that in the R require too much memory or are more complicated to obtain. R have the problem to treat everything like an object and guided by vectors, but at some parts that makes understand coding details more deeply, at least for me.  I still think that the documentation of R the best there is for my purposes, so I will stick with that, but it's great to know how to develop some things in Python, mainly because of my goal of getting some applications to end users. Finally, not much related to the course, but maybe with the change in the platform of the Coursera, the forums seemed a little more confusing and a little more slower than former courses that I took, I think it might have to do with the same course running in parallel on different dates.
Superb course if you are over confident about python or want to destroy your confidence by trying to do assignments by yourself just after hearing the lectures but gave up . On the other hand if you spend time trying to develop the concepts not just with the contents or explanation in the lectures, went through forum discussion, asked queries after many failed attempts at the assignments and finally succeeded in completing the assignments then this course will boost your confidence like no other. The course needs to be restructured and the content needs to be revised to accommodate the effort so that the learners can actually learn by the time mentioned in the course description else a course prior to this will have to be introduced. Another approach would be to increase the explanation of the videos by focusing on the assignments, this could be done by increasing the number of weeks. I have elaborated so much because of all the negativity that's spreading around this course, it's really bad for the university, teachers, students and everyone related to the course, it could even jeopardize the name of Coursera, not exaggerating. So take this opinion not as the review of just one student but of all those who had given low ratings, gave bad reviews, gave medium reviews and from all those who didn't actually mentioned any good about the course, now all this combined would be quite a handsome number of people.
Very valuable course for the fearless and stress-resistant. The scope and challenge level of the assignments is excellent. When you finally get the code right, you feel like you can solve any puzzle, because you can only get it right, when you completely understood why it's not giving the correct answer and you get those "Ohhh, that's what's wrong" moments all the time. So there is zero chance, that you will come out of this course having no idea what you actually learned. (Sadly a prevalent feeling at universities nowadays)Apart from that, there is zero handholding and you MUST understand basic programming concepts. When even the course masters specifically tell you, that you will have to "google around" for that one vital code snippet, they mean it. This irritated me at first, because I expected a course on something to be self-contained (except the pre-conditional knowledge of stats and programming). But after completing it, I realized, that a big part of the professional programmer's workflow indeed does consist of googling for an answer on stackoverflow, since one and the same problem can be solved using a myriad of ways.Big props to the creators of the assignments. Those were fire!Best regards from Germany.
It helps to learn how to clean up datasets in Python. 5 stars for it.Some information for who want to try this class:a. The course introduction shows ~18 hrs to complete the course. As a person with limited experience in Python, and as a person who mainly use Excel to deal with datasets for a long time, it took maybe >30 hours: ~4 hours every day for a week, maybe more hours on weekends.b. The course says an intermediate level. The time spent on lectures might be 1/10 ~1/5 of the time spent on assignments. In other words, self-learning is highly demanded. c. The discussion forums are helpful. Read through them before starting doing assignments might save time.Some expectations if the course material will be updated someday in the future:a. Have a short video to clarify or explain the questions in the assignments. If there are some common questions in the forum over the past years, there are reasons for them. A bit more information might be needed, eg. a math definition for a concept.b. The auto-grader is great, but it may not provide enough information on why the answer is wrong. For some of the common issues, the code for grading may be provided as material for a better understanding.
Excellent material. Admittedly I can see why there are so many negative reviews about the ambiguity of the assessed tasks. It won't be an easy course for anyone who is unfamiliar with programming. However, if you do have programming experience under your belt, you'll likely find this course strikes an excellent balance in terms of conciseness, practice, and theory. Each lecture is crafted carefully to teach you about some nuance of pandas or numpy, and the programming assignments are packed with coding questions that will help you revise what you have learned, in a very efficient way. There is very little "fluff" in this course, which is a major weakness I've seen in similar courses of its kind. Too much spoon feeding often does not challenge or engage the learner. The course is very direct about what it expects of its students. Every week there is a comment "This week's assignment requires more self-learning than the last". And true to its word, there is less and less hand-holding as you go further into the course. I thoroughly enjoyed the material and probably learned the most out of this course than any other course I've taken on Coursera, taking in to account its length.
I am a practicing engineer with over 15 years of experience.This course was definitely not for the faint of heart. While the lectures themselves were crisp and easy to follow, the homework assignments were truly a test of your patience and ability to think through the fundamentals.  In all 4 weeks,I took way more than the predicted time to complete the assignments. I still gave the course a 5 because of what it taught me. I would never have learned so much had the assignments just been a rehash of the lecture examples. I applied the material to real world data analysis in my field with very good results. I could not have done the computations I did, if I had not taken the course seriously. There could be more clarity in the assignments especially in week 3 and week 4 but then that's the fun too - in real world data, there is no instructor to watch your back. So mistakes made during the course while frustrating for a working professional with limited time translate to better outcomes in actual work. I must also acknowledge Sophie Greene for her efforts to guide students to think through the problem statements.
Honestly, I have nothing to complain, but have 1 commentary to make: this course is hard. You will take way more time to complete the assignments than the time it is supposed to take and you'll probably take more time to watch the lessons also, since you have to pay a lot of attention + possibly rewatching. It is impossible to teach everything, there are too many tools and algorythms to learn, and I believe this course has the perfect balance between "I'll teach you this" and "go learn this yourself". Trying to do the assignments is where you'll get most of your knowledge. There are also "complementary readings" and "complementary listening" that add a lot to the content of the course as they discuss ethics/mindset and not only the the technical part of data science.The help provided by the staff in the forums is amazing, nothing to complain.IMPORTANT INFO *If you don't know how to program don't even try it, since only some necessary info about python is data science is taught in week 1 of the course. *At the end, this is excellent. The 1 star reviews are mostly people complaining about the difficulty.
I reallly love this course, even the auto grader did give me troubles, but also helped me understand the small discrepancies and details that i might have overlooked otherwise. This course is the first course on Coursera that on a second study day I had alr decided to pay for the whole specialisation, as i did notice some other courses that do not provide much practical value.I would like to specially thank Prof Brooks and all the other teaching / helping staff who reply the questions in forums. It was impressive when i saw some replies by staff that were just posted like an hour ago, which means the forum is very actively managed. The whole course structure is well-designed with heavy workload (smile). Previously I read the golden book (which was also mentioned by Pro Brooks in the videos) for python analysis previously, but insufficient practice stopped me from progressing fast. The assignments and tasks build up our experience and confidence in python analysis. Looking forward to an advanced python data science course / specialisation :)
This is a *very* good Python Pandas course that's part of a data science specialization
 that I wish existed 3-4 years ago when I first started using Pandas. As much as I like Wes McKinney's book "Python for Data Analysis", having an e-learning format mixing video lectures and hands-on assignments is a definite plus.

I've decided to take this class out of curiosity (and in order to get ideas about a class I'm about to teach), and even if I consider myself as 
an experienced pandas user (top5% on stackoverflow for [pandas]). I think it's pretty involved if you're new 
to pandas and covers pretty much every key concept of pandas you should (must?) be aware of. The assignments can certainly look very challenging to the newcomer, and they do a great job of looking like an actual project: messy data, multiple sources, etc.I dearly recommend - and I have already started to personally recommend it - this course for anyone who's interested in learning more about data wrangling  in pandas!Thanks for putting this together!
(Background: college student in ChemE with basic Python programming experience. No pandas experience until this course.)This course is very well designed. Videos cover a lot of material, but the Jupyter notebooks that accompany the video lectures are perfect. They're a nice little playground to experiment with different concepts brought up in videos (and from the many questions you will be asking on Stack Overflow). Assignments, while tricky to get correct due to an autograder, allow you to really practice what you have learned during the videos. I'm taking a Udemy course on Python right now and its level of student engagement (in terms of assignment availability, discussions, and extra reading material) comes nowhere close to this course. Also, a huge shoutout to the teaching staff (Yusuf!) for their quick and helpful responsiveness. The forums for this class are very helpful, particularly for the assignments. I am thoroughly looking forward to the next course in this specialization.
I certainly learnt a lot through this course. The hands on oriented approach of this course works wonders for those who intend to dig deeper and improve their Python programming. The lectures are crisp and clear, but the main learning happens while doing the weekly assignments. Each assignment forces us to go search for content beyond what has been taught in the lectures and in this process we find new things. Also, the lecturer informed us about some good reference books for individual learning. I look forward to taking part two of this course. The mentors in the discussions forum are quite active and helpful. The forum was of big help to me for clearing the assignments.  The only flaw I found was that the autograder does not clearly define our mistakes and that's where the mentors come in and explain in the discussion forum. This part could be better automated.  Finally, I believe that a prior introduction to Python programming is an essential prerequisite to this course.
There are a few negative reviews which have been given to the course due to the fact that it involves going through discussion forums and having to google a lot. Stories of how people gave up halfway. The videos being distracting and useless. I almost didn't take the course because of them. I realise now, googling is actually the essence of coding. The videos of the course are not enough to pass the course or even understand the assignment. But that is how it is going to be in reality as well. No one expects you to remember syntaxes. You only need to be able to think up the logic, google your needs and hey presto - you'll have done the question in no time. It is going to require hardwork and patience, but the confidence you end up with is mind blowing. I am going to continue on to the next course in the specialisation. Wish you all the very best in your endeavours!
This course gives the beginner an insight of data cleaning and using pandas from scratch. The assignments are well formatted and well prepared for the beginners to provide the basic details of using pandas and cleaning data. It also gives us a sight of the real world data that is how the data could be messed up and how by learning this course one can deal with the messed up data. Well this course was more an individual learning rather relying on video lectures but yes, while doing assignments one is fully prepared for cleaning data. So I would recommend everyone who wants to start with data science to go through this course and do assignments. As assignements taught me better than any of the videos or other materials could do. I would like to thanks Professor Christopher Brooks for making such a wonderful course on data science using Python !!
The course was a very efficient intro to using Python to get data from various simple sources and the different structures that can be used to hold and manipulate the data.  The course starts with the intuitive methods to solve problems and then introduces more complex and process friendly alternatives to demonstrate how creativity and knowledge of Python can be used to generate elegant and efficient code.  The auto-grading of assignments can be a little maddening as the correct answer needs to be formatted precisely as is expected or else it will be counted as incorrect.  The good thing here is that it forces you to fully understand the data types and data, the bad is it can be frustrating not knowing if the answer is wrong or just the format of the answer.  Admittedly, I feel this effort forced me to become a better Python programmer.
This course is really good for getting your feet wet in Data Science! Foundational Data Science theories & techniques were introduced by Prof Brooks. It would be good if you had some foundational knowledge in Python so you can better navigate the course! (In the older version of the course, they assumed you knew RegEx - Regular Expressions & other nifty tricks like strip & split, but I saw that they'll be covering these in the newer version of the course, so a good introduction if you didn't know about these topics!). The course gives you the basic foundations, most of which are necessary to solve the course, but there are some methods & expressions that you'd have to Google for yourself. Similar to a college course, there isn't much hand-holding but still doable. In doubt, ask in the Discussions! The TA's are helpful :)
The assignments in this course are extremely challenging and almost unsolvable if not for the forum/stackoverflow help. Among the nine certificates I got on Coursera, this has to be the  most difficult to obtain. It even surpasses getting and cleaning data or r programming in the Johns Hopkins Data Science specialization. Also, some more time on lambdas would really be appreciated given how important they seem to be in Pandas.Having said that it was a real pleasure going through the assignments, repeatedly debugging them and getting to the answer finally. I have no complaints with the structure of the course or the contents. Given how easy the Python for Everybody specialization was this course was really refreshing. I hope for more of the same for the rest of the specialization.
I really enjoyed this course. The material was a bit sparse but the assignments were very well done, even though I've seen lots of people complaining about them. It is true that this course isn't beginner level and someone with zero programming skills will struggle, but since the specialization homepage mentions that the courses are 'Intermediate' I don't think that should come as a surprise. The assignments were challenging but not challenging enough to be frustrating. One habit the course has inculcated in me is to refer to the documentation and build my own solutions rather than blindly referring to stack overflow.All in all, a good course for someone already proficient in Python looking to develop expertise in Pandas. Not recommended for a complete novice though.
An excellent course, which requires more self learning than what is  taught. I extended the course and completed the final assignment in a week. The assignments involving data cleaning actually helps a budding data scientist. Documentation, Stack Overflow for assignments is a must which can boost your understanding not just for this course but for a lot more. My personal satisfaction about this course is mainly stackoverflow part which helped me to understand the lectures weeks ahead. But application of the concepts on assignments is a difficult one which can only be mastered after practice. Thanks to all mentors, especially  "Sophie Greene" whom I followed a lot. Her debugs, algos and code checks have actually helped me to understand both python and Pandas better.
The aim of this course is to help us get familiar with pandas. If one has already been quite familiar with functions in pandas, this course could be too simple. However, as someone who is just new to pandas, I have to spend quite some time getting familiar with those functions so that I can finish the assignments.This course really helps I think. As I moved along the course, I really find myself more familiar with the design logic of pandas and gradually work more fluently in assignments.Besides, the mentor in the forum is so helpful and has provided lots of hints to help us move forward. I'm really grateful to it but still suggest that new students should really work hard on our own before skimming the forum, because some hints somehow cross the line.
This course taught ma Pandas and Hypothesis test, which are very useful in my study and future work. For example, I learned how to sort values, merge tables, and reset indexes. And most parts is like SQL.Lectures will give some basic knowledge of the contents for each week. And this course also provide enough related documents, including codes and slides in classes. And it also has subtitle, which helps me a lot for my understanding.When I was doing assignment, I still need to search more information from internet and learn by myself. I think this is a great way to help me know how to solve problems by myself. I think it is also a little bit challenging for a beginner, so I suggest beginner to learn some basic knowledge before taking this course.
I'm very happy with the course overall, especially the challenges that the graded assignments offer. The lecture covers just enough detail to give you a broad understanding of the topic, but allows room for self-discovery, as in having to read the docs to accomplish your assignments. I'm happy with the quality of instruction and level of knowledge that the lectures have as well. The main instructor was very articulate and demonstrated a deep knowledge and a lot of experience with Python pandas, as well as statistics. The discussion forums have been extremely helpful throughout completing assignments, and got me moving from where I was stuck. I've certainly leveled up my python and pandas (especially pandas) skills from taking this course.
This was a superb introduction to Data Science in Python. Before I started this course I had completed a few introductory Python courses, but never felt confident enough to perform standard analyses in Pandas. This course has changed that and I am now confidently using it in my day job as a Data Analyst, helping me to automate some workflows, analyse data much easier and so on! What is really great about this course is that it sets you up on Jupyter Notebooks to follow alongside each week's lectures, and then gives you an assignment to complete each week in a notebook. It really helped me get to grips with using notebooks, and debugging code and so on! As a Data Analyst, and budding Data Scientist, I cannot recommend this course enough!
A well rounded course that gives a good introduction into the scope and use of python in data science. Lectures were kept concise and to the point. The assignments were really useful as they used real world data and gave a good understanding of using python from the data cleaning stage to arriving at meaningful results. One negative I may point out is that the time that is shown for assignments doesn't really reflect the time it takes in reality as people need to do quite a bit of self study for a lot of the questions. If you could increase the time showed, it would really help working professionals like me to plan their time for it accordingly.A really good course with good course materials and helpful teaching staff!
Even though, the title of the course is "Introduction" but to pass the assignment is quite complex and require a lot of understanding. You have to deal with struggling in Data in real life, such as unclean, remove header, unnecessary information in text etc. which is the most difficult part of processing the data.I think this is a excellent course to learn how to deal with the data but will recommend it for the people who has quite strong background in programming. The first chapter is simple but do not overconfident. The second chapter can be very difficult to process data and get to know how to deal with dataframe. Once you uses to how to use "Jupyter Notebook", it will much easier though the rest of the course.
Course is
great. I have learned a lot, but I am affraid that the assignments are not for
everyone. It is sometimes hard to find a way how to make an automatic grader to
pass your programming assignment. I had to use a forum a lot, not to find a
solution, but to find a trick how to convert my result to the correct format
and so... In first assignment, it was poorly described how to submit it, for
instance that the function can´t use variables from previous functions. However,
thank you a lot for the course, I have learned Pandas and general Python even though
I didn´t use them before. But I regret a bit of the time searching throughtout a
forum when my results was right, but the grader didn´t let me pass through.
An excellent course. Given the restrictions inherent to this kind of format of teaching (e.g. very short 'lecture' videos), I do not think that the course could have been organised any better.  In other words, one gets the feeling that one has extracted the maximum of knowledge possible, within the limitations of the Coursera platform. This is probably in part due to the 'hands-on' approach to the programming assignments, which I though to be very well thought-of. I would also like to praise the course staff for being very active on the Discussion forums, and trying to answer as many student questions as physically possible. In the future I will definitely continue with other courses in this Specialisation.
A very good introduction to essential Python tools for manipulating data. I recommend taking this if you either know some Python but are new to data science, or if you have at least a basic grasp of how to manipulate data with other software. Users without prior knowledge in Python or data wrangling will find this course too hard.Prof. Brooks is very clear, and the Jupyter notebook environment helps tremendously. I liked a lot the format of assignments as well, though meeting the requirements of the autograder can be tough sometimes... Another point on assignment: the version of pandas used for the course and the current updated version now differ a bit, so that some syntaxes may differ on a few functions.
As others said, this course is fast paced, has only brief information in the videos, and has challenging programming tasks that requires students to get the required information elsewhere that was not given in the intros. Whether you like it or not depends on whether you are able to learn by yourself (with guidance on what to look for) or do you want to be fully nursed. For me, I LOVE IT! The material has enough information that I need, and I don't mind searching for references myself. The programming tasks are also challenging as it requires you to be really careful in reading the specs, and that is good. If you're not able to enjoy this course, maybe you need to take other introductory courses first.
I really appreciated this course. The assignments are excellent, but they took me more time than the announced. 

The ability to submit your assignments and have them automatically corrected, even if you are note paying for the certificate,  is great. 

I just think that maybe it is a "too hard" introduction. You must already know python, and, I'd say, should have already studied a little of pandas. The explanation of pandas is really quick, but full of valuable real world tips. 

For the assignments you'll need a lot of pandas knowledge that isn't the videos, so prepare for a lot of searching in StackOverflow and in the docs. I believe it is purposeful, so the assignments mimics a real world problem.
This is a popular course series that many have expressed interest in taking.  Rigorous and challenging course that offers excellent, high quality teaching of python pandas. The University of Michigan does not disappoint and neither does the delightful instructor Christopher Brooks.  I highly recommend  this course to anyone serious about python and data manipulation. Time and money worth spent. Interesting assignments and datasets are found each week. You will learn a great deal. Concise videos with sharp insights from an expert on pandas are seen throughout.  Once you finish the first course of the series, it leaves you excited for the second course in the series.  Rock on "pandorable" pandistas!
This was overall an excellent course, I very much appreciate everyone who has made this happen. However, the very last question of the very last assignment I found to be substantially more difficult than everything else, by a very large degree. Because of that one question I ended up moving my session twice and nearly dropped the course. https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-data-analysis/discussions/weeks/4/threads/1Fkg-ryCEeaIRw7T1E5tHA/replies/vK-NSNNOEeaBeg5U4yHl7A is what finally got me over the hump. The instructions were not very clear to me but the price ratio calculation was the key to success. My guess is that missed it somewhere. Anyway, thanks! I will be moving on to the next course.
This is a very good course about the basics of data science and how python can be used to facilitate data cleaning and handling. I am a beginner with very limited knowledge of python (I had read some basics). The course takes you step by step through the use of python libraries and commands mostly used in data science. I would like to point out here that the assignments post course completion were a bit challenging for me as I am a beginner, which is good. This is because I had to research and learn a lot of stuff to complete the assignments apart from the course material. Looking forward to more such courses and assignments. Kudos to the teaching staff and Coursera team :)
Excellent course that throws you to deep-endGood explanation of basic concepts and learning through challenging problems.  This course really pushes you to utilise open resources and refer to forums and standard text which, in my opinion, helps learner utilize full potential of MOOC's. Excellent course for understanding applications of python, but be ready to scavenge forums and refer to the documentation for hours to solve assignment problems. It would have been really awesome if some more exhaustive guide regarding fundamentals was also provided  which could improve understanding of functions applied in assignments even more
The programming assignments are  challenging ( atleast for beginners),with each question taking about 3 hours to complete  .Many topics in Pandas are covered , making us reading the docs and finding solutions,that further helps in learning . Excellent course , good support from other learners taking the course and very very informative . No other platform can give us a course ( and knowledge )  of this standard . Planning to take more courses from courseera . However a small feedback : The description for some questions are slightly confusing . Please make such questions more descriptive  with examples .
This is one of the best courses on coursera by offering, the instructor Christopher Brooks has a great ability to deliver a lot of information/knowledge in a concise manner! He is a great teacher. I really learned a lot from this course, and reading the course blogs like : science isn't broken, following the data skeptic podcast, joining in on discussions. The discussion forum has great methods by Sophie Green , the teaching assistant, with great stackoverflow links added. This course has a steep learning curve, but as much as it was tough, by and large it was worth every minute investing in it!
This is an excellent start to Python, showing the basics of lists, dictionaries, tuples, Pandas Series and DataFrames, and numpy. The lectures are concise and hit the right elements to get a quick grasp of Python. The assignments are sometimes with real-life data, which makes the course particularly engaging. During the assignments, the hands-on approach really helps a student grasp the details and delicacies of the different Python and Pandas objects. As an improvement, I would say that some of the text within the assignments could be expanded to nip any possible confusion in the bud.
As a python newbie, I found this course challenging yet so much fun to learn. Dr. Brooks presented the lectures in a very organized way and made them easy to follow. If you have experience in R, you probably would pick up Pandas real quick. Students are expected to devote a lot of time into the assignments and try to find the answer on your own. But with all the great tips and clarifications from our diligent mentor Sophie Greene, it's definitely achievable.Will take the other courses in this specialization and definitely recommend it to anyone who's interested in data analysis.
"Introduction to Data Science in Python" is very good introductory course for Python DataFrames/Series and related data interpretation methods. I got to learn to read in excel/cvs/text files and clean them and extract meaningful data. The final assignment was very informative into how applied DataScience work. Overall its an intermediate level course with ample coding to do and experiment. It is a very hands on course which is most essential to understand fundamental concepts clearly. I am happy I took the course. Looking forward for the next course on visualization.
This is an excellent Pandas bootcamp but be prepared that you have to invest more time into the Labs than in other Coursera courses.  You should know some Python. I found the Python-Specialization from UMI a good basis. Some prior knowledge on working with data can be helpful.After some introductory videos you have to find your own way for solving the Labs. I found this very realistic. Later nobody will ask you how many Python functions you know by heart but you will get tasks and you have to find a way to solve them with Google, Stackoverflow etc.
this is a challenging course if you are just coming out of the Python Intro specialization.  Much self learning is required, however that is how most programming happens, so I think overall this is a very good course to partake it.  I don't know if perhaps the questions could be worded more clearly, as much time was spent trying to understand them, and I had to resort to the discussion forums to clarify their intent.  In any event, that might be also reflective of difficult demands in the business world, so I still give this course a 5 star grade.
This is an excellent course. The professor builds concepts very naturally, lectures well, and gives good examples. Most of all, the exercises are really designed to test comprehension and the final week's assignment is an example of a real world question using real world data that must be cleaned and interpreted to test a simple hypothesis and derive an answer. This course has made me feel like I have the tools I need to take on my own datasets. Even the optional reading/listening assignments in this course are interesting and thought provoking.
Great introduction into pandas environment in Python. First assignment was most difficult in my opinion. There were times i had no idea where to look but stackoverflow and the pandas documentation were great references, which once i understood how to better search and interpret, i was able to do what i wanted.One thing i liked was there was ample struggle in this course. I've done other coursera courses and found that the exact problem statement and solution were posted online, which was hard to avoid when looking for  more generalized help. I
This was a very helpful course in getting comfortable with using the pandas library and different concepts in numpy in data analysis. The fact that the instructors and course materials do not give you 100% of the tools to complete the assignments is a plus. Every data analyst and programmer inevitably will have to rely on self-guidance. This course by itself may not be immensely useful in the professional world, but lays a strong foundation for the student to focus more on plotting, analysis, and conceptual learning, rather than on code.
The course has sufficient rigor to prepare you for what is coming in the rest of the program. My opinion is based on my experience with the many Johns Hopkins Data Science courses I completed on Coursera.The auto grading system can be improved. The feedback on failed submissions is sparse and you have to go to the discussion boards to figure out the solution. Warning to students who tend to get trapped into figuring out a solution on their own:PLEASE go to the discussion often when doing the assignments and you will save a lot of time!
The assignment this course has is just awsome ,as it takes real the efforts to come across the solution but thanks to the discussion section of the course, the faculty is always there to help and question get answered real soon... But i believe that there is need to add more content  to the teaching section of the course ... A special thanks to Prof Christopher he is so good at teaching every concept he teaches is as clear as a crystal. But still if there was just more content it would help a lot while working out assignment question.
It is a good course for introduction to data science in Python. I was looking for something to get started with Python and Data Science. I found this course a bit challenging given that I did not have any knowledge of Python, but it was not difficult to catch up with the good friend Google.The course is well structured. Short videos that give you a first insight on the topics, however to complete the assignments you need to search and read more deeply. This is good because is how it works in the real world and in a job.
I started this course a few months ago, but realised I needed a bit of Python to do it, so went back and did the Python for everyone class.I've learned a lot, particularly about data wrangling in python, and how to approach problems.  Its a good start to data science using Python.And I was extremely grateful to the tutor for his help.  Doing a MOOC, I don't really expect much support, and I think this is the first time I've ever asked a tutor something - its great to know that help is available when you need it.
Assignments were bit tricky and more challenging than i expected.Most of the problems were based on topics that i was totally unaware of.But soon i realised that self gained knowledge is actually the true knowledge.I had to refer some text books also, for completion of my assignments.But still the overall quality of the content was good.And after completing this course, i have acquired one more skill, i.e. to search for the genuine sources of information rather than the fuzzy, confusing and more decorated one's.
Definitely one of the best course I have taken so far.The course started with refreshing the python basics and then it's a deep dive in to the ocean of Data Cleaning tasks.Special Thanks to Dr Brooks for keeping the course straight forward and simple. All the concepts are made very clear during lecture and the assignments are a perfect application of these concepts.Even though assignments are challenging, will feel the sense of accomplishment on completing these.Thanks to the entire course team for the course.
This is an awesome course which slowly dives down into Python week by week. The professor has explained all the concepts in a concise manner. This course covers all the basics of pandas and numpy library and leaves you on the door step to explore them in detail.Thoroughly loved the whole experience. Special mention to the Jupyter integration which makes it easy to code and execute. Thank you to the entire team and specially to professor Brooks for making this special and providing a nice learning experience.
It was an overwhelming experience to gain amazing knowledge about python in depth and is perfect for getting started with data science. The assignments were awesome and traversing through the pandas documentation was quite exhaustive yet rewarding. The course offers great self learning and working on practical implementation of the projects. The idea that pandas can explore various data science approaches interestingly was given insight by the course. I thank the instructor for his awesome approach. Cheers!
Great intro to Python for Data Science.  I have a database and programming background and self-taught Python.  I could get by but didn't always understand the nuance of what I was doing (which often led to frustration and far too much time on Stack Overflow).  This course is a good overview of the language, including numpy and pandas, and more importantly, it supplies  much needed context.  Instructor is easy to listen to, and the supplied jupyter notebooks allow you to follow along and play with the code.
I found this course very good.I learn a lot about different aspects of data science : 1) epistemology, 3) tools (Pandas and NumPy  in Python) to clean and analyse data, 4) some statistical tools, 5) ethical and/or methodological issues.When I was doing assignments, I learned how internet communities are powerful in this era of information/knowledge society. Some plateforms as "Stackoverflow" are just wonderful.One last thing:  thank you for accepting my application for funding (in full) for this course.
There are a lot of negative reviews for this course, and I would say it's not for everyone, depending on what kind of learner you are. I learn best from trial and error, this course is very assignment-centric, requiring creative thinking about how to solve the problem rather than following a procedure. This is not the best course for learning the optimal way to perform specific functions, but it's a great course for those that are trying to learn Python as a new skill by solving well-designed problems.
Very good introduction to Pandas Series and DataFrames for Data Science.  Fast paced course with good supplementary materials.  The homework is progressively challenging.  Sophie the Teaching Assistant is particularly helpful in the forums.  I don't recommend this course for those without programming or python scripting experience.  Also, the homework exercises took me significantly longer than the estimates projected, but I budgeted about double the time and was able to complete the course on time.
This was a really thought out and well planned course. Gave me a proper exposure on Pandas. The best part about the course is its assignments and the fact that it makes you think and even lose your mind. The discussion forums are a bliss and the work that Yusuf Ertas puts in is phenomenal. I've seen him responding in almost all of the doubts put forward. Above all this course taught me to read in data how ever challening it maybe into a dataframe and encouraged me in making my code more pandorable.
Overall good! The assignments is challenging and comprehensive enough to let students think out of the box and reinforce what has been learned. The assignment questions mimics the questions asked in real-world Data Science projects that indirectly teach student on asking Data Science questions. The instructor can explains the concept in easy & intuitive way and teaches with coding example. This course will definitely horn your basic Data Science skills in Python especially using Pandas library.
I love all the features that pandas  and numpy have to make routine data cleaning tasks easy. They are so much easier to use than core python, require less code, and work faster. I love these methods (e.g. list comprehension, mapping lambda expressions across data frames, pandas datetime functions, read_csv, merge etc... the list goes on...). Thanks for the great tools. I've learned a lot of valuable techniques from this course, and have started using them at work already, to great benefit.
This course was very much helpful to understand Pandas as a Data Science tool. I started to understand the way you need to think, whenever you use Pandas. Especially the assignments were very good. A very small exception is the assignment in week 3, in which you have to clean your data frame. That was a bit too extensive, I think. I rather used that time and efforts to learn to apply more statistical methods. But overall: this course exceeded my expectation and I am very much helped by it!
This is a very helpful course. The main advantage is that you will learn a lot of new ways to do operations over data. And this is an intermediary course that assumes that you already know about statistics, mathematics behind data. From my experience I want to tell that if you are taking this course don't just rely on the video this course provide (however videos gives you full context on the work that has to be done), you have to do your own research and reading from external sources too.
This course was excellent...I first found the course odd since the instructor went through the material quite quickly in the lectures. It took me a while to figure out that the material was available as a course download. Once I found that it was easy to follow along with the instructor...need two monitors ideally for this to work. If you cannot step through the Jupyter notebook as the instructor goes through the material, you will be lost...and you will not get the most out of the class.
Awesome course for anyone looking to venture into the field of Data Science. The instructor puts forth various concepts lucidly and concisely without any irrelevant extraneous details. Beware though, if you are pursuing this for the sake of learning statistics, you might be disapppointed. The instructor adopts more of a tool-based approach teaching you pandas to solve your problems the way you want to. That said, kudos to Coursera and U Michigan for putting this course together.
Great course overall.  I feel like the final output for run_ttest is incorrect though.  There are two regions that belong in the university town buckets, but are missed due to capitalization differences, Illinois -DeKalb and Florida-DeLand.  I made the region lowercase before merging and got (False, 0.011132653194002319, 'university town') as the output. When my grade came back as 5/10 I knew if I removed the cast to lowercase it would be correct.  Thank you for everything!
Very useful course. I would suggest more assignments as they are where you do the brunt of the learning (by looking things up, and learning WHAT to look up), the lectures are very bare bones in my opinion.  This could be intentional, but I still came out of the course with a solid understanding of pandas and how to manage data in a real-world environment. A great touch was making us import things straight from wikipedia, etc as it is representative of real data. THANK YOU!
There are plenty of how-to videos and tutorials on YouTube to get caught up on the basics, and there are lots of Data Science classes on coursera and other platforms that go deep into theory and stats. This is the first Data Science in Python class that I have found to strike a balance of practical and theoretical at an intro level. The video and audio quality is great as well. Start here. Then move on to the deeper and more specific courses on stats or machine learning.
I like this course! If you have little experience in using python commands to work with data, go for this course!Actually, it has assignments within which you learn a lot more that the videos. It has notebooks of the commands thaught in videos, that you can follow and return to when necessary. There is a discussion forum that lets you see what answers are available for your questions.Overall! I'm quiet happy I finished the first course!Can't wait to start the next ^_^
Fantastic course.I have learned a lot.I really enjoyed playing with various data frames in the assignment.Discussion Forums were very useful.Special Thanx to Yusuf,who used to help me in clearing my doubts.The only thing with which I am dissatisfied is the teaching instructor.He has enough knowledge and is a genius,but his teaching style is mundane.I wish this course was taught by Dr.Chuck.I really like the way Dr.Chuck taught Python for Everybody specialization
One of the best courses I've attended in the Coursera. The programming assignments were tough. But I think in some assignments instructions were not clear or were not available at single place. Ideally all the instructions/hints etc should be placed inside the notebook for assignments. Overall the course challenged my learning. And I needed to do lots of googling to look into stackoverflow, pandas documentation etc to reach the correct answers. Awesome course.
Wow! I've been looking for a solid course teaching me how to use Python applied to Data Science and not giving me only theoretical notions. I've struggled at times, but it's this struggle that let me master all the commands. When I felt stuck on a problem I would go in the Discussion section and read the post of my fellow course mates and I found helpful insights to apply in my code. I can't wait to go on with the whole Specialization! Keep up the good work!
This course has been excellent for helping me understand the core functionality of the NumPy and Pandas modules. The lectures are very detailed and implore you to delve deeper into the subject on your own. My favorites, though, were the end-of-week assignments. These let me assume the role of a real data scientist, digging in huge amounts of data to uncover the important details. Overall, this course is a great introduction to the study of Data Science.
This course is a high level and precise introduction to the python programming skills necessary for any data analysis exercise. It is adequately paced which is great for anyone who has some prior knowledge of python. The assignments are particularly challenging which I thoroughly enjoyed. The lectures would effectively introduce a concept and the assignment to follow would test the understanding thoroughly - a structure which in my opinion worked great!
It's a great course! The assignment is amazing! It takes me several hours or even one or two days to finish it. I have to say the assignment is really valuable. Professor Brook is also great and the video is greatly filmed. It's worth taking if you have already learned some of python and want to know more about python in data analysis. I have already learned the book Learn Python the Hard Way and played with python for a while before I take this course.
Really good course BUT be prepared for a very fast pace of the lectures. I'd placed in the "advance beginner" or "intermediate low" level, therefore, you need to have previous knowledge of Python. As in College, lectures and assignments are somewhat related, but you will spend some additional time investigating by yourself to get the appropriate responses. Again, just like College where Lectures are level 2-3 but assignments are level 7-8 (out of 10).
The course is very good, but the assignment is a challenge for me. It took me a long time to finish my homework, but I learned a lot from it. Basically, the professor talked about the most important knowledge points, and the rest learned independently by extensively searching for information. I have learned a lot, but I am a bit worried about whether to choose the next course. After all, the time I can allocate to my studies is not that sufficient.
The course was pretty exhaustive and I felt like I learnt everything that this course intended to teach me. The assignments were pretty tough, given that I had no experience of Python before this, but that's down to me for not taking the "Python for Everyone" course, as recommended by our professor. A few more interactive and intermediate level problems could go a long way in making the course takers better skilled and equipped with Python.
This course is NOT for the those with zero experience in programming as it assumes some familiarity with concepts like object attributes, functions etc and requires you to spend some time reading up python/pandas documentation on your own. While I think that the professor could use simpler English to communicate more complicated concepts, overall it is a good course with good assignments that cover the key concepts required in data science.
It's a great Course, covers a lot of stuff. It seems that the content allocation between lectures and homework is not well balanced. The lectures are quite short and fast, and the homework are heavy. It would be great if the lectures can cover more details, especially the techniques that are used in homework. Also the if the homework can provide more instructions and descriptions and maybe some self-checking hints, it would be very helpful.
Being a newbie to data science  field and introduction to new libraries and logic this lab was indeed the most difficult that I have attended . To be honest I took more than the time required to complete the lab since I had to attend other classes on numpy and pandas distribution to get an baseline and now I still haven't perfected but have basic understanding but I believe I can put effort and bring out the best ! Thanks a lot Professor !
Much harder than I thought. Very in-depth introductory learning of python.Preferably better if you allow scripting in .py because notebook is rather heavy and hard todebug while assignments..Hope you cover a bit more in detail with language structure, as well as give hints for solving assignments, since many parts were pretty above course level.I would say the assignments were hard even for an R practitioner learning python like myself.
This is an excellent for those who want to learn python pandas. The course content is really good. The assignments are really helpful and they truly covers what is taught in the lectures. Had fun going through the video lectures and solving assignment. Though, in the last assignment 4, if a little bit of data description was added, it would have been good. Thanks for making the course and helping providing the content through Coursera.
This is very helpful course, my skills horned after undergoing through this sessions. My expertise and style of using python for data analysis changed. Articles and group discussions about P-hacking made me to realize the pitfalls, I may enter once I get addicted to proving my hypothesis correct.  I got an idea, what better I can understand; when data speaks. I am waiting for next module of this course. Please start it as possible.
Loved almost every bit about the course: the material, the learning pace, the instructor. One thing I would request is to update the python libraries in the assignment. In doing the assignments I came up with solutions which works on current library version but not for their old version. Had to explore old apis to complete those assignment which was kind of stressful especially for setting up the older python libraries locally.
This was a nice course even though I knew most of the stuff before hand lectures still had something new in store for me. However, I found the programming assignments challenging because even though the submission checked our solution if I got it wrong it was extremely difficult to pin down the mistake and the instructions itself  couldn't through a light on my short-comings.So I learned the hard way. It was a great experience.
Overall I thought the level of the course was good.  The programming assignments were complex and long enough that you had a good opportunity to re-inforce topics covered in the course.  I already had a good bit of pandas experience so the course was helpful to re-inforce things I was already familiar with but hadn't been forced to try out.  I think if you don't already have pandas experience the assignments might be tough.
This course helps me a lot in understanding the very basics of Python programming. Although I have been using the language quite a lot, sometimes I do not know that my codes are *far* from efficient, and I know now that it was due to my lack of basics (I hopped around online forums now and then, copying codes from here and there). From this course, I am now more confident in making my own code. Still lot to learn, though!
Immersive and challenging introduction to python/scipy libraries in just one month.The thing I like the most:Assignments make you think twice, they are challenging enough to make you investigate further on your own about a probable solutionWhat I disagree:Time marked for each activity in course (specially programming assignmenent resolution) is non realistic, actually takes much more than 1..5 hrs to solve the assignment
Challenging course. Worth the time and effort I put in. Instructor and the material is excellent. One suggested improvement could be the guidance for assignments could be tagged better. It takes a lot of searching before one can find the right material. Both Sophie Greene and Yusuf Ertas provide excellent support. But if the guidance or tips can be made easily disoverable, it would save a lot of time. Highly recommend.
Very nice introduction to the pandas library, with special focus on practical exercises. It might be a bit difficult if you have little experience with python, but it is not impossible. In my case, I needed more time than expected to finish my assigments because of my lack of experience with the language. Still, the forums are usually very active and the Teaching Staff is very helpful, so I'm glad I took this course.
Really awesome course. It is a kind of do it yourself course.The assignments are tough to crack. I think a little bit of programming experience is neccessary. The lectures themselves only give the basic knowledge. The assignments make you do research on the relevant topics. The autograder is pretty bad, it gives false negatives a lot of times, but that i believe is Coursera's drawback and they are working on it.
This is a really good course if you are a beginner and want to learn Python. Assignments are not easy, but not impossible, and that is the best way to learn. After passing the course now I feel I need to stop and go over everything again to be able to make my code Pandorable, because right now I know it is not, it works, and I understand it, but I know it can be better. Thanks to the team for this great course!
A great course if you really want to build your knowledge and develop skills in respect to using pandas and numpy. The assignments are challenging to an extent and will make you dig deeper to find answers and ways to apply everything you learn during the week. A good example of a course where learning comes mostly from practicing what is taught rather than just watching videos and answering quiz questions.
Nice introduction to pandas. Lectures are short and give just a quick overview of the different sections while the main learning comes from the assignments which require more individual effort and self-learning.  Material requires some basic prior knowledge of Python and/or experience in another programming language. Would definitely recommend this course to people interested in data analytics with Python.
Excellent course for data analysis in python, although the assignments are quite challenging and time consuming for beginners. During the course, I wish I could access to the correct codes after passing minimum score so that I could compare what I did with what common practices would be. We all code in different ways to achieve the same outcome, but it would be nice to know the most efficient ways/styles.
One of the best Python/intro to data science courses online. The assignments were sufficiently challenging and realistic, and I certainly learned new skills by completing them. I also appreciated the links to the articles and podcasts that gave me new perspective on my work. Also, a big thanks to Sophie and the other moderators on the discussion board, as the existing discussions were incredibly helpful.
I did not expect that this would be so fruitful in my career.I was just exploring this portion of technology.Now I am kind of emerged in it.Thanks to University Of Michigan and the respected professors for giving me this opportunity and Coursera for giving such a platform.Sometimes it becomes hard to access the resources and knowledge like this ,but coursera made it very easy now to get access of these.
Everything is taught from scratch, which makes this course very accessible- still requires effort, however will leave you with real problems,confidence and understanding of subjects covered. It was very helpful and easy to learn.The quiz and programming assignments are well designed and very useful. Thank Prof. Christopher Brooks and Coursera and the ones who share their problems and ideas in the forum.
Very informative course. It's a little fast paced but you can always go back and watch the videos again. It teaches the basics of pandas with a focus on how to prepare your data before starting working on itYou certainly need to do your own research (Google, StackOverflow, pandas documentation) to complete the assignments.The mentors on the forums are the best! Without their help I would have been lost.
I appreciate this specialization's patience to begin teaching data science with such a thorough introduction to handling data in python. The lectures are concise, with 80-90% of my time time spent on the assignments. The creators of the course have a clear understanding that most of a data scientist's job is spent cleaning data, and it's incredibly important to get the practice offered by this course.
One of the most satisfying and challenging online courses I've ever taken. It's a densely-packed, fast-paced course and the assignments can be a bit challenging.  For the assignments, we are provided datasets that are similar to the ones that we are likely to encounter in the real world. This course also teaches us to refer the official documentation and where to look for when we encounter problems.
This course was excellent! It is hard to believe this is an introductory course given the difficulty, but this course touched on all of the skills I was looking to improve as an amateur programmer / data scientist. I would highly recommend this to anyone who has a base knowledge in python / pandas, and I very much look forward to the other courses in the specialization. Thanks Christopher and team!!
This course is perfect for understanding the basics of Data Science in real world scenarios applying python libraries such as pandas and numpy. The course assignments are interesting, but require a lot of investigation and self-learning. The instructor´s explanations are clear, and there are a lot of complementary activities. Python background is needed. Looking forward for the plotting curse. :D
It seems to me self-learning is more important than watching the videos. Every time I used a lot of time in finishing the programming assignments. Suggestions: give the standard answer of each assignment so that we can improve the coding skill. (yes its difficult in not showing to the ones who has not finished the assignment.But to those who wants to learn it is important. Thanks for the guiding)
One of the best courses i have taken up so far.I am really happy to complete the course gaining a vast knowledge in Data Science at the same time improving my python programming skills. I cannot express how good was the instructor(Christopher Brooks) and also i really thank  University of Michigan for providing this course. I would really recommend this to my colleagues and friends . Thank You.
This was an extremely well designed course. Assignments were very challenging and I had so much fun doing them. Solving the assignments give a true sense of accomplishment. Special thanks to instructors and mentors who help students in understanding the assignments. This course could not have been completed without their help. Thanks to University of Michigan for offering this specialization.
The course is very well structured from notes to assignments.  Lecture content is to the point and lecture length is just right.A lot of work has been put into the Assignments and Juniper notebooks. This element makes the course invaluable as you learn through practical experience. through well thought out and planned questions.Thank you for making this quality of education available to all.
I have learned a lot from this course it is maybe the best course or one of the best so far. I come from a French-speaking country I learned English for six months before taking this course .  However, what I like the most about this course is the way he is speaking.I thoroughly recommend this course to everyone who wants to go for a career in Data Science because it is an excellent course.
Excellent course for students with some knowledge of Python, but not for the complete beginner. The assignments revolve around using pandas with real-world data and are the best way to solidify what was learned in the lectures. The exercises can be time-consuming and you'll end up perusing Stackoverflow and the pandas documentation often. It's nevertheless an investment that pays well off.
Excellent course, and very well taught. The projects are a bit difficult for beginners and will require independent learning as well as revising the lectures, but such is anything important in life.The only thing I think the course can benefit from is a printed summary of lectures, since they can be quite dense with information! But I think the Jupyter Notebooks are a good inclusion as is.
I overthought some of the homework (the forums will tell you to not do that) and wasted much time going a bit too far cleaning data, however my own hubris aside, it was a good course.  I've been working in NNs for some time, but wanted to use more formal data science tools on top of that and add something to my CV.  I wish these tools had been around when I was in grad school... le sigh.
This course has been very helpful and has motivated me to pursue more in this field. Most of my concerns and doubts are addressed in the videos, the instructor's explanation is very clear and understandable. The only suggestion I have is, to lay a little more emphasis on the python terms pertaining to data analysis, so that the student will have a better understanding and memorizing.
A great practical course.This course will make you think and search a lot on stackoverflow,which is good because a lot can be learned by doing it ourselves.Then why this course because we need to know what to look for and this course gives us the basics and we will be able to do the assignments by ourselves .Its not really tough but will need some time to get all the answers correct.
Well, this course is quite good. It's obvious that the staff put a lot of effort into the course. They answered students' questions and solved problems which helped a lot.  I learned basic programming skills of Python and the usage of library of Pandas. The professor gave the outline of what you need to do and the most of the work is done by yourself. Very happy to take this course!
It is too hard as a second course after 'Python Basics', I have to admit that I search a lot of tutorial to pass the assignment. I suggest more steps by steps examples should be given in the videos and/or readings. That would be much easier to understand and digest. But, overall, I learnt a lot in this course. And I will spent more time to review the content in this course. THANKS.
Great course! The lectures explain topics very well. The assignments were challenging - you might want to do a beginners Python course before enrolling into this course. I liked that assignments were focused on independent learning where you had to go online and look for the answers yourself. I believe this form of learning is the most efficient one. Great course, highly recommend!
This course is really wonderful and tasking. You'll get to know the core foundations of Data Science and useful libraries Data Scientists use to manipulate data. The assignments are very thorough and deep. Many thanks also to all the teaching assistants who were available to help, especially to Sophie Greene and also to Yusuf Ertas. I look forward to completing the specialization!
A very clear introduction to using Pandas for handling data. The integration of Jupyter Notebooks in both the assignments and the in-lecture pop-ups was very effective. I also appreciated the balance of covering most of the material in lectures, but leaving you to track down some things for the assignments. I can only hope the next courses in this progression are this well done.
I'm an experienced data analytics professional re-skilling after being laid off. I really enjoyed this course. Professor Brooks' lectures were engaging and clear. I found the assignments to be great practice, although they were challenging for my level of programming experience.I strongly recommend having some skill with python, particularly pandas, prior to taking this course.
Great course to begin with. If you find this course to your liking you can enroll for the whole specialization. The instructor is fundamentally clear and easy to understand. Some of the codes may not make sense as of now, but I am pretty sure it will make more sense later on. I felt a little more content could be added to the videos and this would be even more easier to grasp.
The whole course is quite demanding for me who do not need to use programming at work at all.  However, it's challenging and I really feel that I have learnt something.  Even the teaching staff are very helpful and the replies in the forum are very useful in completing the assignment.The final project is a bit difficult but I hope that I could apply it in real life situation.
After studying the course of Andrew on Machine Learning, I want to study a course , which focus on python. I once chose the Machine Learning Specification , but the course use the non open source python packages. And I tried this course. I used about 4 days to finish the 4 weeks, and get myself familiar with pandas though I have no experience on python and pandas programming.
Great overview of Pandas and ETL using Pandas and Python.Assignments and final project were challenging and realistic in terms of how you might use Pandas and Python in real world situations.The auto-grading of projects can be annoying with error messages that aren't clear or accurate. If you aren't clear why an answer isn't accepted, then don't hesitate to search the forum.
It's been a phenomenal course. Highly recommended for new comers. Instructor teaching style was marvelous . Professionalism was there. Moreover course demand reasonable analytic and programming skills to do it properly quickly with proper understanding.  Learnt alot of new ways of data manupulation which i have not done before. Thank You Coursera Team for making it possible
Excellent course with rich mixture of course material from useful video lectures, quizzes, links to published papers and supporting websites, book references, discussion forum and of course the interactive online assignments. I appreciated the course submission process and the ability to check and re-submit assignments. Cant wait to start the next course in the series.
This was a great course to learn Pandas and to feel capable of manipulating data in a Pandas Dataframe.  The class was laid out very well with quality instruction and good examples in the jupyter notebook.  The homeworks are where I learned the most as I really had to understand the material to complete them.  I'm looking forward to the next class in the certificate.
Requires a tremendous amount of self-study and trial and error if you're starting from ground zero in terms of pandas knowledge, but the reward is a level of comfort and facility with pandas dataframe manipulation. Definitely a learning by doing experience. Cleaning datasets and manipulating dataframes turns out to be pretty fun once you start getting the hang of it.
The course is challenging for a newcomer to Python. The instructors rely on the student's self-learning to fill in the gaps needed to solve the course assignments. It's been a great way, albeit a little stressful, way to learn. The course also does an excellent job of keeping the student grounded as to implement a high ethical standard when practicing data science.
This assignments of this course is most useful to solidify your knowledge, and ability to self-study. When in doubt, use Forum, as many students past and present have all shared your frustration and most of all everyone's learning experience, which make this course a great one! Thanks to all instructors, teaching staffs, and fellow students, you guys are wonderful!
It's a nice course for Beginners in Python Programming and who have interest in Data Science. It requires a little dedication and lots of programming. The Discussion Forum is amazing it has everything and special thanks to the Mentors Sophie and Yusuf during the assignments. It requires lots of self-learning and a little research for every programming assignment.
Python is huge. Course helps you focus and apply Python to data science.  Me? was new to Python; was novice at programming; had strong background in math and business (both helpful, but not prerequisite); read "Python for Data Analysis" by Wes Mckinney to supplement lack of programming experience -- focused on numpy and pandas chapters; frequented stack overflow
The gains from completing the assignment itself are very large, although this process is very challenging for me who are not familiar with the Python language. Thanks for the help of the teaching assistant. It is recommended that everyone participate in the discussion while studying the course and learn the contents of the discussion. It will be very rewarding.
Excellent introductory course for data analysis in Python, specifically using Pandas library.I learnt a lot in a short time. Assignments are not easy to solve, they make you think hard, explore more on internet and on user forums, thus making you grasp the topics in depth. This is the best starter course for anyone seeking a career in Data Science using Python.
Although I have been studying and performing data analysis as a beginner this course totally worth the time and effort put on it. Learning to clean code and use Python properly to perform efficient data analysis was quite satisfactory for me. A side dish that I loved was the relevant questions brought for the student to reflect on about ethics in Data Science.
Excellent for anybody who has to manage large amounts of data on a daily basis. I'll admit that the first week I thought, "Whatever, I can do all of this in Excel." Once I got the hang of it, I realized the potential of this material is unmatched, and I started using Python/pandas/NumPy at our machine learning lab to help us with data acquisition and sorting.
this course is ultimate and it really gives us knowledge and confidence because  after passing this course I have completed another course related pandas, and that was very easy going for me.thanks to Coursera and Christopher brooks,I always prefer the University of Michigan courses because their teacher teaches in such a way that u will feel more confident
This course helped me going deeper in the python language, especially for datascience. I learned a lot on two wonderful python librairies : numpy and pandas. The assignments were more complicated than expected but with the help of staff members and classmates I did it. A special thank to Sophie Greene whose intensive comments on the forum were very helpful.
Great intro to data science and some of Python libraries for it.The exercises can be quite difficult, especially if you expect to have all the answers given to you during the lessons. In order to solve some of them you have to search the web to find the commands you need, which I think is a good thing because it teaches an approach useful in real scenarios.
a little more help from the video lectures is expected. The assignments required a lot of self study which is great but at the beginning, every assignment looks daunting and discourages a little. Although the forums helped a lot in getting through this course, but the majority of the roadmap to take, and all other lessons should be included in the videos.
Great course!! I've enjoyed the assignments very much - from my part it required a a lot of individual investigation / reading through posts to find possible solutions but that's only fair since this is an intermediate course. It was a fantastic experience as the assignments felt like real projects. Thanks for everyone making this course possible! Daniel
Very comprehensive in terms of the amount of material covered and the content covered in the material. Covers a lot of model building algorithms in addition to machine learning fundamentals. Has an intuition lecture in addition to the fundamentals which helps a lot! A possible change could be to use R to demonstrate the concepts instead of Matlab/Octave.
The course was very difficult at the start even though I have completed the course on 'Programming for everybody'. I felt that the content was a bit rushed and was not entirely related to the problem sets. But, I learned the most by searching for solutions on Stackoverflow. It is a difficult course to teach, and I felt that the problem sets were great.
This course has proven to be really helpful to me. I was able to learn additional techniques and ways to use the same libraries. It helped in building core concepts and relate the statistics part to the analysis in python. The complexity level of assignments is pretty good, they challenge you and require a overall knowledge. I will highly recommend it.
The course explores different ways to clear data using pandas. The assignments are challenging, since it is impossible to get to the solutions without going through lots of stackoverflow questions. The course also raises questions regarding the future of data and the problems behind the extensive use of pvalues, the p-hacking problem. Very interesting!
This course requires a lot of extra research using the Pandas' documentation and Stack Overflow in order to past the tests, which are very well designed to gained the most important skills. At first I felt this course was very demanding but as I moved forward to the second and third course of the specialization, I realized how much I learned from it.
This course wasn't quite the cakewalk I was expecting it to be, which is perfectly fine! I definitely would recommend this course for anyone looking to pursue data science/machine learning professionally. I learned a lot of skills that employers look for, and have applied the things I've learned here in other course work as well. 5/5 would recommend.
This is the best course and will make sure you learn pandas, the quintessential tool for data analysis in python. The professor teaches almost nothing, lectures are very thin. He picks you and drops in you in the ocean, now either you will learn how to swim or you will quit the course. Not an easy course, and requires a lot of work from the learner.
Please give us clearer instructions and definition of terms for each project.  I don't want to waste time on understanding questions. Besides, it will be great if you can give us more hints on which functions to use, for each question. Because from my experience I find that reading hight quality codes is the best way to learn a language! Thank you.
For the non-programmer, this will take quite a bit longer than you would expect.  Very detailed though and the forums provide a lot of help, fortunately since enough people are taking this course to make community feedback useful.  A few of the instructors are helpful in discussion forums as well, although sadly not all of them are equally helpful.
Even though it was harder than what I expected for an introduction course (actually it says this course requires some previous knowledge and it is an intermediate level course, i just didn't see it), i really liked it. Assignments were very good and they made me learn a lot of things. However, course lecture could be a little bit more explanatory.
Great course. Quite challenging, but the videos gives a lot of informations, so to solve assignments you need only a little of your own research. But you need a lot of your own work in understanding what's going on. Good course, it's not exactly the beginners level, rather beginners +, but after the course you are able to do something on yourself.
This course is very challenging but worthwhile. Having experiences in data analysis with python, I still feel the assignments are really hard to complete. BUT it is really worthwhile, and I improved my skills in python A LOT! The auto-graded system is AWESOME! I sincerely recommend this course and really appreciate the work of the teaching staff!
it was a exceptionally remarkable course for anyone who wishes to persue in the field of Data Science in Python Language. Got a headstart for myself also, and hope that it will lay the proper foundations for my career to become a sucessful one and will also grant me with knowlege in my field!I WILL DEFINITELY COMPLETE THE WHOLE SPECIALIZATION!
This was an outstanding course.   It was a great introduction to pandas, and also some good exposure to data science.    The homework via jupiter notebook was a great way to practice the new skills, and the auto grader is informative and helpful about submission mistakes.    The forum is very well maintained by the staff.   Thanks U-mich!
Very well constructed course. Admittedly, there is a pretty big gap between the content in the lecture and what is needed to finish the programming assignment. However, I think this is by design to help learners understand the content better and to seek solutions outside classroom. Highly recommended for anyone interested in data science.
While this is not an easy course for beginners to python programming, I found it enormously helpful. You'll need to consult other resources to solve the assignments but that was the best part of the course. The assignments taught me much more than just the lectures. Dr. Brooks is a little too fast but you'll adapt tot he pace eventually.
Very rewarding course. As many others have mentioned, the learning curve in the assignments is steep and the time estimate of 4 hours/week is unrealistically short. It took me about three days of full-time work to finish the course. Great into to working with data structures in pandas, data cleaning and basic statistical tests in python.
The explanation of the pandas library was a bit fast in my opinion, but apart from that, the instructor was clear in explaining the usage of the library and its application. A great course overall. I would suggest that a basic understanding of the pandas library would be useful before attempting this course although it is not necessary.
I went into the course expecting the course would be a breeze. Boy! I was wrong. The course start easy on you in the beginning. Week 3 and i'm starting to feel the heat. Books and stackoverflow was my best friend going through this. Thanks for the great course. Teach me a lot of new tricks. Don't be fooled by the word "Introduction to".
It's a very interesting course. very recommended for who wants to acquire Data Science fundamentals using a powerful tool like Python. For who hasn't previous experience with Python it's required an additional time to review examples and docs in the python communities but all assignments are meaningful and the effort has a good payback.
The duration of the course (4 weeks) was ideal. It was manageable as a part time course. The tests helped me a lot to practice and learn the concepts deeply. The forums were very helpful in clarifying the questions.  The video quality was great.Many thanks for this great course which is made available online for free for all the world.
Great introduction to pandas and the basics of data cleaning and preparation. The video lectures are great and the optional readings are interesting. I had a blast working on the assignments and learned quite a bit. I would recommend this as a good starting point to anyone looking to learn how to use python for data analysis purposes!
The course is well structured and clarity of teaching is impressive. The assignments have a good mix of easy and progressively tougher questions that build on the syllabus and challenge you to manipulate data in your own way. I can warmly recommend this course to anyone who wants to begin manipulating and analysing data using python.
Worthwhile course. Tougher than I expected and a good start for my Python learning. This course focuses on assignments which challenge your understanding with real world data.Would definitely recommend to someone who is beginning their education in Python and Data Science, but has a general understanding of both before they begin.
Thank you very much for this course. I really enjoyed the level of the course. In particular the fact that a decent amount of research was needed to work on the assignment. A few issues with the programming assignment. Especially at the beginning. I am assuming this is because this is the first version that uses jupyter notebooks.
The course is very useful and really brought me into the practical use of pandas. While following this course, I do my office work and research work using pandas, and it helped a lot. Knowing that I could use some pandas' feature (informed in the course) and extend the feature's knowledge by reading online forum is really excited
I learned A LOT during this course. I was even able to apply some of this knowledge at work after week 2 (and I do not have a technical job - I do this on my own time).It did feel a little complicated at some times. Some more detailed explanations in the assignments could help. We don't always know what the autograder expects...
I strongly recommend this course to people with zero knowledge of Data Science, but also to people with some experience that want to switch from R to Python or to freshen up their knowledge. Also I really liked the assessments, they were challenging enough to really learn something. I think they are the courses main strength.
Great hands-on course on Python pandas. The assignments are from intermediate to hard and instructions are not rather clear, but everything could be solved using pandas documentation and discussions forum.The biggest advantage of the course is that it makes one think, dig documentation and practice pandas real-world examples.
This is a very well organized course with a great introduction to data science. In a short time of 4 weeks, it covers Python basics, Padans library, and some very basic introduction to statistics in data science. The assignments are well desgined, and the mentors are very helpful in the forums. I highly recommend this course.
Excellent course with learns you the basics of python for data science. Prof. Brooks has a very clear way of explaining things. Some experience with programming in for example R or Matlab comes in handy, especially for the assignments, so I would opt for a more introductory course to Python if you don't have that experience.
Many of the questions in the  Assignments were written in a confusing manner thus requiring a LOT of time to figure out what the request was.  However, the WHOLE course and the learning was absolutely outstanding.  Thank you for putting this course together and the Forum information that helped to figure out the Assignments.
This is an excellent starting point for people broadly familiar with data analysis and programming but unfamiliar with pandas/python. The only minor complaint I would have is that sometimes the questions for assignments are a little vague. Overall, for me, this course was perfectly paced and the lectures are staggered well.
This course is an overwiew of the data science tools in Python 3, very good place to start for beginners. I did not have any prior python lang experience before i started this course, but now i feel much comfortable importing, manipulating data and draw conclusions about it. Thanks for making it happen TA's and Mr. Brooks!
Very comprehensive introduction to Pandas. However, assignments could have been more clear and there are certain questions on the coding assignments that are problematic. For example, one question on Assignment 3 is (according to the discussion forums) subject to a bug that causes the autograder to incorrectly dock points.
Wonderful, wonderful course!

I had been very familiar SQL before I started the course. But now I can do everything I used to do in SQL (data cleansing, data manipulation, aggregation, ranking etc.), and a lot more, with Python.  

I now feel very comfortable with Python and looking forward to do more with this knowledge.
What a fantastic course to get you into data science.  Real world examples, relevant discussion articles on ethics and privacy.  Just make sure you know some Python, or are an experienced programmer as there is a lot of "applied" work to make you really learn things, and you need a good structured problem-solving mindset.
I got the opportunity of learning Python Basics through Dr Chunk's Python for Every Body, Now through this course I got the hands on experience of working with Data in Python using NumPy and Pandas, ya Its awsome journey overall. Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan for bringing us such a great Learning opportunity.
Really handy and useful materials. However, if we can share our codes online after receiving the certificate will be really helpful. Cause although I finished the course, I still find some of my code is repetitive and not pandorable, and I would like to learn from other talents. Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan.
The project that is the end assignment is a very interesting exercise with real life application of information that is readly available to the public for real-world decisions.Aside from that, it is a great course that scratchs the surface of what Pandas can do and open wide open all the possibilities it can give you :D
During the course duration, many times I felt that there are lot of ambiguities in the assignments and they really tested my nerves and patience. Often due to version change, I got errors in my assignment but like everyone says "All's well that end's well". Happy to receive the certificate from University of Michigan.
I loved this course module and resources. More specifically Christopher Brooks's references helped me a lot to strengthen my Python panda knowledge and statistics knowledge. To me, assignment 3 and 4 was challenging but while I started to solved it I learned something extra form python documentation and StackOverflow.
excellent course! learned a great deal of things. before-hand knowledge and basic python and basic stats helped. Perfect course for a beginner wanting to learn data science. The assignments were slightly more difficult than what i expected but the discussion forums helped a lot when i was stuck. Highly recommend it.
Excellent course! Some experience of using Python is required beforehand and the recommended course at UM on coursera is an excellent start. This course give you a short but effective introduction to to overall structure of Python, how to use the pandas library and associated data types as well as some use of numpy.
It was my first python experience ever, so it was hard. But the course materials are very well described and detailed, so if you are motivated enough - you definitely can do it and enjoy it. Also all knowleges are applicable to real life since the very first week, so this course is really helpfull. Highly recommend!
Great introductory course to using python for a (more or less) full data science project ! Of course much more can be done, but this course serves as a good intro Numpy, Pandas and some basic statistical operations from SciPy that build a solid foundation for expanding on the data science process in other courses.
A quick introduction to Python and Data Science. The assignments are not as easy as you might think. To those who feel the assignment of Week 4 daunting, keep going -- data cleaning per se is not a difficult task yet a somewhat tedious one.Thanks to the course team. I shall continue towards the following courses.
I'd been hacking with pandas for a while, but I never felt I'd truly grasped it.  In fact, I'd often switch to using multi-dimesional numpy arrays instead of dataframes.  After taking this course, I now fully understand how to use pandas dataframes and will be using them regularly for data analysis going forward.
Great course.  I feel like I learned a lot of new information and can start working on my own projects.  It would have been nice to have access to some of the instructor or expert solutions to see how my solutions compared but I would assume they do not want to post them to maintain the integrity of the course.
Outstandingly well composed and presented in every way. The inclusion of an actual programming environment that actually verifies your efforts is incredibly rewarding - far more so than having to complete a three multiple choice questions and discussion to pass an entire course! Cannot recommend highly enough.
The course teach me a lot. I didn't have previous experience in Python so it was quite challenging. It gave me  solid foundation to start learning more about Data Analysis in Python. However, from time to time, I found the Assignments very challenging and I need to search a lot in outside sources to complete.
This was a really interesting course.  The homeworks were very challenging and took longer than I anticipated, but because of this, I learned a lot.  The only complaint I would say is that I posted a question on the forum and never received a response.  I wish there was a better way to get questions answered.
I am an undergraduate Physics student who intends to delve into the remarkable field of Data Science and Machine learning. I think this course is an absolute beauty to beginners like me. I am glad that I found this course. The lectures are wonderfully delivered and each and every concept is nicely explained.
I really enjoyed this course. It did not only helped me to enhance my knowledge in python, it also improved my logical reasoning. This course has definitely aided me to develop my professional skills and broaden my knowledge about what a data scientist do. I just wish it had an upgraded version of Jupyter.
Very good course. The Instructor is very good at explaining the concepts. The content in the assignments was very well chosen and help in getting a better understanding of the concepts. The teaching assistant was also good at explaining. All in all a very good introductory course... definitely recommended!
This is one of the best course for a beginner in data science. The assignments provided and the quality of information provided and the emphasis on self learning, making familiar us with websites like StackOverflow and GitHub and Geeks for geeks which are some of the top websites in this programming world
This course enables me to practice a lot on my programming skills. This course emphasise a lot on hands-on exercise and require abundant amount of self-learning over the network. The friends and teaching staff in the discussion forum are also friendly and the forum is so useful in solving the assignments.
Great course in hands-on experience with Python on data analytics. Before the class, I took a intro class to Python in my school covering basic commands, and thought this Coursera course would be kind of easy. But it turned out to be a very intensive one. I take more than 6 hours to complete the homework.
One excellent class to start understand and practicing Python's numpy and pandas. The instruction and course structure are great. I really like the assignment because they gave me chance to use the code syntax/knowledge I just learned. If your job involve working with data, I highly recommend this class.
This is a fantastic introduction to Data Science using Python. It's challenging enough and I love the way Jupyter has been integrated to help with assignments. I love the fact that they encourage using independent research to solve some of the problems as this is a critical skill for any data scientist.
This Course is very challenging and assignments very tricky. It covers lot of thing regarding python. Just one suggestion I know this course was not for beginners however Please try to give more explanation in video. Discussion Forum was Fantastic.  Solved many doubts and explain the program in detail.
very good course. It requires a lot of self learning, I think that is also the core of online education. However, the python assignment has some trivial problems. like in some cases, I already have the obvious right answer, but the system has judge it incorrectly, and just have no idea what's going on.
This is the best ever of all courses I took on MOOC. It was well prepared, Clear, fast paced, informational, challenging, and with appropriate exercises.  Sometime I had to pool my hair to get things done and spent a lot of time, but it was fun and worthwhile. I thank Christopher Brooks and the team. I
Excellent course to acquire skills in data manipulation and data wrangling. Excellent hands on experience with pandas and numpy functionalities. The assignments and the project are the main highlight of the course. High level of practical understanding is attained through working on these assignments
As someone with a statistics background and a bit of programming experience, I found this course to be both challenging and rewarding. The videos with embedded example questions were great, and jupyter notebook homework assignments are so much better for learning the material than regular quizzes.
The course is a bit challenge but finally I passed it. It's not like a beginner class that everyone could finish all the assignment very easily instead we have to finish them by ourself through the Stackflow or the Forums to get the informations we need so that we could solve all the problems.
Enjoyed the course. The assignments are quite challenging if you are a beginner. It tests your skills thoroughly about all the topics. I need to google a lot to find solutions to several pieces of problems. It helped me to learn new things from the documentation and stackflow in the meantime.
This course fulfills what it promises, it's more than just a Python programming course, but less than a full fledged data science/applied statistics course. The materials are well structured, the workload is adequate and the learning is enhanced by the optional readings. Strongly recommended.
Introduces the concepts and gives you the tools to learn more and gives you exercises that have you apply your learning.  By the end I felt I really had a grasp of pandas and a good idea of where I would look further to grow my understanding of Data Science and the tools available in Python.
This course is a wonderful package for anyone starting in the field of Data Science. Mentors of the course were very active in the discussion forum which helped me quite a lot during the course of the assignment, which I believe were quite challenging but a lot of fun. Thanka a lot Coursera.
This is a very good introductory course with hands-on exercises and assignments. The course platform is very good and easy to adapt, nothing to worry about installing python or pandas, etc. Recommend it for the ones who knows python and wants to go into data science using Python and Pandas!!
For me it has been a very interesting course with really useful exercises. The course videos and notebooks were helpful alongside all the documentation available in the internet like pandas documentation and also stackoverflow. Now I am able to use pandas or find my way with it comfortably.
A very good for learning the basic tools in Python, needed to delve deeper into data science. However, unless you already have experience with python and pandas, I would take the time estimates in the course as a very conservative estimate of the effort needed to complete the assignments!!!
I was really impressed with the assignments for this course - they really required you to expand on your knowledge looking up documentation and discussion forums to answer the questions. Although they were challenging, I really enjoyed the difficulty which is rare with most online courses.
It was a great course, however the homework requirements requires a ton of time. The lectures make it sound easy but assignments are too difficult and convoluted. I would suggest breaking down the assignments into smaller pieces rather than single output large questions with a 50% scoring.
Great course, demands a lot of self learning to be done, definitely not for those who expect to be spoon fed. It's very frustrating at times when you've got to put in a lot of hours for a single question, but in the end the course makes sure you learn at least about 70% of what is taught.
Best course I've taken so far, I feel more confident about my knowledge in data science, especially working with pandas library. I can say that this course is a huge step in my journey to becoming a data scientist. Thank you University of Michigan and it's tutors for the great experience!
a very hands-on course. this course not only just teaches your the basics of this subject, but also encourages you to seek and acquire domain knowledge from various online sources and try out various ways of solving problems by yourself, which in my opinion is much important for a coder.
Only giving this course 5 stars due to the structure of the assignments. They really implore you to go out and learn on your own to solve the problem. The videos themselves i found subpar, the lecturer talked too fast and didn't show enough coding or example to really grasp the concept.
The course was built for an online platform such as Coursera. The instructors are great and the theory is easy to follow with the Jupyter notebook. The assignments are relevant to the course material. I liked using Jupyter notebooks to complete them and get the grade almost immediately.
This course become heavy in self learning which is a very much as it is in the real world. The online forums were very helpful for clearing up any confusion about assignments. The assignments were difficult at times but provide enough real life scenarios for learning python and pandas.
Challenging and well worth the effort. This course shows you the basics of what they need you to do then leave you to research on what you need to do to combine said skills, and a few other supplemental skills you need, making sure you generalise and are able to work in the real world.
The Course was really good to make people understand what it means to be a Data Scientist. The projects are very involving and I enjoyed every part of it. The lectures for last week weren't as elaborate on the topics in my opinion, but the course along with the projects was very neat.
Great introduction to data science techniques if you have some prior experience with Python. The assignments were pretty challenging for me because I am newer to this, but they really taught me how to search for answers online. Much more confident in my python data science skills now!
Some of the questions were unclear, resulting me having to guess what the questions are asking for, and spent lots of time browsing through the forum. Understand that the autograder is necessary, but perhaps the questions could be worded more carefully to avoid unnecessary confusion.
it is a really good class, very informative and gives you a really good base in how to use pandas, numpy.  my only complaint was that is was to fast.  I did not feel that there was enough explanation for each concept. the homework took me a lot longer then the time it said it would.
This course is highly recommended, as after completing this course you should be ready to analyze your data, clean your datasets, and manipulate it. Also, it includes hypothesis testing, which you can apply on any data-sets to get answers to many insightful questions for that data.
THe course offered great new stricks and code hacks that would reduce the number of codes dramatically and makes the code a lot cleaner and readable. We have been doing similar stuff the hard way. So it is very refreshing to know how easily it can be done particularly with Pandas.
See guys, the course will truly help you in starting something big but the professors wont teach you everything they will obviously give you a hand and you are the one who need to stand up. So if you are ready to work hard, remember the word "work hard", then only take it.......
Very helpful introduction to pandas.  I can already think of several applications.  The Jupyter notebooks accompanying the lectures were very helpful.  The assignments were well thought out, and the TA posted some helpful commentary to resolve some ambiguity in the instructions.
Very good course! The best way to learn any languages is to use it. Having assignments graded really pushed me to write in Python. The teaching assistant Yusuf always replied to students' questions very promptly, which made this learning experience even better. Thank you Yusuf!
It was a great course! I definitely improved on my use of the pandas library and learned a great ton of its functionalities and how it can be used to test hypothesis on groups of data. It really is quite a helpful tool to perform analysis on big amounts of data in little time.
A very challenging course. The assignments are the best part of the course and it takes up a lot of time and patience to complete them. The discussion forum is fairly engaging and the mentors are very responsive. Overall, this course is a big boost in the field of Data science
The only problem is that the notebook connection to server is quite weak. Sometimes I got rated 0 for failing to saving my latest answer. The overall class is well-paced and the difficulty level of the assignments are quite well organized too. Would recommend it to beginners.
Good course to learn the basics of Python that you need for data science. You would be doing any machine learning in this course, but you'll learn how to do data prep and analysis in Python. Highly recommend if you have no to limited experience with Python, NumPy and Pandas.
Very well-designed introduction course! The videos are concise but don't lose any key points. The assignments are a little bit hard starting from Week 3, while students can learn many application skills in Data Science from them. Looking forward to the following courses! :-)
This course gave me perfect start as I already learned python before registering for this course. The way things are in this course, makes you do stuff on your own and always encourages you to learn the topic and apply the learned things practically and it really helped me.
The videos and programming assignments were engaging and challenging. I was able to start applying the lessons immediately at work and have looked back at my notes several times while writing Python code for a data science project at work. Looking forward to the next class!
The course content is crisp. I like it that the course doesnot delve much into the coding and syntax part of it. It develops your concept of the topics which is a good thing. Not a very rigorous course, good for starting with the basics and strengthening your fundamentals.
This is a really great course. Christopher Brooks teaches in a very clear and objective way, in addition to the weekly assignments that are challenging and puts into practice all the content you've learned trough the videos and the material. I really recommend this course!
Excellent course!I really enjoyed doing the assignments and I learned a lot from them. However I think some need a little clarification. If it weren't for the forums I would be stuck in the 3rd and 4th. The recession interval was particularlly hard to find (assignment 4).
Great course, the assignments require you to think and apply the course materials. Not too easy, but also not too difficult, since information is widely available to get familiar with the python programming. Requires learning by doing, which is the best way in my opinion.
good course, hard homework, especially pay a lot of attention to the details, and don't know whether it's good or bad, after all time is limited, and I don't know whether this kind of homework is a good way to improve our ability. Pay too much time to refine some details.
Best Course so Far, This is what every MOOC should be structured actually, it forces not to rely on the content but to really understand the concept you need to search. Great community, All my doubts are already there in the Forums, Scored 95% but still grinding for 100%
The assignments of the course are hard and make you go deep into python,
to try to find the answers. I spent more time than I expected on it, but once
my target is knowledge I really enjoy. Recommend!  (Attention: It is strongly recommend knows programming
before enroll)
Very good course with a solid introduction to data cleaning concepts in python and how to approach a few problems using different datasets and concepts. I already started applying the concepts at my work and the results were satisfactory. I totally recommend the course.
Pace was okay and content of the lectures was understandable. The assignments are a little hard since it requires you to discover outside of what is taught but gives you much greater exposure and allows you to practice more. Overall a good introduction to data science.
Really good materials. Pace of course works very well for me. It covers a wide ranges of topic in python. But i think somebody with limited knowledge of python will struggle a bit with some complicated concepts in pandas (slicing, groupby, index...)Overall. Good course
It is a great, brief introduction to Pandas. I think it is ideal for someone who already knows Python but doesn't have much experience with Pandas. Lectures are well structured with quizzes interspersed. Homework assignments are also well structured and use real data.
I've learned a lot of courses on Coursera, and I found this course the toughest but the most rewarding.I can't say that after this course I became an expert in Python-Pandas, but I've really learned tons of analytical skills. Thanks to lecturer and all the faculties.
The videos maybe fast, but the assignments are really good. Passing the assignment involves doing a lot of research and data cleaning which really makes one familiar with all the numpy and pandas library. At the end, one gets very comfortable with Pandas dataframes.
Good course with a wide variety of challenging exercices.Had to go back and forth many times, do my own research on internet to get the problem solved.The formulation in some questions must be improved in other to understand what we're asked to do in the first read.
This is a great course if you want an introduction to data analysis. I liked everything in this course, from the instructor's soothing voice to the weekly assignments. I'd recommend downloading the videos and watching them twice before moving on to the assignments.
Great Course. Videos are a bit fast and doesn't cover enough for the the assignments which are quite challenging. But in my opinion, that is how it should be. It will help students to search and find answers and correct errors. The discussion forums were great too.
Great experience , online video's explained the idea of the concept but the learner need to practice off line mode a lot to get through all the concepts listed in the course and assignment. these practices will improve self learning skill and confidence. Thank you.
I enjoyed the way the Professor presents the concepts with real and interesting examples. The exercises during the presentation was an extra motivation. And I appreciated that each assignment was well selected with real data. The mentors and staff in the discussion
This course is the absolute best for beginners in Data Science in Python. In my opinion, the assignments were a huge part of gaining knowledge. The discussion forums and the cooperativeness among students and staff members makes the learning process more friendly.
Great course! Learn a ton while during the assignment notebook. The question (seq related) was really impressive. Since this is my first time to tackle this problem, I thought SQL is more direct. However, this course give you python insight to tackle this issue.
This course gives you all the basic stuff and builds a foundation for deep learning. I need to say it wasn't easy. I did test automation and dsp projects in college but I needed to give around 7-8 hours a week to complete this course. Take it if you are serious.
Very nice course. Not easy enough. Will get you working and assignments will take a toll on you. All these are indications of a good course worth the time, money and energy. I really appreciate the precise lectures and well designed assignments, very effective.
Very good course, with good difficulty, tools and materialsBut there is some problems with assestments as old autograder's version and bad formulating of tasks, but instructors in forums are great (responded me in a hour or less)I hightly recommend this course
I love this course. It is really nice, and get you from the basics to thinking and working in a really professional way with python, makes you develop your skills and practice a lot. And gives you a lot to think and makes you try hard to find your own answers.
Very difficult if you are unfamiliar with python, but achievable.  Assignments can be frustrating to get just right for the autograder, but you learn important subtleties in the meantime. Cannot wait to complete the rest of the courses in this specialization!!
The course is well detailed and I enjoyed it. But I felt like there should have been more examples to explain distributions in week 4 as there was theoretical explanation and article to understand concept but practical makes it more easy to grab the concept.
Ideal for people starting with python, numpy and pandas. Assigments require lot of personal research but it is all in google. Forum is also very handy. What I love the course the most is the amount of exercises that make you practise a lot. Highly recomended
I never thought this Data Science course was going to be that challenging and exciting at the same time. I have really enjoyed this first course and I am about to enroll for the coming courses. Well explained concepts and very comprehensive videos. Congrats!
Amazing Training on Python Data Science, doing the course assignment its like read the book Python for data analysis. I believe this course is not trivial and is not intermediate level, is an advanced level, Is a real challenge.  Definitively i recommend it.
Extremely recommended to gather the basic fundamental concepts of Data Science. The external resources provided are extremely informative. The assignments encourage exploring on our own. The respected instructor's way of teaching and narration is intuitive.
This is a really good course that can help you to get the basic knowledge about the usefulness and power of Python in Data Science. I feel like the videos could have been a little not information and not so rushed. That being said, it is a wonderful course!
I learned from the assignments. Even though it says each of the assignment should take about 4 hours. I spent much more. It wasn't felt daunting. It is just a lot of little tricks and tips you need to figure out yourself to complete the task. Thank you! :D
Good course for those people who are new to Data Science or looking to switch your field to Data Science. It course helps you learn by doing a lot of problems so as to get you acquainted with the Data Science. Highly recommend for new comers to this field.
It is good, but definitely not for beginners. The assignments require quite a bit of prior knowledge on programming and statistics. To be fair, this is mentioned by the professor on numerous occasions as well. It took me about 15h to complete the course.
The course is well planned .Before starting this course you should have basic understanding of Python , numpy and Panda.After completing this you will know techniques for data cleanup , reading and updaing a dataframe and many more  other ideas. Thanks.
This is a great class. I didi not know Python very well, so I had to look up a bunch of stuff and I struggled on the lab assignments. But I was able to complete everything!  I learned a great deal about data frames. Looking forward to the second course.
This Course is wonderful for someone who has just started their learning path towards being a data scientist. It has all the basic exercises to be done to gain the kick starter knowledge on the numpy, pandas library for data wrangling and data analysis.
Really useful. The approach of 'learn by yourself by solving this assignment + active discussion forums frequently visitied by the teaching staff where you can get a solution for any issue that shows up' is a good one for learning a programming language
I really enjoyed the experience. The videos are precise and give examples for the materials discussed. However it feels a bit sparse on the overall length. On the other hand the exercises test the knowledge acquired through the course and self learning.
Thank you once again Courser and Team for their generous contribution towards students across globe. The teachers and courses mentors specially Sophie who was awesome during the assignment for her nice clarification. This course was challenging but fun.
This is exactly the course you need to get started and familiar with Pandas. The home work requires a lot of self-study, which i enjoyed a lot. Only thing is that you have to wait until the end of the course to see best practice code for all home works.
It was an awesome course and learned a lot from it, although you have to search lots of things while submitting the assignments, but at last you will learn a lot, do remember to complete the assignments beforehand because some might take a lot of time
This was a very good and most importantly intense hands on course. I could develop good amount of skills in data analysis even though I was not aware of anything in the field. I recommend it to all who wish to start learning data science from scratch.
The Lectures are good but the assignments are tedious and you will have to browse the net and documents for the answers. The difficulty level of assignments is excellent and it prepares you for the future roles and codes in your data science journey.
This course is a great introduction to the Data Science World and provides essential knowledge in the field. Moreover, Professor Chris Brooks explains all the topics in an understandable way, which makes the course contents clear and easy to follow.
A course for all who want to start pandas. Nice and useful jupyter notebooks. Useful assignments on real data. Forum helped me to get over obstacles. After completing that course one should feel some steps closer to be a professional data scientist.
This is a fantastic introductory data science course on Python! I was wondered by the course structure, in-browser code editing and submitting. The first course which granted me an understanding of data cleansing, pandas and python for data science.
The course is very helpful, especially for a people not using python before. It provides solid python knowledge related with data science. The lesson is compact and clear. The assignment is not easy, I spent much more time than the hours suggested.
The course is quite good. But to complete the course, one will have to make an effort to learn python programming language from external sources as well. Overall, i feel that i learnt a lot after completing the assignments included in this course.
Really well structuredI took this course with no basics in python and then it can be a bit too hard... course items are only mentioned once so on the assigments it can be hard if u havent understood all of the material. Well made course!Thank you!
This is a brilliant course for anyone starting in data science. I recommend you have good basic knowledge in python. The most challenging part were the assignments and solving them brings the most learning. Forums are very useful in solving them.
it's start with basic and then jump on fundamental without wasting time!The course is really good for managing larger datasets. in introduction there are lots of example for data manipulation and little intro about statistics and machine learning
Guys, you are AWESOME!I started learning Python  6 month ago with Dr. Chucks course "Python for Everyone". Then completed this one. Now I can code and apply this skills to do my job!Thank you all!PS. 4 more courses to complete. Challenge accepted
The course was well structured and comprehensive, the instructor communicated the concepts clearly, and the level of difficulty of the ssignments was just right to pose a challenge and force you to learn how to apply the concepts. Great course!
Very good course for any level data scientists. Prof. Brooks teaches from basic concepts to advanced level very well and in a neat way that no other teacher can. This course covers pandas, numpy, stats, hypothesis etc with programming examples.
Nothing is spoon-fed and you are expected to self study but that is a positive since it is the only way properly learn. It might be a little fast for new comers but it has a great pacing if you already have familiarity with the basic concepts.
This is one of the best courses that I have come across for Data Pre-processing and the pedagogy used completely mimics that of the University of Michigan where the onus of learning is on students and the faculties just act as a guiding hand.
Wow this was one challenging course! I am someone who started his data science journey a couple months ago, from scratch, and some of the questions on the assignments in this course will definitely challenge you, if like me, you're a starter!
I really like the pandas library works, i had the little background with R. So learning with this python was quite easy to do it. And also i find it sufficient enough for introduction. Assignment were good to test skill and had fun doing it.
I found this course challenging especially during weeks 3 and 4. In order to pass I had to do a great deal of data cleaning and for this a good knowledge of Python is a must. I highly recommend this course as an introduction to Data Science.
This course is a little bit hard cause you need to do some self training regarding python and pandas. Yet that's exactly what the real world is. So I accepted this style. The forum discussion for this course is very helpful to pass the exam.
Really good course. Provides ample time to figure out things. Does not penalize for slightly late submissions which is good for busy people. Teaches the fundamentals and asks tougher questions in assignments. Does not spoon feed the answers.
This is a great course. A very contentful course. The best thing about the course is that it's challenging assignments..!!I had faced  a bit of problem in the lectures, as I had to watch the video multiple number of times to understand it..
If you are thinking of doing something in the field of machine learning and Artificial intelligence . If data science is your passin. if you love playing with numbers . if your math teacher is boring ,  you need to take this specialisation.
Great course, but took a lot longer than I expected to do the homework assignments thoroughly. Instead of 2-3 hours, I usually took 5+ hours. The final assignment took me a really long time because of some technical problems with Jupyter.
Great introduction to doing data science in Python with Pandas. Combined with the later courses in the specialization (the next one is Applied Plotting, Charting, & Data Representation in Python), you will have a strong command of Pandas.
Very much challenging course. I just love the way you guys presented and delivered stuff.Extremely helpful for the further endeavor. I can't wait to continue with the remaining modules.Special thanks to Christopher Brooks Appreciated  !!
Great course. Well presented videos and relevant assignments.  One small thing on the negative side. The course runs on an older pandas version, you should really upgrade this so we don't have to google "how it was done on pandas 0.19.1"
This course covers basics of pandas dataframes. So useful for amateur/advanced programmers who want to start learning data science. The assignments are very good and help students learn how to pre-process and use data retrieved from web.
The difficulty of the excersises made it a good and challenging learning experience. Sometimes it was not possible to continue the rest of the excersises in the assignment if a previous question was not correct, this should be possible.
In the beginning I thought that the course should have more Tips and Help to the student.After finishing it, I understand that having the ability to search for the solution without too helping is good to produce the data science skills.
The course is on some difficult level..But doing assignments is like challenging your self to how much extend you know the programming skills. But we need to spend good amount of time on forums and stack overflow to clarify our doubts.
It is well structured course you will find online about Data Science. All the aspects of a MOOC: like reading materials, videos tutorials, quizzes and assignments are included. Three words for this MOOC: Simple, Elegant and Structured.
I was able to solve the assignments from the discussion and not really from the lectures. I am thinking I should have spent more time reading the discussions (like a textbook) than listening to the lectures. The lectures are too basic
Challenging assignments, prompt response for queries raised in the discussion forum, 5 star for Yusuf for pushing in the direction of the issue without giving out too much, short crisp videos, forces you to refer additional resources.
At first I thought it wouldn't take long because it consists of only 4 weeks but I was wrong! It did't take me a month but definitely more than I expected. Thanks to Coursera and U. of Michigan, I had get to practice a lot. Thank you!
This course of data cleaning is very good. But the tips provided are very high level. It is not easy for a beginner to reach the assignment expectations. I encourage to provide more depth in data manipulation techniques with examples.
The professors are excellent though videos are taught at a very fast pace, mostly at the end of the course where more difficult concepts are shared. The excercises are really challenging but made me feel competent when I solved them.
this course has been very challenging for me. it pushed me to learn different things by myself and the assignments were really amazing. thanks to you Mr professor, it was an amazing experience since this was my first online course.
This isn't a course for beginners. You shall be familiarised with Python, at least. The pace is excellent and the assignments are challenging. If you wanna improve your abilities with Pandas and Python, I recommend you this course.
THE COURSE WAS ONE OF THE VERY BEST COURSE I EVER HAD , THE LESSONS ARE VERY INTERESTING AND ALSO THE ASSIGNMENTS ARE VERY WELL FRAMED , WITH A VERY INTERMEDIATE KNOWLEDGE IN PYTHON ONE CAN TAKE THIS COURSE WITH OUT ANY HESITATION.
Excellant course! Though I found that Week 2 content was not very clear. I felt that there should me more information on dataframes and series because it would be easier to understand then. Overall a very good experience. Thank You
This course made a lot of fun and allows to work in an open style with problems.For an unexpierienced python programmer it's to hard. When you have experience, it's a lot of fun. Thanks Christopher Brooks for the excellent course.
Nice Course I learn so many topics on the introduction to data science in python as in python course covered the all python topics from basic to advance after that NumPy and panda course topics also good.I loved this course.Thanks
I learned a great deal of the fundamental python. It's a good refresher course for someone who has some python/programming experience or an absolute beginner. I recommend this course to someone who wants to use python on projects.
I enjoyed the course very much. I would like to suggest though that solutions to assignments could be unblocked or a video explaining the main points in the assignment and the pandorable way to do it.Thanks for the course,Benigno.
A hands on course on the basic tools needed to process data from experiments, web data, etc. The final assignment demands everything learned througout the course and it's a perfect example for what one would face on a daily basis.
Dr. Chuck (the instructor) is very thorough and detailed in his explanation of concepts.Since the target audience is individuals who do not have/ have a little background in programming, the speed is ideal.Assignments are helpful
Even if you know nothing about Data Science with Python, this course is a great place to start. Videos are concise and Assignments are elaborate. It took me more than the hours mentioned but it was a great learning experience. :)
It is quite challenging, I think learner with moderate initiative / motivation might not be able to complete this course. There lots of Googling and Stackoverflow needed to solve almost all assignment, especially 3rd and 4th one.
I am really grateful to coursera for giving me the oppourtunity to complete introduction to datascience with python,the lectures were really very helpful ,they helped a lot in clearing the concepts of numpy ,pandas,datetime etc.
This course is an amazing introduction to the potential uses of Python in Data Science. You do need to know some basic Python before starting (your life will be easier), but the lectures are really good (self learning required).
Awesome course, it provided me just right amount of difficulty. It focuses more on self learning but the faculties support you when you are stuck in very short time. Glad i took this course. I can suggest this course to anyone.
Everything is good, specifically for the beginners, right from the delivering the content to forming the assignments and the quick assistance to the queries.I would like to thanks Christopher Brooks for such a great experience.
An ideal course to start off your Data Science with Python journey. Some of the important topics are not covered in-depth. Learners will have to refer to external notes, documentation to get better understanding of the content.
I learned a lot about Pandas having this class being my introduction to it, but needs to be upgraded. And not only did I learn about Pandas but also about troubleshooting code which also led to a better understanding of Pandas.
Great course!!!! The explanations and lectures are really helpful and the forum discussions are interesting, but the main feature is certainly the assignments, really challenging but at the same time a real learning experience!
This has been a eye opening experience, it allows you to thing about normal life and the way we handle data differently, the course is very bast to be an introduction level but I didn't mind it at all, I'm happy it is this way.
This class was super useful. I had a minimal amount of base Python under my belt and some data analysis in R, but this course really got me off the ground using the pandas data analysis library for Python and Jupyter notebooks.
Fantastic course. Quite challenging but it is really worth for people looking to learn python and some of the key concepts in data science. I definitely will continue with the following python courses part of the specialization
I found this course amazing. I learnt a lot of stuff from basics and it helped me understand from the scratch. I learnt numpy, pandas and python programming and I am looking forward for another course from the same instructor.
Great introduction course. Certainly challenging. The forum is particularly helpful in not just helping you get clarity towards the answer, but also seeing how other code might be structured to be more efficient than your own.
Solid course that takes you from simple concepts to relatively complicated content for beginners.  The autograder on the assignments can be painful but the forums are very helpful in getting issues resolved relatively quickly.
excellent. jupyter is a cool tool. useing datetime to resamling data is an convinient way.merge dateframe is better than use mysql table.normal distribution and chi-distribution, t distribution gave me some idea to learn more.
It may seem extremely hard for someone. Takes a lot of time to overcome complicated assignments. Require a lot of searching and experimenting. After the course you'll feel tired, but you will be able to manipulate data nicely.
It was an awesome experience of learning Pandas. The course materials & specially the Assignments cleared the concepts absolutely clear !!!BIg Thanks to Coursera & University of Michigan for putting such an awesome course !!!
The tutorial is challenging but Sophie very likely offers help on the discussion forum. I have been coding for two years by self-learning but this course reinforces my learning and the tutorial practice did improve my skills.
Well thought out and right level of difficultly. Course covers it at right pace. One might think that this course is difficult, if they don't have programming background. The professor and the Staff were very helpful as well.
As an intermediate Python programmer with some data science experience, this course offered very valuable lessons and challenging assignments.  Would highly recommend for those interested in pursuing a career in data science
awesome content and practices question is too good it give me clear vision about data Science.Christopher Brooks sir teaching very cool manner. it was great point to make interest thanks Courserathanks Christopher Brooks sir
Very interesting and challenging course. It gives you the big picture about Data Science and all the advantages Python has to deal with it.  I recommend it if you are minded to  expend a couple hours researching by yourself.
I have learn a lot from this course. I learn how to visualize data and manupilate. Thank to Christopher Brooks to teach me this course and I am highly recommend this course to all those want to do somrething in data science.
Very complete and challenging course. Highly recommend to those who want to get the basics (as it was in my case). Staff is very supportive and constantly answering on the forums.Congratulations to the University of Michigan
great hands on course, with challenging exercises and fast paced lectures.the homework assignments need some rephrasing, as it is not always clear whats being asked.looking forward to the second course in this specialization
I have done a number of courses on Coursera, but this one is different and just awesome.  Programming exercises are intuitive and need genuine homework to solve the given problem.  I really enjoyed my time with this course.
Nice start for learning Data science. Jupiter notebook helps a lot it is very convenient.Instructors are very nice they always ready to clear your doubts. Discussion forum was the best part. It helped learning thing our own
Excellent introduction on data manipulation through pandas. The assignments were challenging and insightful. Even from a perspective of a Data Scientist, this course uncovers how much of the fundamentals I am yet to learn.
I really liked working on the assignments. I had initially audited the course. later converted to graded version just for the assignments. It was worth it as it greatly helped in improving my understanding of the concepts.
This was very challenging but extremely interesting for me. I have only started coding in python about a month ago. This course was delight and lectures were very informative and helpful and TA's were awesome. Keep it up.
It's really a useful course, although the video knowledge is not sufficient for you to finish your assignments, you need to read extra documents by learning things helpful for your grades. At last, try work hard for that.
It is awesome and we get our hands dirty on real world problems that one can put in their portfolio and showcase what you can do so I would recommend it to anyone willing to study  Data science this is the place to start
This course has improved my skills in python pandas library. Now I am very much comfortable to start machine learning with Python. Thanks to Christopher Brooks for his efficient way of teaching and excellent assignments.
Great class!  Right amount of challenging for someone with some Python (or scripting) background to cover some useful Pandas scenarios.  Only critique is the coding challenges would be better if error logs were provided.
Great course for beginners in data science with some knowledge in python. Nice techniques for data cleaning and transformation are shown. But one needs more than what is in the lecture videos to complete the assignments.
The course introduces very basic skills to Data Science using Python. In my case, the most important one is to use Pandas. I think Pandas is one of the most important tools. Therefore, I prefer Week 2 and 3 than week 4.
Passing criteria can sometimes be difficult, but follow Dr. Brooks' instruction. Use pandas docs, and stackoverflow.com.Try to be consistent with work and you'll be done in no time, after all this is a four week course.
The assignments were tough!! Probably the course expects you to learn a few things here and there from external sources too. Other wise, it did a fantastic job in creating a solid foundation for me in python and pandas.
Very good courses on data science I came here after getting certified in deep learning and was lost on how to do pre-processing of data now I am familiar with the idea and would like to continue with the specilisation.
It was a great experience, i am grateful for the chance that Universidad nacional from colombia gives me, i did can to improve a little more my programming skills, and to be close to basic notions about data treatment.
It's good to relearn some basic concepts and even learn a new trick or two. I can truly say that Jupyter, pandas, numpy, and scipy are good statistical tools in try to process the data that we are trying to understand.
I want to thank University of Michigan for giving us the opportunity to learn Introduction to Data Science in Python, it really gives us the knowledge that put us to the edge in learning to be competitive in the scene.
Great course for learning and practicing how to work with Pandas. The only thing I would like to mention for improvement is to make videos more relevant to assignments, and videos itself should consist of more lectures
I really enjoyed this course.  For me it was'n easy at all but I still say that you find the right way to help the students without make the assignments pointless. Thank you so much for this great learning opportunity!
Excellent course and the content is presented very efficiently. I often watch lecture for other courses at a 1.25x or 1.5x speed, but this was different. I could barely keep up at the regular speed. Highly recommended.
Excellent course for a detailed introduction to pandas. The assignments were great facilitators to the course content and required good understanding of concepts and a fair amount of use of the official documentation.
It was bit fast, but overall the quality of assignments was really good!Took me  a while to solve the assignments but the questions  were of good quality and skill.Thank you University of Michigan!Thank you Coursera!!
The videos are pithy and the exercises are challenging for beginners. This class is an introductory course, but not from scratch. If you haven't dabbled with Pandas before you may find this class extremely fast paced.
good starting pointing to get familiar with pandas dataframe through the assignments and project. I had to read other resources and watch other videos online to complete the assignments, but I think that is the point.
Very Beneficial course and full of skill in that era .Every Student must learn that course.Thanks to the coursera platform for such type of educational activities .Thanks to the Instructor and University of Michigan.
The Course was to introduce the attendee to Data Science in Python and did a great job. I was introduced to most of the basics and I am happy with what I was gone through from Day 1 to till date.Thanks for everything
Recommend this course to people new to Python and want to learn basic data science techniques quickly. Very inspiring lectures given by professor and very helpful instructions given by mentors and teaching assistant.
What a great way to be introduced to Data Science! Python makes this subject very accessible, even to non-CS majors, and the heavy focus on Pandas helped my gain transferable skills to other fields of data analysis.
Overall, it is an excellent introduction to data science in python. The assignments are a little bit challenging, but after conquering all the difficulties, you will for sure be able to dig deeper into data science.
This is a perfect course for anyone who wants to learn data science with Python. I definitely recommend this course for students interested in manipulate data and find interesting relations among different datasets.
Great Course.I learn a lot from this course but i think this course is not for beginners as it needs very good knowledge of programming skills.Overall its a very gud course and its assignments are very competetive.
It was very intuitively taught and that made the course easy to learn. Thank you coursera for providing world class faculty and super awesome courses. I will try to give it back to coursera in whatever way possible
I learned good materials for Python from this class.  The assignments are good.  Only one comment: the writing of the assignments can be very vague and at times it is hard to understand.  Overall, I like the class.
Very good course!! The assignments really encouraged me to learn more by myself, and also to learn how to solve problems through forums such as Stark Overflow. The forum within this cause is also very useful, too.
The course video are pretty short and does not include everything.  I need to do a lot self survey for the assignments. But the support from the forum is very solid. Big thanks to Sophie! Good learning experience!
Excellent pandas course. The exercises were extremely challenging, but helped me hone my pandas syntax a lot. Definitely worth the time if you're interested in becoming a business intelligence analyst or engineer.
This was the best ever course I have done till date with lots of hands-on. Assignment question are excellent. I have performed analytics with real time data it was really like some kind of  project experience !!!
This is a very useful course. I recommended this course at people that already know how to programming. Week's homework are more difficult than in the description and needs more time( for my personal experience )
This course is very good and providing knowledge about python and it's built-in libraries like numpy, pandas, statistical analysis etc.I am very thankful for getting one new programming language into my library.
More challenging than I expected.  The assignments aren't a lot of code but they do require some thought and experimentation to get right.  Would have liked a bit more lecture material with more examples though.
Really good introductory course to Pandas. Teaching stuff was a big help and forums are very active and informative. Very good work. Area of improvement: The estimated timings of completion are too optimistic :)
Good introduction course.  Did require the student to be resourceful and teach themselves additional pandas techniques in order to complete the homework.  The homework was a tangible and applicable problem set.
This course is very well formatted and designed. You get to learn the basics and will have chance to have hands on some live data. The mentors are really helpful for any help that you need for your assignments.
Definitely one of the most useful courses I have done in Coursera. Took me a while to get the rhythm but after that everything was smooth. As it says you will really need an INTERMEDIATE level of Python for it.
It is an interesting course. After taking this course, I can make use of Pandas, numpy in python. In addition, I have learned some interesting knowledge about statistic. Thanks Prof. Christopher Brooks and TAs.
This is a great course with excellent materials and very practical assignments. The course forum is more than supportive, I won't be able to complete this without helps from my peers and all the teaching staff.
Very nice course format. Sometimes really challenging, and outright fun ! I wish there would have been a little more participation by staff / mentors, but this is just a minor cutback. Recommended to everyone !
This course is fabulous, most of the time we have to learn on our own.Teaching staff is giving valuable suggestions to each and every question posted by students.After completion of course you feel confidence.
Great course with assignments that are challenging but not too hard. The difficulty is balanced and I really feel I master the knowledge. The lessons are great. The staff was responsive when I asked questions.
This course has an in-depth exposure to pandas, and how to manipulate dataframes. I found it quite challenging and rewarding, as it improved my knowledge of series, dataframes and data manipulations in Python.
A profound and delightful experience of online learning.I especially impressed by the exercise of submitting assignment.It is so excited to get it passed while I can really learn something from those exercise.
Very informative introduction to Data Science using Python. Well presented and explained by the instructor. I will recommend this for python beginners and intermediate learners.I enjoyed it, hope you will too.
The course material is very short and precise. Previous knowledge of Python is helpful. This course serves its purpose as an introduction to Python libraries and how they are used in the field of Data Science.
Very well prepared course, good quality video and audio too (some of the older courses have crappy audio)... this class gives you enough information to allow you to research and attack new problems on your own
Excellent course, challenging assignments, the lectures go through material quickly, but they're efficient. This course requires a lot of external research, which is good in my opinion because it's realistic.
the course is been really helpful to learn several python libraries like pandas,numpy,scipy etc that are widely used in data science so far hence the overall course was really awesome. Thank you Coursera. :)
It was seriously an awesome experience, I got to learn about so many new concepts and with a bit more of practice, I feel a lot more confident. I can't thank enough to Coursera, and I'll be grateful forever.
The course is overall good but it's in a fast pace and the instructor is teaching very fast. However, the well designed assignments made it possible to perceive all the necessary materials you need to learn.
it's huge help to learn about data science in python,everything in this course is knowledgeable,i get to know about lots of thing about Data science and python which help to increase my knowledge .Thank you
This is a new user friendly course. I learnt the skills needed to fulfill basic data manipulating project from almost zero and felt a great sense of achievement when I eventually finished the final project.
I really like this course, it is a good kick off to learn  and practice Pandas. The assignments are more difficult than the avg assignment in coursera courses which I think made this course more productive.
One of the best online courses I have taken. The assignments were a true test of grit and resolve and I felt that Data Science was not meant for me as some point but Kudos to the community for being there.
It's a very good course. I had few issues only understanding some concepts which I'm not familiar with, mainly stats concepts. This course for opened the way to continue studding much more in data science.
It was very interesting introductory course to Data Science with Python.  It helped me learn about the Data Scientist profession and what it would entail to transition into this field within the workforce.
The assignments are great, but many needed knowledge is not covered in the lectures. I believe this is by design and recommend re-balancing the lectures by covering more needed skills to solve assignments.
This course is great but you have to be a good self learner and explorer as it is very difficult to catch up with the speed of the course. The content they tell is not enough but is great for a self start.
it's a little bit daunting class even though I finished Python3 Specialization. However, it's extremely helpful if you want to build solid knowledge and skills needed for the real world jobs. Great class!
Great course if you are already familiar with Python but never used Pandas and never worked in proper big data - data science fields. Definitely recommended if you want to see how data science looks like.
It is not easy for me to complete this course but I learned A LOT! It is truly beneficial if you don't give up. Yes you need to search a lot of python skills online to complete the programming assignment.
Great teaching material. Interesting exercises. Very good teachers, it was a pleasure to watch and listen them. The automatic feedback after the assignment checking helped me to correct and submit again.
I am quite unsure of where to send a mail to express my gratitude for the scholarship. As such, I guess this may be a good venue for it. Thank you for the scholarship Coursera and University of Michigan.
Would be 5/5 If It wasn't so hard to make sense of the assignment questions sometimes! Otherwise great introduction to data processing in Python, looking forward to the next course in the specialization.
Great course.  Heavy on Python so if you're like me and are rather new to Python, there is a bit of a learning curve.  But, the resources are great and I feel very confident with my python/pandas skills.
It Was a lot fun.... And the way to do Assignment and submit is good.. but it can be little bit more flexible if we can get a insight of what we have to achieve so we can check ourself before submitting
This source has been proven to be very useful during my data science internship. I was doing tasks for data wrangling which require heavy pandas syntax and this source has provided me with exactly that.
The assignment are so good.They gave a good practice to me. The content of the Course is moderate but I loved a lot in completing the assignment and they gave knowledge how to use the python libraries.
I like the way the teacher explains. English is not my native language but I could understand almost all topics and now I'm happy with the new knowledges about python, pandas, numpy, data cleaning, etc
Comprehensive and challenging learning experience to achieve the data manipulation skills with python as much alike in real world scenario, strongly recommended for practitioners in data science field.
This is great course! I liked balance between theory and practice. And also tasks are covering something that is out of the week material, but can be easily found in the web (with provided suggestions)
It's very useful specially for new learner because it only dives into the part of python that data science need. I strongly recommend to anyone even if you don't have experience in programming before.
To be an introductory course I struggled a lot, is a very practical course, and the assignements encourage you to learn more. This is the best technical course I have taken.  Lo recomiendo ampliamente
This course is extremely challenging for me I was practicing data wrangling with R which is not a lot different in concepts but it gets very tricky especially with indexing.Thanks for the Experience!
Great course, make sure you are comfortable in Python before diving in.  Covers basic DataFrame work including cleaning, generating new data from existing data, and how to execute merge/join/update.
Awesome course! I haven't done any course like this. Explanations were very clear and deep, which is very helpful to learn the content. Thanks a lot to the professor and the University of Michigan.
It is a great course to get started in the field of data science. It just require basic knowledge of python. This course teaches you basics of numpy and pandas and how to apply them in data science
Great course! I liked how the focus was mainly on the practical aspects of data science. No 'dry' course material. I know much more about the practical side of data analysis than before! Thank you!
This course was a bit tough during the assignments, but it was totally worth it. Now I feel confident and enthusiastic about continuing my study of Pandas and other basic data science instruments.
Excellent excellent course! The instructor explains very well and video lectures are typically 5-10min only- very good bite-sites! Assignments are well-designed and you are working with real data!
Great course, I really benefitted from the shorter instructional videos and much longer exercises where I had to figure out a lot of things on my own, which is the best way to learn in my opinion.
It's one of the best courses that I ever had. The content is clear and focused on solving problems. And the activities are really good, challenge you and make you look for more content to answer.
The instructor was very clear in concepts and the course has helped me to gain more knowledge in data analysis with pandas and made me fluent in finding solutions to problems. Thanks to Coursera.
Best course to learn about Introduction of Data Science, a fast paced course, need to have knowledge about Pandas and Numpy before taking this course if not it would be kind of tough to complete.
Awesome course material and well structured learning path. I loved the entirety of the course and hope to continue to learn more from Coursera. Thank you Coursera and also University of Michigan.
Great introductory course to python. Decent novice-level videos but great assignment quality. Definitely takes up more time than expected, especially if you aren't well-versed with python syntax.
Great material and presentation! Please work on question clarity, especially in the last project. With as picky as the grader is a little extra specificity would have saved me a few false starts.
This course provides excellent instructional videos, comprehensive materials, and real-world data manipulation and analysis using Python.  One of the best values for the buck in online training.
Christopher Brooks is amazing. He kept all the lectures simple, straight to the point and maintained a good pace throughout the course. Good start to the specialization course. A long way to go!
Great course. It requires a lot of independent work and, personally, I find this great. This helps you know even more information about Data Science and Python as well as acquire good skill set.
This was an excellent, and challenging course. I highly recommend it for exactly what the title of the course is: an intro to data science. The coursework was really helpful, although difficult.
This course is very important if you want to learn Data Science by applying it into real-world data. It's trully complete, and it will guide you pretty good towards this Data Scientist journey.
Great course, I feel like I've learned the basics of python pretty well. The only thing I'd suggest is to include exercises regarding dates, timestamps, and pivot tables within the assignments.
The last assignment project is a bit harder, and requires quite a lot of self study, but the course is well structured and worth it. The teachers answer quickly to questions on the forums, too.
This course is really great. It helped me a lot in learning Data Science from the beginning using Python. I am really happy to get such a good level of guidance from the mentors of this course.
Course does a good job introducing the usage of key Python libraries like numpy and pandas. To learn the material it is best to put in extra work. Examples using real data sets would be useful.
Ok you need background in Python and in statistics - the pace is really good and the assignments put the bar pretty high if you are new to using Python for DS like I am (especially the last 2).
Excellent course. It offers fundamentals about data science, as an introduction staff provides very completed material that could be used to solve the assignment, and the content is pertinent.
Amazing course. covers a lot in span of 4 weeks. So, you need to do some work on your own. Would have been great if some of the topics were explained elaborately rather than in a brief manner.
This course brushed up my python programming skills and empowered me with pandas programming for data analysis. Looking forward to learn the visualization and machine learning specializations.
Great place to start learning about Data Science or refresh your Data Science skills. I would recommend any one interested in the topic to take a look at this course and finish the assignments
It is a great course. In depth teaching but on week 3 and week 4 required a lot of hours of researching. Worth every penny. It really pushes people to learn Pandas by researching on their own.
Hard course, but extremely helpful. Good work with pvalues at the end. Tricky assignments. Coming from R, I wanted to learn python dataframes, and I definitely feel I got a hold on python now.
A great experience working on Numpy and Pandas library to understand the data structures, functions, and analysis of data. Amazing course for those who are beginners in data science learning.
This course is quite challenging but it motivates me a lot. It's helpful to return back after finishing regular expression part because some of the assignment questions are easier with regex.
This course taught me pandas and it did it very well. The assignments were sometimes unclear or contained small errors, which was frustrating at times, but overall very well worth the effort!
I really enjoyed the course. I learned a lot! It would be nice to give "sample responses" to the assignment questions towards the end so that users like me can compare our responses to them.
Very challenging course. And I thought I knew Python. I learned much, much more about Pandas, idioms, lambdas, regex, etc. I will be able to be more productive at work with all this. Thanks.
I found it pretty challenging as it encourages us to find ways to solve the assignments by our own. I really enjoyed the moment when I finally passed the last assignment Hahaha. Nice course
I have learnt alot from this course. I have previously taken a few courses but I always got stuck at some point. Course outline is good and Assignments were a great help in moving forward.
Great course! Strongly recommended to everyone who is interested in learning practical details of data manipulation. I really learned a lot through the course and Stack Overflow questions.
This is amazing. I like a course which challenges me to do what they have taught and this  course knocks that boundary off the field. In love with this course. Really challenging, love it.
Assignments are tough, But there won't be much learning if the assignements were easy. The discussion forum helped me a lot, and teaching staffs were always available to answer my queries.
Good course.  It provides a good balance between applying what you learned in the lectures vs what you would normally do in real life by finding answers to your questions in stackoverflow.
Assignments design so to require a lot of self study. But really worth it. It doesnt cover all the basic features of pandas but give you a very good view on what the library is capble of.
I would highly recommend this course anyone who likes to learn basic fundamentals of Data Science. I would like to say big thank you to this course instructors. Again, Thank you coursera.
I liked the content and learned a lot of stuff. I guess it is a very good starting point to dive into Data Science. The assignments were a bit challenging but it was fun and rewarding. :)
Very Good Course! I got a lot of information and knowledge finishing this course and it's really good for people who's looking for a start to learn data science, especially using python.
course content is excellent but the content needs to be improved and needs to be little detailed because the Assignments are little difficult to complete with the provided course lecture
Challenging, awesome. Working through the assignments will really teach you Pandas, which makes Python scripts much more efficient.  I'm already using the things I have learned at work.
It is very good for learning. Data Analysis using python is a requirement in Business Consulting and I recommend this course to anyone who is working or aspiring to work in this field.
This is really a great course. Both the professor and the TA are nice and helpful. The lectures are moving in a right speed and cover most essential parts of data processing in Python.
this course very use full to me and this is my first course, we have learned different kind of new thing and how to write with my own code developed and executed, it is very interested
This is my first completed course in data science. I think this is a good course to start with. The assignments are not trivial and need some exploration, which helps me to learn more.
So useful, learn the course through programming assignment, you need to do a lot of self-study and google, not just restrict within the course material, this is the way I love to study
Very Nice, it explains pandas from the basics.I would just wish that u would have an autograder like the one in Python for everbody course by Dr.ChuckThis one is a little bit annoying
Amazing Specialization  learned a lot and i could test my knowledge , i guess it's more than an introduction to data science ! And i loved the assignments  despite their difficulty :)
Best course one must take to opt for a future in the data science field.This course cleared all my basic knowledge related to the data science with python as the programming language.
Skills gained in Introduction to Data Science surpassed my expectations. Its project and assignments are really tough, hence, engraving the real knowledge into the brains of students.
In-depth course with great material and good assignments. The language used in the assignments is a bit difficult to comprehend, not all questions are clear as what needs to be done.
This course is a great approach for both beginners and advance programmers who want to dive into an specific and very pragmatic approach to most used pandas methods for data science.
excellent material with a good flow in tutorial. great use of technology for teaching. Also, the involving exercises really test one's understanding. A wholesome experience over all!
As the course name suggests, it's a great start to get a good knowledge of Python for DataScience which is required if you are interested in participating in Data Science Hackathons
The course requires knowledge of python as well as a programming aptitude. The assignments encourage you to go deep into the pandas library and improve upon the learning experience.
I like the course very much, it will be useful for career prospective. I have taken courses in different sites, but this is especially to good in practice , assignments and grading.
This course has allowed me to improve my data analysis skills and I have already been able to use many of the lessons learned to create more insightful and efficient reports at work
Everyone should take this course.Real Challenge is in the assignment.I have done some other courses but it helps me to think better about the problems faced in the assignment.Thanks
Really amazing course, I leaned a lot about pandas, how to manage and clean data and extract value out of that. I've learned a little about statistics, specially hypothesis testing.
This course has been a real challenge, but i feel really good about finishing all the assigments , and being able to read different files and use it like in a day to day situation.
Very helpful in learning Pandas. Overall a very well designed short course.  The only minor difficulty I had was HW submission. It took some time to figure out what could be wrong.
Nice course! Pushing you to practice and lert you act on your own to find accurate results.I thinks that this is the best way to learn if you want to start a career in Data Science
Course assignments are very tough and for not for beginner level python knowledge. You have to look up on various documentation time to time and the assignments take a lot of time
One of the best course that i came across it. It is a intermediate course as i say because of the assignment and you should have  knowledge in Python and libraries. Happy Learning
This course is a bit too hard for me. I strongly recommend people with no programming experience (like me) take further consideration. You'd better take a beginners' course first.
It is a very good course. If you are not very experienced in python it will demand you to read a lot before finishing every assignment, which is great because you learn much more.
It was absolutely awesome and challenging.I liked the in-video questions as well as the assignments, because they give a good foundation of knowledge, but encourage self-research.
An excellent fast on ramp into Python and especially NumPy. The usual caveat with online courses, the assignments often consume 2-3 as much time as you expect (so allow for this).
A very good course for someone who is thoroughly comfortable with Python and wishes to explore the field of Data Science. The in-video quizzes keep you on your toes at all times.
Good explanation by teachers.I can say without further thinking that it is the best explanation about the data science and also helped to study more about python and programming.
Although I had an experience about data science with R, it was quite course to me. Actually I hadn't felt aledged python's convenient things, but I'll keep studying this garment!
Very nice course. Not really for beginners since you have to struggle yourself sometimes to get to the goal. The Stuff are very active and helpful in the forums. Thanks for that!
这是一门很棒的课程. 尤其是他的作业. 尽管有时候作业的说明不是很清楚.This is an excellent course , although its programming assignment needs to have  somehow clearer explanation . But anyway I like this course .
I am extremely thankful to coursera. This was a tough time for me to pay as I lost my job but coursera really helmed me throughout and it actualyy means a lot . Thankyou so much
The course is awesome! I could finish the course with everyone's help - reading the discussion forum and all the tips from the teaching staff especially Mr. Yusuf and Ms. Sophie
This is great, but definitely not for people with no python background. I work full-time and found the level of challenge to be exactly where I needed it to be. I learned a LOT.
An excellent overview of the fundamental skills associated with data collection and analysis.  Successful completion of the course will enhance your knowledge of the Pandas API.
I guess this is right way of learning anything - some guided/ assisted learning followed by self learning. Collaboration over stackoverflow and forum is the way forward. Kudos!!
not an easy one but very challenging. maybe you need to give more than one week to the third and fourth assignment, since those assignment requires learning and exploring alone.
A challenging course that will teach the student how to deal with problems in Python and Pandas using documentation, rather that deliver some code snippets in a bunch of videos
One of the toughest courses you would encounter. Honestly, worth the time and effort. Gives you idea of real world data mining tricks and applying them is what is challenging.
The course content is great. The assignments are pretty hard and I really had to concentrate to pass. Thus someone would learn a lot through working on the assignment periods.
High-quality lectures and exercises. True to an "Intermediate" course, trusts that the learner will figure thing out themselves and doesn't spent extraneous time hand-holding.
The assignment is very challenging. I need to read many extra books to get the assignment done. However, feel great to pass the assignment. You know you really learn something
Assignments are a bit hard. Week 4 is complete statistics and I didn't understand it completely. Need more help for week 4 for students coming from not statistical background
Very Informative! and properly put in a 4 week course . After several attempts I was able to pass.. assignments that were application level. Hence very well designed course.
It would be great, if you provide students with some best practices for assignments in the course, so the student can understan how he can do the task even more efficiently.
Assignments are really challenging and informative.Lecturer explains contents concisely in an attractive manner.Practical contents, without redundant or time wasting videos.
Excellent course! I enjoyed it, the exercises were really good to solve, its all based on real world problems and pushed me to learn more and clear my understanding, thanks.
I learned a lot in how to use Pandas for data analysis. Even though some of the assignments are tough to complete, you will feel it's worth spending time and practice on it.
Great course to start python data science. I'm not software engineer but was able to finish with the great contents and forums. (it was difficult and time consuming though.)
Much appreciated and really valuable for the remaining sessions of this specialisation. Make sure you do not skip this, even if you already have some experience with Python.
Very well designed course, especially the Jupyter notebook. Totally accessible and user-friendly for both math/CS/stats majors and those without related background knowlege.
The hands-on programming window and integration with Jupyter notebook made it 100 times easy to learn fast. Prof. Brooks were very clear and to the point in all the videos.
The Assignments were especially challenging and intuitive.Loved the Assignments, I think I can consider myself brushed with Python now.Pandas Tutorial was also wonderful :D
Great for someone with intermediate experience in Python. A quick way to learn the pandas package, and apply it to interesting examples. A big thank you to the instructors!
Amazing. Highly recommended for someone who doesn't have much working knowledge of python and is looking forward to build some data science skills quickly and effectively.
Lots of things to understand yaa the prof. explain everything very well but not in the deep overall the course is a great start in the direction of becoming a Data Science
Excellent experience. Thanks to the course team for the great job. The assignments give me the opportunity  to experience the objectives of the course concepts. Well done.
Very informative and helpful to have first insights on data visualization technics, data charting and guidelines for good and professional data analysis and visualization.
Solid explanations of the basics of python and pandas. Strong emphasis on self-learning in assignments, which may be difficult for those without background in programming.
The course is very good and very demanding. But the assignments estimation time were, for me, really completely out. I used much more than 3 more times the suggested ones.
This course is very Useful for the student who  wish to start there carirar In the field of data science , This is one of the great course  that help the student to learn
Good course for intermediate level data science enthusiasts. This course could have been made better by adding more of coding explanation and a little more python basics.
Great. Just great. One of the first courses that I've taken where I have really been engaged. Lectures go deep and keep the good academic stuff in there for you to learn!
Actually, I am new to Python. To complete this course and the assignments,  I have referred to StackOverview, python websites and some references in Github, thanks a lot!
I highly recommend this course for data science beginners like me. python is such an easy language to learn and this course showed how easy it is for data cleaning , etc.
The course is fantastic! By practicing with the assignments, I improved a lot in python programming. I am now confident in doing data cleaning and manipulation in python.
Immediately after this class I was able to much more effectively visualize tabular data on my research project and build more effective notebooks to share with my peers.
Great introduction to the world of data science. Instructor does a great job of explaining the content with easy to follow examples. I highly recommend taking the course
This course is just awesome! It dives deep into each topic! The only thing you must make sure before enroling is that your knowledge in Python is at least intermediate.
This is good introductory course which exposes the learner to data science fundamentals. The learner need to practise to get more grounding especially in data cleaning.
Nice course to get started with Data science, hopefully i can combine this with kaggle based challenges.looking forward to the rest of the courses in the specialization
Very helpful for beginners who wants to learn Data Science with Python. Will recommend to go with this course. Thank you team for giving nice teaching. Very Grateful :)
it would be much better if the assignment materials can be taught first and then assigned as homework. I feel some of the practice need information from the next week.
assignments were interesting as it required individual learning which led us to research on stack overflow and the pandas doc. Also the discussion forums were helpful.
Great course.I would like to thank all people involved. I applied the techniques and concepts taught here in my own projects (Ph.D. in Geophysics) from the first week.
This is a nice course, even though lecture seems easy, bu programming assignment is very interesting, challenging and inspiring. The discussion forums is very helpful.
Excellent course - I grabbed to increase my confidence in applying Python for data analysis. It definitely improved my coding skills. Will do next course on plotting!!
Excellent overview of the topic. Lectures are well delivered, if a bit terse. Assignments are well designed, and the mentors in the discussion forums are very helpful.
I really enjoyed learning. The course really enhanced my knowledge in Data Science . The assignment are pretty hard and  good . At last the course is really worth it.
I feel this course really helps me build a solid foundation of Python coding. It covers a wide range of coding details and encourages students to learn by themselves!
Amazing first course on Pandas. I can confidently say i feel more confident with Pandas, and basic Python for data science programming after taking this first course.
Very informative. Would be interested to see the correct way to complete many of the assignments, as I'm sure there are more elegant ways to complete them than I used
Very hard course comparatively speaking, especially when one needs to manage so many other things. But I think it was worth the figurative blood and tears. Thank you!
Very Informative practical sessions. staff is also quick approchable to the queries raised in solving practical assignments.Thanks a lot for upgrading my knowlege!!!
Great Course! The level of the course is demanding but not to hard. The assignments are quote challenging without getting to frustrating. I learned a lot, thank you.
Nice course to start with though it requires some basic knowledge of Python syntax given that it was pretty well balanced course. Good tutor and nice course content.
Fantastic course with challenging assignments. Wish there were more handouts to explain some of the key concepts and the grader was better informative of the errors.
Thanks for this wonderful lecture , concepts were very well described. Thank you coursera and university of Michigan and special thanks to Prof. Christopher Brooks.
Thank You..fo giving such useful infomation related to Data science in Python.The Best Thing you give the sample notebook so it could help me to understand better .
Thank You for Giving such useful information related to Data Sci with python. The best Thing is u give the sample notebook so it could help me to understand better.
The course is very good for beginners, the Tutors teach well and give assignment that are based on self learning plus their teachings, overall it improves knowledge
Very Nice course.. I really thankful to instructors, All team members and To University of Michigan.. Thank you coursera for such a great platform available for us.
This course was challenging, but very rewarding in the end. I learned many skills that will help me in by job and am interested to learn more in the future courses.
Fast-paced Python introduction course for those people who have some programming background and who are interested in Data Science topics.Nice course to begin with!
Extremely challenging -- I'd spend about 10 hours per assignment but definitely well worth it! Stack Overflow and the discussion forum will be your key to success!
Great course despite of a tiny mismatch between auto-grader and details in assignment description. One has to submit 100% to pass with 80%. Definitely recommended.
Great course, quite a steep learning curve with regards Pandas, but well worth the effort. Assignments are very effective at helping embed and expand the learnings
I only audited this course, but it is great. Initially it was a little difficult for me to follow but once I read some basics of pandas and numpy, it became clear.
Hi Professor,Thank you so much for taking the time to structure this program. Looking forward to another great learning experience in course 2.Thanks,Neel Roshania
The teaching staff are all amazing, they are responsive interactive and professional. I really learnt a lot in terms of python especially pandas. Love the series!
Great start to learning data science techniques.  Highly recommended that you get a solid understanding of the fundamentals of Python before starting this course.
This is my first online course. I enjoyed the course and specialy enjoyed solving the assignments. Even though I am not new to programming it was not a cake walk.
Excellent course, the teacher gives clear introduction, and the exercise is very useful to train our skill. I have no hesitation to recommend it to my classmates.
Lectures are very informative. Liked assignments because they were opened enough to seek for a new information by yourself - that's a thing everyone must improve.
A great job by the Instructor. Since tutorial contains hands on work a little bit fast so it was difficult to get it these concepts in time. Overall great job :)
This course helped me learn Python and the assignments and the projects helped even more to learn. I would like each and every person behind such a great course.
it does really teach you the basics of data manipulation but without the "teaching", meaning you have to do a lot! of in depth learning and research by your self
The best assignments I have ever seen in all the coursera courses! Very challenging and the best use of discussion forum seen so far. Thank you for this course!
The assignments were very well made and the discussion forums were also very well moderated. I will highly recommend this to any of my peers who are interested.
Very nice course I reviewed my knowledge , it was so helpful. Thank you to Staff Yusuf Ertas , He responded my question in the discussion very quickly . Thanks
The tutorials should be similar to this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvpNA7bC8cs&t=773s YouTube explain the python codes better than whats explained here.
It would be helpful to have some kind of test codes to test the assignments on lines of Introduction to ML course by Andrew Ng. That helps is debugging easily.
Superb course and the staff from University of Michigan were quite committed with the learners, they've given me very valuables tools and skills, thanks a lot.
I already done a reasonable amount of courses in coursera. This one is for sure one of the most challenging and well made that I had the pleasure of finishing
very very helpful and practical BUT very difficult for people with no programming background. Still, great course with lots of practice and hands-on projects.
This course is good for progressive learning of python especially when your is to use python for Data frames. Introduction to hypothesis testing is too short.
Great course. Concise yet very useful. The programming assignments were great, with real-life data sets, and the associated required data cleaning/processing.
Great course. Concise yet very useful. The programming assignments were great, with real-life data sets, and the associated required data cleaning/processing.
Excellent introduction to Data Science. I just wish that  there are practice assignments on just the topics covered before diving into our own implementations
Gained a lot of knowledge on using the pandas library in a short time. Introduced interesting topics on different data science topics like Goodhart's law etc.
The course is very good. The scope of the course was well defined by the Michigan University. I highlighted recommend if you want to begin with data science.
Learned a lot about Pandas and data manipulation! But some small points are not very clearly explained in the assignments. Going over the forum is necessary.
This was very useful and have learned many things from this course and by learning this course this creates enthusiasm to me to earn more about data science.
Excellent course a good way to learn Pandas API in 4 weeks. Beware the assignments, read the discussion for pointers or common errors before submitting them.
Great teacher, great lectures, good example code and assignments that are not too easy and not too hard. I really feel like I learned and achieved something.
Excellent for data science beginners. You must know python programming and some background in statistics beforehand in order to fully understand the content.
The course is great for senior data analyst. However, you need to learn by yourself probability and statistics because they do not cover them in this course.
Perfect courses! With a lot of opportunities to practice and to learn 
from do questions by yourself. Mentors and staffs are also kindly to 
answer problems.
Excellent class. Needs a little work to make sure assignments a little more clear, but with a bit of work from the student, it's a great learning experience.
the python friendly nature in data science is flexible and easy to use large big data. its introduction and function as been useful to know the information.
The courses are phenomenal with a little introduction to the topics and then encouraging the students to explore to do the assignments. Simply magnificient.
I am very happy with the course. It was not easy. Quick paced and needed a lot of groundwork and reading  but that is how it should be. Thank you very much.
They way of teaching is perfect. I think the students can grasp the concept more easily and permanently through this approach. Good effort!Wonderful course.
Fast paced and interesting lectures, challenging project + I learned something about economics with the final assigment!Thank you Pr. Brooks and your team!
It was great lecture! I really enjoyed studying pandas and python with real data set.It was a bit hard to use skill right after I learned, but it worth it!
The course is well structured. It not only taught programming knowledge but also raised some issues that we need to consider when conducting data analysis.
Solid intro to Data Science. It made simple for me to go through elementary Data Science concepts and is a best course I have taken in this topic so far <3
Highly recommend taking this course to people with intermediate Python background. Especially, the assignments are great and very well prepared. Thank you!
You're gonna spend a lot of time reading documentation if you're not familiar with pandas, but it's a good course that really makes you learn the material.
An excellent dive in Python and Pandas. Christopher's course combines fast-pace and clarity; you never have to wait for the video to move forward. Thanks !
It was a nice insight on the topics and methods which are being use for data cleaning,data integration and data analysis with their meaningful extraction.
Excellent course content. You can feel the challenges and the course provided a vision not only about problem-solving but overall knowledge of the domain.
The course content of Intro to Data Science in Python offered by Uni of Michigan is extremely useful and well-organised. It is quite handy to the beginner
Although, i had some basic knowledge of data science before and also i did some programming in python, yet i find this course comprehensive and practical.
The lecturer is excellent, the forums are active and useful
and the exercises are a good mixture of challenging and enjoyable. A very good
course overall.
The course perfectly designed. Everything is not spoon-fed. This course encourages self-research. Looking forward to completing the whole specialization.
It was a great platform for me to understand the key concept of data science from  great university through a great platform(coursera) hope i can do more
Very well structured course encouraging self-study, debugging skills and active knowledge application, instead of just blindly following course material.
This is a very good course, i grabbed the python for datascience ebook and read both at the same time. I feel like i have now a strong python base for ML
This course helped me a lot. I personally think that this is the essentials of getting known how to properly use python. I highly reccomdend this course.
An amazing start to hard work that data scientist do! Its not all applying fancy algorithms, you have to get your hands dirty and clean up your own data.
This course is one the best course on Data science .It has covered almost everything from scratch and has provided enough guidance for the future courses
Challenging, and some of the questions were poorly/wrongly worded. But the exercises were good practice, and manageable with some programming experience.
it's a really good course .it's not like a traditional course in university in China.You should put all your efford to finish it.And it full of challenge
Very informative and useful. Will teach you functions you did not know about. Simplifying certain tasks that you may have done "the long way" previously
A very great course for people who are good with some programming language other than python.This course will teach how to do data analysis using Python
Is challenging and you learn about a bunch of different aspects of pandas. Never forget to take notes about what you are learning and review them later.
Great course if you know some programming in other languajes. I would recommend have a previous Python course if you do not have any programming basis.
Nice starter course to getting aware of Data Science using. It has enough scope for self learning which keeps student challenged throughout the course.
Nice Course.... it makes me a little bit stressed cause same bug and other. But I'M REALLY ENJOY this course. Can't wait next course in this series. :)
I really learned a lot from this course. On topic concept delivery, simplistic codes, tricky question but once u get them it could not get any simpler
Really good introductory course to data science using python. I immediately applied what I learnt to my internship and completed my tasks effectively.
Excellent course helping you to master all the tools to transform and manipulate data with python / pandas. Essential 1st step for any data scientist!
Wow , How beautifully each concept has been described.Will definitely recommend recommned this to my friends who are seeking a career In data science.
A great course to get started with data science with python!! The course is well-structured and gets you accustomed with the pandas library in depth.
it was a great course, with all the basics you need to start working in python. assignments are well structured and useful for step-by-step learning!
Teaching is great.Questions are too ambiguous sometimes I do not know what is the requirements of the answers.Anyway, I still learned lots from here.
This course is great course for me, give me basic knowledge in Python Data Science. I will implement this Python new skill on my next Python project.
The autograder may have some issues that make this course tougher but don't get discouraged, it is a great course to build your python/pandas skills.
Really useful class. Even as someone who uses Pandas regularly I learned a great amount in this class; one of the best Coursera classes I have taken.
Very good content. Challenging assignment that force you to learn more yourself rather than just apply what you've heard and forget it in 10 minutes.
One of the best Courses I have done online. Took me back to basics and gave the best possible introduction to python which was beyond my expectations
This course takes a lot of dedication and applied debugging, I enjoyed it a lot and learned a lot of useful skills on working with Data with pandas.
This course focus more on assignement, which require a lot of self-study. Meanwhile, the discussion forums are very useful and responses are prompt.
One of the best data science courses on Coursera. Recommended for all who want a hands-on approach to data science while working on real-world data.
Excellent. You should already have some experience with Python and Machine Learning before you start this course. Learnt quite a lot about Pandas...
A well taught and challenging course. In completing the assignments and projects, it took real effort. I feel I really learned a lot in this course.
Great course. The course material is well-explained in lectures – although at a somewhat low pace – and I really enjoyed working on the assignments.
Great course. You should really work hard to pass all the assignments. Tons of practical expirience in pandas. Looking forward for the next courses.
Great course! Dr. Brooks provides a nice and accessible introduction to Pandas, and the assignments are helpful and problem-based. Highly recommend!
Great Course.Only things is that I have some conflict with some of the question. Would be great if there is any way we could look at the approaches
The course is fantastic. The only thing I want is that the discussion forum could be more organized, it will help students and instructors as well.
I'm a super beginner in Python and this course really elevates my Python skill from 0 to 4 (at least and also, I'm not a very good programmer tbh).
One o the best and interactive course or Python and Data Science you can ind online and that too with minimal price, thanks Andrew N and Coursera!!
That is good course for starting learning data science in Python. It really helps to understand the basics of using of Panda etc. I recommend this.
Great course! Covers important features of Python which are most likely to be used in Data Science. Programming assignments are really interesting.
A good introduction to the pandas package, which is the basisi for managing data. It's not an easy course with a big quantity of self-researching.
Really good course for Data Science Aspirants.Since the video content is less and Assignment part is more,you can get both Knowledge and SKILLS!!!
Learning this course gave me confidence and more interest in exploring data science, I plan to explore further through the next couple of courses.
i really loved this course...it helped me strengthen my knowledge in python and helped me in revising them. thank you coursera and the professors
It is my 2nd course at the University of Michigan and I am impressed! The teaching is great and there are always challenging exercises to be done
I learnt a lot, and enjoyed the process! It was more engaging than I expected of an online course. Excited to go forward with the specialization.
This course systematically introduced the use of Python and Pandas library to read data, clean data, transform data, and do statistical analysis.
This Course is really amazing and covers broad concepts but it is a little bit of boring, however great content and must course for Data Science
Good solid course to learn the foundation of python. The level is not too basic so you can really learn if you are at the beginning of your path
The Assignments are really tough and need a lot of self study. However, If you are a person who learns by doing projects this course is the one.
Though I felt it's too fast for me at the beginning. I caught up with the speed and the explanation is really good with assignments in between.
Fast and intuitive course introducing Python and Data Science. It is filled with exercises and notebooks that helps you assimilate the content.
Great module with very practical assignments. I found it a bit challenging, but that's what makes you dig deeper and develop your logical flow.
Briskly paced course for those new to Python and/or Pandas. Good weekly exercises that ended with a real life data analysis exercise in week 4.
If you have basic Python knowledge, you should definitely take this course. Totally recommended! It is challeging for new users but gratifying
The course is really good but the assignments are difficult compared to course materials. I think the course material should be more detailed.
The teaching part and the assignments complemented each other so well to teach students and make them confident to take up real-life projects!
Perfect Course. I never thought you can learn that much by studying 6-7 hours a week. Almost it is zero to hero. Thanks University of Michigan
Equip learner with basic knowledge in manipulating  data. Assignment allow learner to explore more in-depth then the learner learnt thru video
Nice course. Little, minimal, with the most important aspects covered. I liked the assignments, and that it required more individual learning.
The course gives a good introduction to the python pandas library, with assignments that challenge enough to give a solid learning experience.
Excellent course. Perfect balance between coding and code explanation. Best course to get your hands on coding experience with data learning.
I am very satisfied with the course. The assignments encourage you to explore more about the functions in Pandas and help in better practice.
Its a very good course to start learning for data analysis which can work as a foundation to learn more in data science and machine learning.
The videos are usually much easier than the assignments. Require tons of self learning to pass the assignments. Challenging but interesting!
I am really loving it, a great introduction course with a lot of practicle examples. I am looking foward to the reset of the specialization.
Quite a fast paced course, would be good to have some background knowledge of Python and statistics but not essential. Tough but achievable.
This course uses data from real-life examples. Although it is painful to clean the data, it does show you the true color of this kind works.
I really enjoyed this course. I found the instructor very good and the assignments were fun. I was pleasantly surprised by the whole course.
i have leant a lot from this course and i revised my python also and get sum knowledge of pandas and many in this course thank you coursera
it's really great! I've learned alot~ (btw: it realy have some difficult to pass the assignment, if u don't looking to the forum for help )
This is a very challenging course for newbies in python. But forces you to learn a lot in a very short amount of time. Highly recommend it!
Cover lot of details quickly, but the assignments is tough and it ensures that you understand the concepts covered in the class and beyond.
Very dense, well taught, examples and assignments help in the learning process, I've done many, many Coursera courses, this one in the Top5
Awesome Introductory Course to Data Science. This will help me in my field of study and help me branch out to other fields as well. 10/10.
Amazing experience,I learnt a lot from this course. Thank you "Christopher Brooks" sir and Coursera to gave this amazing experience to me.
Videos/Lectures and other course materials are well prepared and summarised. Assignments are clear and relevant to Data Science practices.
very practical lesson!I can handle data manipulation tasks after finishing this course.The assignments are a little bit tough, but useful.
I think the assignments were pretty awesome. It gives you confidence that you can clean and manage data if required in future by your own.
I love this kind of courses wehn the lectures are clear, short and meaningfull with real topics and hands on the topic, really good course
It was a great course since I had the opportunity to learn  the foundations  of data science by using python as well as its main packages
Very good course for people starting to learn Python who would like to level up. Best online python course I have participated in so far.
It really is an intermediate difficulty course. Assignments are rather tough, but you will learn a lot if you put in the effort and time.
Course is very well designed. Thanks for all the work you put into developing this course.  I really enjoyed taking it and learned a lot.
Excellent course for a novice Python programmer like me.I loved the essential topics covered in this course. Thank you so much coursera!!
While the assignmets are though, the classes are really well explained and the community is well organized. I have learned a lot, thanks!
The lecturer encourages the student to do a lot of self study and finish very challenging assignments. Very useful course and assignments
Great course. Really gives you the basics of data analysis. Fast-paced and challenging assignments. Hoping to finish the specialization!
This was a very good course. I think it would have been beneficial to run through some statistics basics, those parts seemed very rushed
It's an awesome experience to work in such a decent platform where you have to earn the grades which not easy to acquire. Slog hard boys
This is a very challenging course for those who never use pandas module before, but I am satisfied after finishing this course by myself
Really an awesome course, specially the assignments. Though some question were vague in some extent, but overall those were interesting.
Course material is interesting and modern, but its amount might be bigger - current level is not enough to complete all the assignments.
Best course I have ever taken. I found helpful to have several exercises to apply the knowledge before taking the exam. Congratulations
The content of this course is great  but is too hard for person who is not from the computer science branch  due to database management
A really good introduction to Data Science in Python, assignments are challenging, you need to be self-taught but you will learn a lot.
While the lectures are short, the assignments are quite tough and force you into a series of extremely valuable self-teaching hours. :)
I like the way the video content is playing on and providing options to the users to perform minimal coding to understand the concepts.
As an R user, this was a great refresh on the basics of python and pandas for data analysis. Excited for the rest of the specialization
This is a excellent course to work with pandas and files from several types and structures. This the first course, but you keran a lot.
Great teaching material, and some challenging assignments. Overall a highly enjoyable course which gives a great base for using Pandas.
It was an insightful and wonderful learning experience. I learned a lot and the classes are both clear, to the point, and interesting.
assignments too hards, so it's worth it.recommend to everyone who want to be a data scientist or learn how to work python data science
In depth materials with hands-on projects using python for Data Science. I could not ask for a more comprehensive Introductory course.
Really thanks a lot Mr Brooks,nice explanation,good assignment content..helped a lot to improve my knowledge in data science concepts
This widens thinking perspective in pandas and improves debugging skills,overall it is good.Grader troubles in week 4,but it was ok..
difficulty level is good. in assignments -pls mention what steps to be achieved pointwise instead of giving only 1 problem statement.
Brilliant content. High standard. This was my first Coursera course and I was impressed with both the platform and the course content
assignments are made properly, even I(2 yr exp in python) took some time to complete!. Some directions in the assignment not clear...
Great course. I enjoyed from beginning till end. Lectures are very clear and assignments focused on based on real data. Thanks a lot.
One of the most useful courses to start a career in the field of Data Science. The assignment were really challenging and interesting
Tough course if you are new to Python and do not like to browse stackoverflow. Otherwise a great course with challenging assignments.
I enjoyed the course immensely, and learned a great deal. The week 4 assignment is particularly satisfying to complete successfully.
Excelent course for quickly start using python for data analysis. After only the first week part I could start using it on practice.
A clear and well structured introduction to Data Science in Python. The instructors are clear and knowledgeable on the topic. Thanks
The lectures were good and the the programming assignments were very challenging.Thank you very much for a well organised course. :)
The assignment has real-world data. It enhanced my knowledge of cleaning, merging, manipulating, and test for significance in data.
Amazing course! The course was built so nicely and made sure that the learner used every tool available to improve their knowledge.
Excellent course content. Specially i would like to thank University of Michigan and the Instructor for framing the course so well.
Some of the assignments could have been more explicit about the expected output. But, otherwise very hands on with some messy data.
Very informative and hands on course. I loved the coding assignment. It helped a ton with learning and were the most important part
Very informative. Although assignments were a bit tough and sometimes tricky as a beginner. But it got better with time. Thank you
This course is for skill upgrading , it's very usefull for learning Hypothesis ,Data Manupulation,One of the best Course is this!!
Great introduction to python for the novice, it also sets the tone for the rest of the class, I recommend to study this part well.
This course deserves your time if you want to learn about cleaning and manipulating data using python libraries numpy, pandas, ...
Very concise intro to data science with python. Assignment based grading is awesome and very helpful in solidifying the knowledge.
What a great course! I have some R and Matlab experience and it was a perfect course for me to hit the ground running with Python.
It was a very pleasant and quite difficult way! I am glad that I achieved the certificate upon completion of this awesome course!
great course! I have learned a lot especially though assignments. They are not easy to pass and require knowledge and dedication.
It's a really useful course to get your hands dirty and get familiar with python. The explanations are pretty structured as well.
This course is exactly what I was looking for as a quite expert programmer and data analyst but with zero experience in python!!!
Great introductory course to python. It really challenges you to use the knowledge learnt into some practice. Highly recommended.
Light-weighted Python intro that requires some previous experience with Python itself or other programming languages like MATLAB.
This course needs Python Programming background. It is more of self-study. Once you finish it, you will feel confident on Pandas.
This course was a good introduction to using Python for data science. I found the coverage of Pandas to be especially beneficial.
Very nicely designed and positioned course with lots of theoretical as well as practical details built to help you learn better.
good course, I appreciate, will be better if we can follow the lectures working in parallel at jupyter notebook from the week 1.
A very good course with basic knowledge for data science. However, it is a little bit challenging if you are fresh to this area.
Excellent course for the aspiring data enthusiast.Coding background is required and the assignments level are quite challenging.
Amazing intro to Data Science in Python. Plenty of good exercises and explanations to polish your Python skills. I learnt a lot.
Very good course for anyone interested in learning about panda series and dataframes, and interested in data science in general
Excellent content. It was a little bit challenging but it was fun. I enjoyed it. Thank you sir for your excellent explaination.
All lectures are good but some time i solved my problem on YouTube but great experience on this course i have learnt more....👍
I love this course, I have learned lots of new things about pandas from this course. I will recommend this course with 5 stars.
It was awesome experience. They have everything to get you to start very well. You can write code while you watching the video!
This course really gave me a hand on experience to learn data science using python and helped me develop and enhance my skills.
Amazing Learning Experience with the ability of the embedded Junyper Notebooks , Programming was made more fun and challenging.
Well organized course.  In particular, the assignment and instruction from TA provide the great insight of the course material.
Awesome content and engaging assignment ! Highly recommended to anyone interested in the application of python in data science.
It takes more time than expected if you don't have any prior experience in Python but it is worth all the effort! Great course!
its is very useful course,   by the title I thought its only intro but it has bit depth of python with respective of concepts .
An exceptional course to introduce you to the core fundamentals of data analysis in python. I'm glad I came across this course.
It's a great course with attention to detail.  The assignments are very detailed which help a lot in grasping the key concepts.
Thoroughly enjoyed. It was set at a good level – enough was left in the assignments so they felt like an actual accomplishment.
It was  very well designed course. I learn a lot of pandas and I'm looking forward for the next courses in the specialization.
This was a amazing course related to data science. Most of the topics were covered in this course and the level is quite high.
Great course. Assignments are challenging, and that is what forces you to apply the concepts explained and even learn further.
Nice course. But I recommend take first Python basic course before jumping to this course. It's a bit fast than basic courses.
Nice course to begin career as Data Scientist. You learn how to deal with Python objects and clean data for further analysis.
One of the best courses I've taken. Assignments were the best and hardest part.Thanks to all who make this learning possible.
Nice introduction to data science and python, focused on how to read, clean, transform, elaborate data with python and pandas
Final test was hard!, you need to put there more info about what it is really needed!! But I have really enjoyed the course!!
It is a really good course to help me know further about python and different packages. Highly recommend to take this course!
I have taken several Coursera courses, especially to Python and data related. This course is very useful to my research work.
A great introductory class to data science with challenging assignments  to build a solid understanding of pandas and numpy .
It's a very nice course. Assignments are very very good. Especially last week's assignments are challenging and interesting.
Assignments are well-crafted. It still requires a lot of self-learning to complete the course. Course forum is very helpful.
Awesome course! I really learned a lot! This is a very effective way to give a first step towards Data Analysis with Python!
The assignments do not have clear definition and guildlines.  It is very hard to see what's getting wrong in the submission.
Very good course. I leard a lot about python pandas and how to clean/structure/analyze data. I will practice more on pandas.
one of the very informative and precise course and the assignments are also very good. really made me hustle to solve them.
Very usefull and full of significant discoveries course! Recommended  for the beginners such as I was without this course:)
The course is really good learnt a lot things while involved in solving assignments,liked the lectures of brooks immensely.
Excellent course and to the point explanation. Although i believe video Lectures can be more fun.  hank you for the course.
Excellent Course!!  This course gives you understanding about data manipulation using pandas and other libraries in python.
Fantastic introductory course for Data Science beginners. The exercises helped me get hands-on experinece on real datasets.
Great introduction to the basics of the pandas library with plenty of opportunity for self-driven learning and exploration.
This course helps me to see the first sight of data science. It is very useful for my career path in the future. Thanks :)
Amazing course with high quality content. However I need to mention that I experienced many problems with the auto-grader.
Really good course, especially the assignment. they're all real world data, very useful skills I learned from this course.
Awesome course!! First ever course that pushes you beyond your limits and provides a real-world data wrangling experience.
Excellent course! Assignments help me to understand how to manipulate data in csv, txt and xls file into pandas dataframe.
The assignments definitely challenge you and upon course completion I felt confident that I could demonstrate a new skill.
A pretty challenging course! I learned a lot and would recommend to anyone interested in advanced python and data science.
Very good design and teaching for a intermediate level learning course! Easy to learn with practice with Jupyter notebook.
Thank you coursera for providing this course to me . I am really happy that learning something best course for my career.
The assignments are much tougher and exhaustive than the tutorials. It actually helps the student explore python language
really practical course, with great assignments that really test your understanding of how to use pandas to process data.
I have struggled a lot during this course to complete the assignments. It is hard, it is well taught and you learn a lot!
I loved the course, it is not easy, it requires work, but the results are very satisfactory. Really thank you very much.
It is really good course if anybody wants to mastery on Python, many of complex scenario covered as part of this course.
This course is excellent for newbies in learning data science. It gives a comprehensive description about data science .
great introductory course. totally recommended if you are always dropping class after class due to content or slow pace
Overall a very introductory and informative course, simple but a lot of very powerful skills using pandas is available.
Great Course! Will never forget this experience of self learning when I'll be working professionally.Thank You Coursera
Simple but yet a powerful course to introduce data science. Everything taught from scratch by such an amazing professor
Great crash course, strong community.  Amenable to self study, as the community is very helpful for when you get stuck.
Took me ages to complete the assignments given my limited programming skills! But totally enjoyed solving the problems.
A great course for the basics of data science. There were a few tricky questions as well. Overall, a great experience.
My first time with online learning and I found the instructional videos were very informative and professionally done.
Thank Michigan university for providing  us with this excellent course. I really appreciated it and got a lot from it.
It's a really good introduction to data science with python. They give you enough resources to deal with the exercises
I really learned a great deal from this course.   It opened up my eyes to this new world of big data and data science.
Excellent course ! Interesting materials and challenging assignments.  I'm glad I chose to go with the specialization!
Very well designed course , it compels students to go in-depth for assignment work.Very helpful Teaching staff as well
Excellent course. As someone that knows R and is trying to learn Python, I found it to be just what I was looking for.
A lot of knowledge, sometimes too dense. Treats you like an adult and encourages you to look on your own. Very useful.
Very condensed and practical. Good fit for the ones who already have some experience in DS using other tools (like R).
Amazing Course. Well Presented. Managed to teach the basics of Python programming and Applications in the real world.
it is fantastic experience with this course.this  course have content and much more knowledgeable about data science.
Even pass the class of Python for everyone still not easy for this advanced class, but the class content is very good
This course is really a great learning tool for Data Analysis. Dealing with auto-grader can sometimes be frustrating.
Great course, although not for beginners, i definitely learnt a great deal as one. I guess i'm not a beginner anymore
This would be the best course I have in this platform. Videos and readings are very brief but homework are fantastic!
I am pretty impressed by this course particularly I get to a lot about this subject I enjoyed this course thank you.
It was a great experience taking this course, I learned a lot and the process of learning is perfect for self-study.
One of the best possible introductions to Data Science! You'll end the course knowing how to really manipulate data!
It is a very interesting course. Even being an introductive one, it has a high level and a lot of material to learn.
This was an amazing course. Enjoyed studying with this course and the assignments were fruitful and challenging too.
Great course, challenging - but not too hard.Good introduction to Data Science. Basic knowledge of Python is needed.
This was a great and somehow challenging course , I've learned a lot from the subjects.Thanks to Michigan university
Not an easy course - assignments take a significant amount of time & independent research, which is a good thing imo
I like the course very much , though for me it is a challenge, but i do like it ,i can learn a lot of skills here .
Excellent to get started with data science with Python. Very good instructor and lots of hands on exercises. Kudos!
There should be more content to practice and study, if assignments are such a killer! Rest Everything was amazing.
I rank it with a five because I learned a lot, anyway I think you leave too much content to investigate on our own
An Amazing Course for starting off with DataScience If you have basic Knowledge of Python and a Knack for learning
I feel confident after doing courses on Coursera. It provides excellent assignments to boost knowledge and skills.
Really good and interesting, thanks for the reinforcement of the pandorable language and the use of Map and apply.
This course really helps me out to understand and get better insight about how to use python in data science field
I really liked the course and how it introduces Python to beginners. Kudos to Coursera and University of Michigan!
This is an amazing course. The teacher (Chris) is fantastic, extremely clear and a pleasure to listen his classes.
The course's content is great but the fact that we have to search by our self's for the tests was the best for me.
Awesome course! Way better than most introductory courses related to the use Python in a context of Data Science.
Very much liked the course, would recommend to my siblings and to other friends that are into this type of field.
Great introduction to Data Science. Christopher Brooks is great at explaining complex ideas on a very simple way.
Amazing course for beginners. Hands-on practice on pandas library using python. Assignments help learning better.
Learned a lot of things about pandas that I never knew before. Great course, great teacher, excellent assignments
I had a good learning experience with your website. It really helped a lot in completing this course. Thanks you!
Challenging, fun, and informative. Highly recommended if you think Python will be useful in your day-to-day work.
i loved the course!. This was my first experience on Data Science and I really liked the approach to the subject.
Best course for Introduction to DataScience, This course need a lot of self learning and also a lot of homework.
Excellente course to start learning Python, or review some important topics. Laso use it applied on a real data.
This is a great introductory course for learning python (data types, data wrangling, simple hypothesis testing).
Good course. I really appreciate how the Teaching assistants help you I you post a question on discussion forum.
Concise Video Content.Challenging Assignments. The thing I absolutely love about this course is the assignments.
The material in this course was quite valuable. I learned a lot and continue to use the knowledge daily. Thanks!
Very interesting course, specially the notebooks (exercises). Some optional tasks should be labeled accordingly.
Perfect course to learn pandas. Challenging and enjoyable at the same time ;) Thank you for this awesome course.
A hands on introduction in the Python programming language focusing in the use of the Panda library.Recommended!
this is amazing course, i am from indonesian never got this amazing course wow! i hope i can learn more in here
Really a good starter for Python Programming from a Data Science perspective. Looking forward to learning more.
This is a very helpful course for the beginners in the field, Data Science. I have totally enjoyed this course.
It's a very good starting point for data science, with plenty of coding work to ensure mastery of the material.
Great course and excellent instruction from the mentors and staff in the discussion forums, insightful tips :-)
This is very intensive and informative courses for those who want to learn data science with python. I love it.
very good course: good teaching style, good supplemental materials, useful assignments to master the key ideas.
nice course with nice assignments that teach us how to use pandas library to do the data clean job in practice.
I like that the assignments are challenging.  The practice quizes in the videos could be more well-structured.
An Awesome  tutorial to start learning Data science using Python and its Libraries ( NUMPY, PANDAS and etc...)
Great course for someone starting from scratch in Data Science. Knowledge of Python however is a prerequisite.
Excellent content, very good and clear instructors. Good exercises that'll keep you on your toes and learning.
Hands-on programming and experience data cleaning, could use a bit more help and assistance from TA's however.
Content is just amazing - provides the student enough knowledge so that you can research / google on your own.
Very useful course that refreshes my pandas/numpy knowledge. Good introduction to data analytics using python.
This course is very practical. It is a very good intro course to Pandas, numpy, data cleaning and manipulation
Best course to learn Pandas library and some basics of Python required for Data Sciences and Machine Learning.
It's a really complete course that challenge you to improve in the knowledge of python when working with data
Excelent course for data analysis, a great introduction for already knows a little bit of phyton programming.
Sometimes, between assignment and course lil' bit different but overall it's was fun way to learn new skill..
If you have confidence in your logic ability, you can come here to try it, and you will have very good gains!
This is a great course and has challenging projects that help any learner develop their Python Pandas skills.
I personally liked the weekly assignments. And the course content is really good for a beginner in the python
Great Course! I learn a lot about Python, Pandas and other areas. Looking forward to taking the next courses.
Great course to learn python if you have prior coding experience with languages like java, C++ or javascript.
this is a very good course for beginners in data science field. i highly recommend this course to beginners.
good explanations with guided examples.Assignments are really good to understand the topics we have covered.
This course is very interesting.. I have learned so many things related to machine learning and programming.
It was an interesting course to me.I learn a lot from the course.It was not a very easy course to me at all.
This course is simple approach to one of the most sought after skills in the world. Would highly recommend!!
This course is quite systematic  and helpful, though all assignments are not easy, but did help me to learn.
everything was great except for assignment no 4. was very unclear, however blog and TA's are very helpful :)
Great course. Thanks very much learned a lot, especially with regards to how useful dataframes actually are!
Much more practice-based than similar courses on Coursera - expect to spend a lot of time on Stack Overflow!
it creates my base and provide me an overview of Data Science.Great assignments to play with real time data.
Brilliant course which introduces you to Pandas module. I am very eager to participate in follow-up courses.
This is a great course to learn about Data Science techniques. The profesors explains all the topics clearly
Wonderful Instructor. Course assignment is strong enough to learn this things. Thanks for this great course.
Extremelly intese and helpful, you can definutely master Pandas in a week if you practice 4-5 hours per day
I've learned a lot in this course, starting by leveling my Python, to a lot of Pandas and Numpy, thank you.
Really Nice Course....Very thoughtfully Curated contents making it easy to understand for beginners like me
Great introduction to data science in python, easy to understand although I don't have experience in Python
Useful course to get familiar with Python. Assginments are tough but that's the only way to learn for real.
This course helps me a lot! Thanks for all staffs. Hope the grader system coud give more specific feedback.
Very good course. Really useful content. Perfectly explained even for non native english speaking  people.
Takes much longer than 4 weeks and lectures are a little fast, but exercises are where the true value lies
excellent lecture videos, very realistic practical examples, thoughtfully designed programming assignments
What a great course i learned a lot of principles that have helped me to do meaningful things using python
it is a bit challenging so it really helps me make great progress in mastering basic data analysis skills.
Great learning experience for people who are beginning with python. Course focuses a lot on self-learning.
Challenging with real life dataset examples that help you find solutions in a less pre-scribed environment
Nice course, the study material is great for someone with aim of understanding the basics of Data Science.
I really enjoyed this course.  The assignments were challenging and really reinforced the lecture content.
Excellent course to refresh on the concepts of programmingVery active forum and support from staff members
It is a great course to start data science. The instructor Chris has described every method or functions.
Great learning experience in unleashing about Data Science Basics & Fundamentals, python in Data science.
Amazing Course : Totally Worth it! Had an Amazing Experience and got to learn a lot of interesting stuff!
Absolutely tough and challenging. Should have experience with numpy and pandas libraries as prerequisites
The best course I ever chosen in my life. Thank you for giving me a chance to pursue this course. Thanks.
It was excellent course. I have learned tones of materials on Python and I'm very glad for it. Good Luck!
Tough and very challenging! Definitely worth the opportunity with UM staff getting a free set of classes!
Very good course. But need to search lot in web to complete the assignment. But at the end learned a lot.
Very good and Interactive tutorial to learn panda and numpy. Very helpful quiz and programming exercises.
This was an excellent introductory course to manipulating data using python. I would highly recommend it!
Assignments are helpful to get fluent in implementation. Jupyter notebooks integration is the best part.
The hands on practices were awesome...Easy to learn data science with this course..Thanks to Instructor.
very good course and nice teacher, I learned all the skill to analysys data set using python and pandas.
This course is realy amazing for who wants to learn Pandas in an advanced level and not just the basics!
Very good course offering a lot of knowledge about data manipulation and handling. Totally recommend it.
Excellent Course.  The homework was really great at testing the material and also extending the content.
It's a comprehensive course for the learners who wants to learn the skills of data science using python.
good intro to pandas and some numpy.   students need to deep dive into each subject to become proficient
It is great to kickstart the data science journey. I am really excited to complete this specialization.
very interactive with a lot of practice. I liked this course and can't wait to jump into the next one !
Excellent but Assignment is quite difficult and time consuming, not related with the content of videos.
The best course to start with.  You would require prior python knowledge prior to starting this course.
For those who want to get into Data Science this course along with the specialization is the way to go!
Great course. Clear, concise, to the point. It really makes you learn and apply the concepts very well.
Very good course, challenging and encouraging the student to learn both from the course and by himself.
After taking other courses, I edited my comment. I realized that this course is really 5 stars courses.
Very Good and exciting course, i have get many information which will be helpful for my future career.
Pretty good course, I learned a lot and the assigments were pretty challenging which I liked the most!
Pretty awesome course. The instructor is very well prepared and the material/activities are excellent!
Course is little insightful. Assignments are tough. But if study properly, you will enjoy the journey.
Great course! The assignments are challenging but interesting. I think I learn a lot from this course.
It's a very interesting course and encouranges one to learn more if you have never worked with pandas.
Excellent way to learn basics of Data Science using Python. I am very well satisfied with this course!
It's a very good course to ramp you up in python pandas and in how to deal with data frames and series
One of the best course present online, especially for someone very new new to python and data science.
The course helps you understand the importance of data science and its application to the real world.
Overall, it was an amazing course. Include all challenges that you can see in real world experiences.
Helpfull course, I learned a lot of skills for insiance, pandas ,numpy and dealing with large dataset
The automated grading system for Jupyter notebooks isn't great, but the content itself is outstanding
Great course! This course helps verify what data science, statistics analysis, ... with full picture.
Very nice course. Professor explains clearly. Materials are complete and not difficult to understand.
This course is only for people who are good at python(object oriented programming is not necessary).
Awesome Course the level of Assignments is too good for learning, you learn by doing in this course.
Amazing course, good introduction to pandas and I loved the hypothesis testing part ! Great course !
Really great course, I could study with friends and explore many issues I had !!! Thank you so much!
In general quite good but some part are explained quite fast. But thank you for good lecture overall
Lucidly explained the basics of Python programming. Made it easy for a newbie of Python programming.
Excellent introduction and exercises on Data cleaning, data reading, and data analysis using Python.
Course structure is very clean so that everyone can understand the topic from root to advanced level
Great learning experience with a very good teacher. A little bit difficult but, hey this is science!
Amazing course. Really easy to follow along as long as you put the work in and study you'll be fine!
I liked this course. The type of evaluations and discussion forums were challenging and interesting
The assignments were bit difficult than expected. But overall it was a wonderful course. Thank you.
teaching was superb and everything was clearly explained. The discussion forum was also interactive
The assignments were challenging and it was a great time learning this course. Thank You, Coursera!
Loved it! Would you consider adding an optional sixth week for those who are willing to go further?
A very good course for learning python. I've got great confidence in handling dataframes in python.
Very succinct and provided fundamental information. Moves quickly, but rewatching the videos helps.
I like this course as it is kind of difficult for new birds but quite interesting for growing birds
This course is a great opportunity to understand and deepen into de topics related to Data Science.
Excellent practice assignments but please provide a little more detailed feedback in grader output.
I have learned an amazing amount about Pandas and how powerful it is for Data Science, Thanks Peter
The professor speaks really fast, but the content is fantastic. This course is extremely practical.
I really
 learned a lot and I genuinely felt like I improved since taking this 
course. Thank you!
The Discussion Forum for this Course is the best I have ever seen for any Course on this Platform.
Really this course is awesome for beginners and lecture deliver way is also nice by the professor.
for a beginner it was really tough, but after completing the course it gave me immense confidence.
Very useful, compact, interesting tasks that corresponds with the real tasks I had in my real work
Very good course for learn the most expensive part of machin learning : download and cleaning data
Best course to explore data science using python. Challenging course if your basics are not clear.
I think this is best course for beginner and all along with the level of questions and assignments
Excellent course for learning data manipulation with Python. Perfect for beginner/novice learners.
The tests/exercises are awesome, though I think some questions should have more details or example
A lot more difficult than PY4E. Really struggled a lot on the assignment, but definitely worth it!
A difficult course, but I'm completely sure that you learn a lot and it help you for the real work
An amazing course, both content and illustration, for an intermediate level data science learners.
Somewhat demanding for somebody who didn't have much experience with pandas but very professional.
The assignments were difficult enough to enforce the concepts taught, which I found very effective
Perfect course. I have learned more about python in data science. Exercises can be really helpful!
Amazing course! Well-thought out and just the right balance between instruction and self-learning.
Very good and practical course. Challenging and enjoyable assessments. Thank you very much indeed.
Really great course about data science in python and pandas in particular. Absolutely recommended!
A very well designed course for beginners and it is very helpful to learn data science in python.
The experience was amazing. Each  assignment was challenging and always pushes you to learn more.
Had been a good experience developing the first capabilities to data manipulating, thank for all!
Very nice course to learn pandas library.Assessment (especially last one) need better description
I love so much this course. The material teaches clearly and easies to understand by the lecture.
Brief and well-structured material as expected from university class. Self-exploration is a must.
Great course with amazing learning tools and a great variety of resources to take advantage from.
Very good course with lots of hands on experience. Jupyter Notebooks are very good learning tool.
Very nice introduction, I wish homework were more clear and the autograder was much more smarter.
Interesting lectures with useful checkpoints. Challenging assignments. Good learning experience.
Got great hands on experience on data science and python with very nice assignments and project.
A very detailed course and all the explanations were very clear with good materials for practice
The course instructor is very good. His way of describing all the things are really interesting.
I'm really amazed to have the course of the instructor. I am confident enough to play with data.
Good introduction. Assignments were more interesting and helpful to gain comfort and confidence.
I've learned the basics of Data Science and also learned some python along the way. Mucho gusto!
Great course. Good level of difficulty in the assignments challenging the students for learning.
Good data science course for those having programming background with  fair knowledge of python.
This course was really useful. It progressed at a good pace and concepts were explained clearly.
It provides plenty resources and requires a lot more effort from the learners  of point of view.
Excellent material.  Excellent teaching.  Challenging problem sets.  Autograder needs some work.
If you know some high-school level programming , I would highly recommend this course for you .
I felt course challenged me enough to keep it interesting. Some frustration with the autograder
Excellent course. Quite useful to get into python programming with application to data science.
Excellent material, bit tough for beginners but excellent way to learn data science with python
An overall great course. Well-designed assignments, supportive community, really learned a lot.
Awesome, not an easy one, stretched my Pandas and data analysis skills, and a bit of statistics
Challenging fast paced course that requires you to do a lot of self-learning.  I learned a lot.
The programming assignments were really demanding + the instructor is good. I've learned a lot!
Fantastic introduction to data cleaning, manipulation, visualization, and analysis with Python.
Great course , and the forums was really helpful in getting best of the course ....Thanks a lot
Excellent introduction and getting working with the several python libraries for data analysis.
This course is very useful for those who have a little foundametion of python but not familiar.
Very challenging course! The assignments requires a lot of individual research and dedication.
Great even if you are not an expert with python as long as your coding foundations are strong.
Great introductory course for someone who has a solid foundation in programming but not python
Lectures clearly explain material and you can gain first experience with practical assignments
A few tricky homework assignments but I really enjoyed this course! I learned many new things.
This course is so useful, I learned a lot about python. As a starter, I very like this course.
Great but hard course. Consider good statistical or theoretical data science course before it.
I learned a lot in this course. Very happy with the contents and challenges in the assignments
High quality content. Thank you Coursera and the University of Michigan for this opportunity.
Very good course. The assignments could be very challenging, but the information is worth it.
The best course to get introduced to data science, high workload improving analytical skills.
Really great course.Looking for more like it.Love both astronomy and software, this had both!
Course was awesome assignments need a lot of research and googling, I liked the course a lot.
Very clear introduction to Python data analysis packages. I will continue the specialisation.
Awesome experience, A very good refresher on Pandas and other fundamentals over the weekends.
excellent courser, i will recommend to everyone who would like to study python data analytics
Really hard stuff, the student has to research a lot on his side, but it was an worth effort!
This course is very helpful, the material presented is very appropriate to the real problem.
Very good course for data science. There is just need for better explanation in assignments.
The teacher is sophisticated and the course is well-organized especially for the assignment.
the best course I had on Coursera so far. Assignments are well designed to deepen knowledge.
Very informative and challenging... good work for brain and increases the thought process :)
This course helps me to go over some Python skills and partly improve my programming skills.
Very thorough introduction. Does require some knowledge going in. Appropriately challenging.
The assignments are the highlight for me. I feel a lot more confident after completing them.
very hard course but i had lots of hours programming in Python so this course is a good one
Amazing. This course helped me to analyze various ways to manipulate data and to store data
I'm really happy to learn from University Of Michigan . It gave me lot of confidence in me.
The couse is great and helped me  a lot to further exploring in the field of data analysis.
Great course for introduction data science, but have some python skills is better to learn.
best course on coursera; great assignments and deep introduction to Pandas and Data Science
Good Lesson, it's not very easy. The map of the class is clear and it really help me a lot.
Quite interesting course. Looking forward to enroll in other courses in the specialization.
Quite tough for non-programmers, but definitely a good intro into data science with python.
This course zeroes in on the best prerequisites to start towards data handling with python.
Very good practice strengthening the data manipulation through python (particularly pandas)
great course, but there is a bit too much individual learning. spent a lot of time googling
Great course for basic python and pandas. Assignments were meaningful and well constructed.
Excellent course. It really motivated me to work very hard to make all assignments  on time
great course ! sometimes could be challenging, but totally worth the time you invest in it
the assignments were really good and the final project was based on real world experience.
Very useful and well structured! I love the assignments they are such a good way to learn!
I learn a lot form this course. I really want to say "Thanks" from the bottom of my heart!
Clear guidelines and lectures, very useful forum, challenging but interesting assignments!
The course is great to learn python a new learner, but the assignment is kind of ambiguous
Awesome study material and very informative video lectures. I enjoyed it a lot. Thank you!
Course designed well. If the examples are explained bit more clearly, it would be helpful.
Great course to learn about Pandas (python) library, or to refresh if you know it already.
An excellent course, though I think some of the assignments should be a little more guided
Just brilliant, simple but with the right subject start the data science career in python
Extremely hard. Even with good content, most of the learning come from searching outside.
The course material provided is absolutely great and sufficient for better understanding.
I really enjoyed this and felt like I was pushed to learn pandas appropriately throughout
Excellent course for beginners .... good material , assignment and grading system and for
Really nice and informative course. Enjoyed a lot and gained a lot of hands-on knowledge.
Great course and very good lecturer. I recommend for every old and future Data Scientist.
Great tutor and interactive build up from fundamentals to the very challenging concepts..
great course for a start! at the end its all about how you practice from what you leanred
Amazing course including different learnings as Statistics, Pandas, Numpy, Scipy and on.
Very interactive classroom and the teacher was able to explain difficult concept easily.
This course was very fun and was a great teacher in starting my journey in Data Science.
Practical oriented course. Gain some basic python knowledge before starting this course.
assignments were challenging but made me learn and understand so much better than a book
Absolutely recommended for beginners, use of pandas for data wrangling taught very well.
Assignments are challenging. Can learn a lot in a short amount of time from this course.
This is a very nice, structured organized course to start on empirical machine learning.
It is a tough class for me, I read over three times, I feel good to pass the assignment.
It was an excellent course with great challenges for the first steps into data science.
It;s really good for beginners also , it helped me in understanding  about data science
Coursera is a great platform for educational purposes and this course was  very helpful
High Quality Stuff. So good for beginners to learn pandas , python and statistics here.
Very helpful course. I've learned a lot =] Now I can say that I know how to use pandas.
This course is great. The knowledge gained in this course is very useful in real world.
Though assignments are tough, but mentor support in discussion forums are incredible :)
Fantastic course for those looking for a solid introduction to Pandas and Data Science!
Learned so much for this course. Very intensive and challenging, but also a lot of fun.
Good platform to learn on your own and also assignment makes us to revise the learning
Well, the course gives the real-life data manipulation and analysis. great experience!
Excellent experience while working with this course.Many insights and good assignments
I've tried a f ew resources to increase my skills but this course is the best one yet.
The teaching staff was very clear with what he was saying and was easier to understand
Good course with challenging assignments and active discussion board. Off to the next.
Very good course. Realy gave me the ground basis to start start in Data Science field.
Amazing Course  really I had the opportunity to learn a lot,,,,Thank you Mr.Brooks :-)
Very good materials, teacher and structure. Good foundation for other DS / ML courses.
It provided me just enough knowledge to start my journey in the field of Data Science.
Its a very Good Experience, and i believe  i can work with pandas and play with pandas
The course was engaging and challenging for beginner like me. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
A bit complicated grading system & Jupiter itself if you prepare assignments offline.
Great course! Concepts are clear with assignments designed to test our understanding.
This is one of the finest curriculum on Data Science using Python, i have gone thru'.
challenging!  Good class.  Sophie's tips posted to the forum helped me a lot, thanks!
The course was very informative to have solid baseline to heading on machine learning
Very good course to start with. Thanks a lot. Explanation and exercise were too good.
Excellent course for practicing and learning to manipulate and fiddle pandas library!
Awesome course to start study datascience using python, nice and hard projects to do!
It's a great course. I learn what I want to learn to prepare my Data science program
Excellent course for Data Science, very important and concise content of the course.
Great course but has a steep learning curve if you have never used Python or Pandas.
Good Course for revision of concepts and filling knowledge gaps..Lots of self study.
More useful for beginners, creates lots of interest and help to achieve their goals!
Very nice course, everything was explained in a very nice and easy to understand way
Awesome lectures, gave great insight ainto working with data using the scipy library
Excellent course, if you don't know python then must learn the basics and come here.
I love this course. It's phenomenal. The assignments are great and lessons are clear
Very demanding and tough course, but I learned a lot and it was never too difficult.
Great experience. Learnt a lot. Thank you Mr. Christopher Brooks for great teaching.
Excellent course for the beginners. Could be challenging even for experienced users.
Lectures were good intro into the material, but the forums had the most needed info.
The course was wonderful. Really helped in understanding what Data Science is about.
very good, but some difficult to finish the assignment if have no coding experience.
i learned new thing in this course,i suggest to teach more theory,thank you so much
Amazing! Although videos are short, assignment is both instructive and challenging.
Great course. Learned soo much. Feel confident to start applying python to problems
this course is great and it is very use full for me thanq coursera for this  chance
This is a good start to programming in python and how to work on large sets of data
Fantastic topics and reading assignments. Like to see more challenging assignments.
A fantastic course. Highly recommend for beginning Python and for Python refresher.
Very interesting course, with good assignments. It's a nice introduction to Python.
Great course. It provide a good platform to understand Python with Pandas in depth.
This is an excellent course which should be taken when you want to practice Pandas!
Excellent course and lot to learn, one of the best data analysis toolkit available.
Its a very GREAT course, specially for beginners aspiring to become data scientist
interesting course, good challenges in assignments, brief videos and much practice
Great introductory course for those who are a novice in the the field of big Data!
I really liked the Assignments given. They are a good way to learn and understand.
A very classy course. One thing you will face is the pace of the course is so fast
It is a good course. Just add some study material with it for reference in future.
Well structured course providing a good insight to Data Science concepts in Python
Great class, not overwhelming, right pace to learn when you are working a day job.
I like the feelings of figuring  out solutions to each assignments in the course.
Excellent course!teacher's explanation were good and assignments are challenging.
Nice introduction,in depth concept details, easy to hard level of coding excersce
Its a wonderfule journey with the course. I learn lot of things from this course.
Fantastic course, but you need to know your way around Python before starting it.
really helpful course to get me familiar with python, jupyter notebook and numpy!
very good introduction course in data science in Python. Good quality of lessons.
This course is helpful for the basic learner who wants to go deep in Data Science
Essential course for any person who want to start learning Data Science in Python
This was just amazing. We have learnt ipython and pandas with real life problems.
Professor has everything covered, and I really learned a lot through this course.
Nice course, you've to work hard to pass the course and definitely you learn more
I like the course material and the instructor. He is concise, pleasant and clear.
At the end of the course, I feel the confidence it has given me in handling data.
Because assignment 2 show 404 not found so this course always upset all students
Excellent course !!! Assignments are fun and great to learn and test new skills.
The pandas tutorials were really cool and the assignments were indeed inspiring.
Informative and crisp. It gave all the required insight into the topics clearly.
Verygoodhandsonexperienceofpythonlibraries and basic data analysis  using python
it gives me the overview of data science , data analysis and data visualisations
I highly recommend the course as very helpful great help from the teacher staff.
Very good and very hands on course , makes one to think and analyze the content.
Difficult assignments  with useful but short lectures, but that is how I like it
My first course in  Coursera and a great experience, I will definitely continue!
Amazing Course! It really helps improve my understanding for the pandas library.
The course is so useful that I really want to thank the platform and all of you.
I've Loved  a lot and everything is at one stop to learn Data sciences in Python
I loved the course. The assignments were challenging, but rewarding to complete!
very intersting course in which you can learn many thing about cleaning data etc
Amazing course, all concepts clearly explained. The course is very interesting.
I really liked this course, but some parts kicked my butt, specially at the end
coding was tough to get through the autograder but in the end I was victorious.
Hard but very rewarding! The second part will show you how much you've learned.
Assignments take lots of effort to finish, but it's a good learning experience.
Superbly presented lectures. Exactly the pandas introduction I was looking for.
Simply superb.Great platform to knowledge seekers..Thanks a lot.I owe u a lot..
All the topics are well framed and handpicked for beginners.Thank you coursera.
It is a deep introduction, really nice to be used as a reference in DS projects
The instructor was great . The assignments were good and helped me learn a lot.
The study material of this course is well organised  and thanks to lecturer ..
I would give 4.5. one of the best course in coursera. the trainer was awesome.
A lot of information and definitely need more than 4 week(6-8h) to accomplish.
Its very good cousrea , I have done in coursera and it cleared all my concepts
Very Interesting course , and really beneficial for people new to Data Science
create more courses as such and allow unprivileged individuals access to them.
Requires a lot of home work , but good learning <3, thank you for the guidance
At the moment, a very interesting experience. It seems very similar to Matlab.
very practical and efficient - high useful skills gained per time spent ratio!
Best Data Science Course. Learned new techniques and Insight of Data Science.
Requires some self learning/searching but I liked the challenging assingments
Super challenging, but you definitely learn a lot of industry relevant theory
This course is great as it was. Itself contains full content to guide A to Z.
Great exercises and very god hands-on learning experience with pandas library
Great introductory course overall, but requires a lot of self study from you.
it is a great source if you are a beginner in pandas it will help you so much
This course was very helpful to start learning about data science and python.
Chris Brooks is a fantastic instructor.  The lectures are clear and engaging.
Awsome course with good balance betweern Challange,Reasearch and Progression.
Good course, but there is a gap between the assignments and course lectures.
This course is very useful, I am so glad and thankfulness with courses team.
The instructor's video was very good and the assignment enabled me to think.
Excellent course. This course is amazing only because of Christopher Brooks.
The course was designed very well. The notebooks given were of immense help.
A really enjoyable course, very well presented throughout and easy to follow
I learnded how to effectively use pandas to process data, very good lesssons
Congratulations, folks! This course is amazing! I learned *a lot* on it!  =]
The best course for beginners like me. The way Professor teaches is awesome.
Excellent information, resources and topics covered! Learned a lot. Thanks!
Great Course, a little difficult at the end, but it's really great. Thanks.
A Must course for a Data Science beginner or for a Data Science Enthusiast.
This course teaches you to understand the documentation yourself. I advise!
This course is amazing and the instructor teach everything in very easy way
Excellent course and the things on the way. logical assignments and quizes.
Great class to get the wheels churning in data science and python. Go Blue!
Its hard and you are expected to use other resources a lot but its worth it
Challenging and fun course. I can see how powerful this methodology can be.
Thanks a lot for your work. It's a great course for data sciense in python!
Very nice introduction to pandas for those who already know how to program.
Excellent! A little harder for new students in python but very interesting!
Aewsome and challenging course if you want to break in data science world.
Excellent content and well presented. Assignment 4 could have been simpler
This course is good and elaborative and the exercises are also challenging
Loved the content and assignments. Learned so much! Keep up the good work.
Those projects were so cool and a challenge. I've really enjoy that part!!
Perfect solution for those who want to dive into data science with Python.
This course was really worth paying!!!Thank you for providing this course!
Great course.  Although I already knew python but I learned an awful lot.
This course was very helpful to educate an individual about Data Science.
It is a very good introductory course to data science field using Python.
I was surprised by how much knowledge I got out of a 4 week online course
One of the best courses on Data Science and Python, Keep up the good work
Excellent intro course with a raising complexity of homework assignments!
Beautiful course , gained real insight about the python and data science.
Very Good course with practical implementation of the concepts you learn.
Congratulation ... This is a course  that any python biginner have to see
It needs some previous experience with Python and if possible with Pandas
Excellent course. Good classes and the assignment push you to go further!
Great course, very complete to learn the basic of data science in python
Good course for better understanding of libraries like pandas and NumPy.
The course is very well designed for beginners to Data Science in Python
This course is really good for learning data science libraries in python
Right depth and very useful problems to solve as part of the assignments
Good Course. Introduction to python library that needed for data science
A great start with hands on experience. I can only recommend this Course
The assignment auto grader is super super annoying, others are all good.
Very Detailed course, must have for a beginners to get into Data Science
Really nice course to learn about Data manipulation using Pandas Library
Great class! I found the 3 assignments challenging, but I learned a ton.
Don't like statistics, good experience in how to apply python and pandas
challenging and helpful assignments. i learned so much from this course!
Good course. Better than most other courses.Assignments are challenging.
Great course if you are new to pandas and statistical features of Python
Great basic introduction to the pandas library and data science concepts
Its great course for learning pandas and how it is used in Data science
One should has fundamental in Python and Statistic to take this course.
Best way of learning! Assignments are really challenging and fun to do.
a great introduction of data science using python programming language.
it is an excellent course which give great insights about data science,
One of the best courses for studying tabular data analysis using pandas
This course is very helpful for me, I learn lot of things using python.
I gained perspective on the solution of real-life problems with python.
Highest learning potential amongst all the Coursera courses I have done
Good exercise, very practical course, teach and self learning combined.
A great course to learn data cleaning and working with large data sets.
Great material to get introduced to world of data science using Python!
Challenging assignments, clear and concise explanations, learned a ton!
Thank you so much sir. I so love this course. This is one of the best.
Excellent Course maybe the best that i´ve taken in Coursera until now.
extremely helpful course who want to enter into domain of data science
Excellent to take up this course as on the coming future technologies.
An amazing course for beginners, there is a lot of new stuff to learn.
great. This course is very clear and teach me basic panda. Very useful
it was hard as i hoped it would begood help in the forum(thanks Yusuf)
Awesome course for someone who wants to brush up Python with Ds skills
Excellent course!! Covers the basic concept of Statistics with Python.
A great course! Assignments can be tricky to solve, but are rewarding.
Exceptional course to get a complete introduction to pandas in python!
It was terrific, complete hands-on experience with real case problems.
very nice explanations provided in the videos really liked the course.
Awesome course for beginners to learn basics and how it is applicable.
The course was beyond my expectations, and I was intrigued by mentors.
It is a hard process to learn this lesson, but also rewarding. Thanks.
Awesome course for those who want to kick start a data science career.
Excellent class, well-designed programming exercises with autograding.
Really EXCELLENT Course, Made me really confident with Pandas & Numpy
i really enjoyed this course even if  it was harder than i excpected.
This course have wonderful challenging assignments to test our skills
Very compact, though complete course, good start for learning Python.
It provides a very good introduction to both Data Science and Python.
awesome course! it's so easy to follow along. the teachers are great!
A good start. However, most of the material is left for self-learning
Could Improve the grader. Seems to have bugs, or it's a bit outdated.
By far the best course to develop programming skills in data science.
Highly recommended course. Need to have prior programming experience.
A comprehensive and informative course. It was really useful  for me.
Great course for getting to grips with basic python for data science.
very nice couse ...course material is good enough to learn new things
An excellent introduction to pandas using carefully crafted prompts.
I have learned a lot and thanks for the excellent lessons of python.
Excellent, everything easy to understand materials and video classes
this course is excellent and it is very helpful for my other courses
Excellent!!! Maybe add some statistics or math in the qualification.
one of the best website that provide the best knowledge all the time
It is a good course and i learned a lot about pandas in this course.
This course was sometimes challenging for me, that's why I loved it!
Nice course. Specially Python is well utilised to learn data science
Excellent course! So much practice. There are few courses like this!
it has a very good method of teaching and it is very informative :))
The assignments makes sure that you learnt well, highly recommended
Great subject if you want to go deeper in data science with python.
very good course for student how have strong basics of data science
Great Assignment . It really test your skills in python and pandas.
A great introductory course and recommended for beginner in Python.
Very good learning platform which I first implemented successfully.
It is enough for learning basics of python for data science. Thanks
This course help me a lot of utilizing python to handle large data.
Perfect level of difficulty and very comfortable and easy to learn!
I am highly reccommending this course for students and researchers.
The lectures was awesome and so were the course assignments, quizes
Highly informative and intrigues you to delve into the topic deeper
Great Introductory course of python libraries like pandas and numpy
This course gives you chance to understand basic of python /pandas.
Excellent course. Pretty challenging, but that's the way I like it.
Helped a lot in understanding basic behind data science! Thank you!
Well organized and detailed. I like the way the lectures organized.
Very nice course with good demonstration and practical assignments.
Excellent Course. It covers many useful topics and tips for Pandas.
Really nice course to get you start with the Data science in Python
Very informative course.It really helped me with my python coding.
i really enjoyd the course ! thank you so much cristopher brooks !
I've learnt things which will definitely help me. Thankyou so much
Nice Concepts and i learned about using the python in Data Science
this is the great learning process and very well planned questions
suitable code for better understanding the concept of data science
The versions of pandas and numpy used in this course are outdated.
Great course! I highly recommend it for beginners in Data Science.
great course, you should have knowledge of python before starting.
The course is very good to get started with Python essential for M
Very useful data science course with python. I have learned a lot.
Very good starter on learning the basics for python data analysis.
Too many things to learn. The best Python course I've had so far!!
Good introduction to Pandas and Numpy.  I enjoyed the assignments.
Fast-paced course requiring time to finish - but totally worth it!
This course has helped me equip basics knowledge of Python Pandas.
Even short, but give a hint and big picture how data science works
Excellent course for beginners in python. Hats off coursera team.
I obtained very good skills essential to manage data with Python.
Every graduate's bootstrap into the modern world of Data Science.
Excellent presentation, exercise and reading materials. Thank you
I have greatly improved my data manipulation and analysis skills.
Great course on introduction to data science. Well worth the time
I really learned a lot of useful knowledge about numpy and pandas
very impressive course but the project with many cumbersome issue
Many hours of work, tough course, the way it has to be. Congrats.
Best course for any data science students. Assignments are great.
Great course, great teacher, great structure. Easy to pass tough.
Excellent way to start your goal to become an expertise in python
Great intro to DS in Python, the lecture videos are really good!
Great course, maybe I need more knowlodge for manipulating data.
Hard and require lot of time to get your hands dirty with pandas
Great course, interactive videos and auto validated submissions!
Great instruction and challenging problems.  This was enjoyable.
amazing start to python could not recommend this course enough!!
It is a great introductory course to Python use in Data Science.
this course is nice and it is very useful for my further studies
This course has been one of the best he took: D. Thank Coursera!
Fantastic intro to pandas. Gave me the foundation to learn more!
Very good course for all Technical and Executive Data Scientists
A very Helpful course for beginners to learn while learning ML.
Great course, goes through all the basics and its very complete
Excellent course! Very helpful to grow in my career. Thank you.
The course content is very good and provide excellent knowledge
the course very interesting very helpful and excellent content.
it's a very helpful tutorial for starting data science learning
A lot of work. Not easy to pass exams. Good investment of time.
excellent course and very helpful.....thank you so much sir...
Very nice explanation using various python modules, I love it.
Very effective course to start with. Thanks to the instructor.
Really helped me get my first step to data science with Python
All the lectures are very interesting and easy to understand..
lecturer was really good but used a little complicated english
Has the level of programming exercises that I was looking for.
I love the way concepts are explained with clear articulation.
Tasks where quite challenging compared to the course contents.
Learnt the Basics of Data Science with Python with this course
Training session and material is very good. it is worth for me
Great course! Well designed homework! I learned a lot from it!
Great introduction to practical data manipulation with pandas!
Best course for introduction to python basics, numpy , pandas.
It is a great course. especially on the excellent assignments.
High quality content and challenging assignments. Really good!
Its an Exceptional Course and Prof. Brooks is a great Teacher
Very nice course as it also involves practical implementation
It expects the learner to understand fast which is difficult.
A very powerful course to get you started as a data scientist
One of the best course on coursera with excellent assignments
Awesome Course, should give it a try to get a grasp of Pandas
For starting Python from the scratch, this is a great course.
Learned a lot of new stuff, specially Pandas is cool, thanks!
The pace of this course is a little fast, but useful content.
The course is good. There is lot of stuff to learn in python.
I loved the amount of hands-on practice, really helped a lot.
Very good course!  I learned a lot in both Python and Pandas!
Great course and challenging if you are still learning Pandas
The course was very helpful. Learned a lot from the problems.
Excellent introduction to data science with python. Thank you
amazing experience.Learned so much in short time...well done
Thanks, I learned too much and felt my skills have improved.
Excellent course for beginners who are learning Data Science
Course taught with exceptional detail and patience. Loved it
the course was really good.Felt bit difficult in assignments
i feel much better and greatful after completing this course
Good content and very helpful in understanding the concepts.
A great introduction course of getting familiar with pandas.
This course got me started with data manipulations in Python
An intro to pandas. The assignment is very good to practice.
Great introduction to Data Science! Thanks Professor Brooks!
Challenging but definitely a good grounding to data science
I have done several online courses this is by far the best.
A top level course to understand the basics of Data Science
More detailed explanation should be provided in the course.
Course structure keeps me linked to real time data analysis
Great platform to learn data science for complete beginner.
This was an amazing course, so far. I enjoyed this one too.
Excellent. I learned as like as I learned in my university.
Enjoyed the assignments :) and of course the course content
thanks university of michigan for letting me do this course
i don't quite understand all the concepts but it is free :)
Contents included in lectures do no match assignments well.
I thank so much professor Brooks and the team of the cours.
Excellent course and very good and challenging assignments
Good course with nice material! Not too easy but feasible!
First ever cours which actually tests the knowledge gained
An excellent course to enter to the world of data science!
I think the tests are too hard or maybe I am just too dumb
The course was very good and instructor was also very good
Assignments modelling is really great.really learned a lot
The discussion forum is very very helpful for assignments.
Great course, got to know a lot about the pandas framework
Excellent, high quality, affordable education. THANK YOU!!
Great practical assignment and might need more explanation
I like this course. The assignments were very interesting!
Great course to learn Pandas! Very challenging assignments
Loved this course.Too much to learn .recommending everyone
need more  relevant topic videos before project/assignment
Excellent introduction course for Pandas, NumPy and SciPy!
Helpful overview of pandas. Has a lot of useful exercises.
Excellent course on introduction to data science in Python
Great course for beginners. And Instructor is also great.
A brilliant course which emphasize on practical learning.
Great forum for learning and increase technical knowledge
It is awesome course giving detailed knowledge of Python.
Very structured and well explained but still challenging!
Awesome Experience. Well  Managed course, I learned a lot
Amazing course. It's a little bit harder than I expected.
I enjoyed this course and learned good python. Thank you!
One of the best courses to learn data science and python.
Diffcult but useful！The basics of all other four courses!
Excellent course. Challenging assignments. A lot to learn
Great practical course to start data management in python
very good course for beginners and they  can explore more
Very helpful for getting familiar with the Pandas package
Great course. It helps me a lot to get handy with pandas!
Very helpful and got me familiarize with Python packages.
Fantastic course with a lot of details & focus on Python.
an exceptional course by MU. Very good course and content
Great, hard challenges and you can learn a lot of things
it was very helpful for me as a beginner in data science
A good python 101 course, very innovative. Thanks a lot.
The pace is fast but its interesting for the new comers!
Thanking You Sir it was a very good course and I'm happy
This course really helped me learn the basics of pandas.
Finest one.! Best one for the starters of data science.!
Easy to study. It's very useful for me. Thanks, Teacher.
Very thorough overall, the assignments are very helpful.
Amazing class to get a first effective insight of python
Knew basic idea about how to manipulate data with Python
Nice introductory course for using python in datascience
This course is great to learn data science with python.
This Course is very use full for basics in Data Science
great course for people who have desire to learn python
one of the best courses that I have ever passed online.
Great Course to begin your journey as a Data Scientist.
Very informational and learnt a lot by doing hands-on !
nice course with in depth feel of the numpy and pandas!
Great! An amazing Course to improve Data Science skills
Luv it!! The flow is easy to follow even for beginners!
Absolutely stellar content and challenging assingments.
This course has helped me understand how to use pandas.
good course. kickstarted me with python and datascience
Excellent course explored towards  Advanced Technology
Very Apt Course for anyone interested in Data Science.
This course is good enough to learn how to use Python.
This course is a great start for studying data science
I've learned a lot !!! Thanks a lot from Costa Rica!!!
I got to say that it was a very good course.Thank you!
Very good course for learning python for data science.
An excellent introduction to the world of Data Science
I recommend this cours.Every Things are well explained
Good intro to Pandas and assignments are well designed
An excellent introduction to data science using python
You can enter data science through this course easily
Excellent Course with very good Assignments. Loved it
Very good course to start with data science in python
Great introduction to some basic operation of pandas.
This course is very appreciative. Thankyou so much !!
Very useful and informative course. Thank you cousera
That was a great course that I really need to pass it
Got to learn a lot. Thanks Prof. Christopher Brooks .
Very good course, however, 40 $ might be to expensive
I am elated to take this course. Its the best course.
this course is excellent and it is very useful for me
Really great course. Challenging and attentive staff.
One of the most powerful courses i have ever learned!
nice course to begin with in order to do data science
It's a perfect introduction to the data science world
Good first course to transition my SAS mind to Python
Step towards achieving great things with Data science
This is a new and excellent way to teach DataScience.
very usefull and excellent course for btech students
Excelent course. Clear and comprehensive instructor.
Awesome Course gives a clear insight about the topic
It was great to start learning Applied Data Science.
a little bit difficult for me, but it's worth trying
Please provide sample answer (not solution). Thanks!
Love the little exercises during the lecture videos!
Very informative, challenging, and enjoyable course.
Amazing Course, would definitely recommend to people
Course offers great content and good learning curve.
Excellent Learning platform for beginners in python.
Very good course, I found it challenging but doable.
Assignments and projects weren't easy for beginners.
Challenging course, definitely a very good learning!
Good assignments and very logical teaching approach.
awesome course for learning data science with python
Very well designed course for Data Science beginners
It was a fantastic experience... Got to learn a lot
This was really interactive and informative course.
Good course. Assignments need lot of self learning.
easy to understand and very nicely defined lectures
Good Content , Great Learning Experience, Thumbs Up
Great course to learn how to manipulate dataframes.
Awesome content! Teaching methodology is great too!
Excellent course with very challenging assignments!
Very good course, forces to do a lot of self study.
EXCELLENT COURSE, VERY TECHNICAL. 100% RECOMMENDED
Excellent course! I've learned interesting things!
That's perfect journey! Especially in Assignments!
Very good course for using python for Data Science
This course is really helpful for learning purpose
Perfect place for beginners to learn data science.
Excellent course. Like to join the next in series.
The course is very good , it really helped me alot
Amazing Course. Set my foundation in data science.
Great course! real example to use pandas and numpy
really interesting course and professors are great
Best Python Pandas 101 course ever. Very recommend
Nice and challenging content. Great final project
Very Helpful and the learning method is very nice
Ok-ish video lectures, but very great excersises!
Very useful course especially for the beginners .
One of the best mooc for data analysis beginners.
Nice Stuff, practical tasks, meaningful exercises
Very well designed course. Learned a lot. Thanks!
This is an awesome course, instructor was GREAT..
highly recommended to all data science aspirants.
Good course for learning python and data science!
Good practise, challenging and allows me to learn
The Course assignments are challenging. Thank you
very practical introduction to Python programming
Great course, fast and deep, I liked it very much
thanks a lot , from this coursre I learned a lot
the course is structured well even for beginners
Good course ,Iam very happy to learn new things.
been an amazing  learning experience on coursera
Great course and the assistant taught very well.
I really really learnt a lot from assignments!!!
Best course ... especially the assignments !!!!!
Great course!!! I'll recommend it to my friends.
Outstanding Course!I have learnt a lot from here
Very interesting, I have learned many new things
Well taught! Exercises are good and challenging.
Beautiful to start things off for you DS journey
Very nice course, very challenging but rewarding
Well-paced, perfect difficulty, very informative
very good course for intro class in Data Science
very good course. good for data science beginner
Short lectures and lots of coding. Great course.
good material, explained well, not overwhelming.
Assignmen really hard, but helps you learn a lot
Excellent course considering the short duration.
Passionate lecturer and fairly tough assignments
Excellent course to learn about pandas and numpy
very intrested in learning such kind of courses
I had a great experience throughout the course.
The course was a fabulous practical experience.
I really liked the assignments for this course.
The quality of lectures and content is awesome.
learn lots of pandas tips from the assignments!
this course would be very useful for my career.
I think this course has been very helpful to me
A really good course on Data science with right
Assignments are very good as compared to videos
nice and interesting course on pandas and numpy
collaboration with jupyter notebook is awesome!
It was really challenging so I enjoyed it a lot
Great course to begin your data science career.
Awesome course, not very easy, but very useful.
Good. I learned lots of things from this course
the course is really precise and explained well
Advanced Python! It was hard, but I enjoyed it!
A great starting point for Pandas with Python.
Course and Study materials are really helpful.
Good Explanation  with detail Course Structure
This is the best platform to learn new things.
excellent course. Amazing learning experience.
Very great level, and very complex, but useful
Very helpful in learning basics of dataScience
The course will be a good start for beginners.
Very good course with a real world perspective
very much interactive way of course conducting
great introduction to Python for Data Science!
Challenging Assignments and Concise Lectures!!
Very good course to use it as an introduction!
Highly recommended course for Data Scientists.
One of the best place to start in Data Science
Amazing overview By Prof. Christopher Brooks.
Way beyond my expectations! Top level course.
The course was very informative and in-depth.
great introduction to data science in python!
Really simple and easy to follow and learn :)
Thanks a lot. Discussion thing was impressive
Great course. Looking forward for more stuff.
If I could give this course 6 stars, I would.
Well organized material , I enjoyed learning.
Skip Programming for Everybody.... Take this.
Wonderful! I learned a lot doing my homework!
It is a very good course for learning pandas.
Excellent class, learned quickly and simply !
very good course,it teaches me lot,Thank you
best platform to learn datascience in python
Wonderful course, I am eye opened with this.
Really loved the way concepts were explained
Must study course for data science beginner.
Beautifully constructed for better learning.
Learned so much about Pandas and it was fun!
Excellent course on Pandas and data analysis
Outstanding Intro to Pandas and data science
an eye opener to the data science world... !
Excellent videos with detailed explanations.
thank you very much for this powerful course
a perfect course to begin with data sciences
Amazing course. Just loved it. Learned a lot
Great course for intermediate python learner
Very useful material, and very good lecturer
Perfect course and the design of assignment.
Highly recommended for enthusiastic learners
Good introduction to pyhton and data science
A must do course for budding data scientists
Best Course to learn Data Science in Python
Excellent  course. Challenging Assignments!
The course and mentors were extremely good.
I learn a lot of subject from this coursera
can learn more through assignment questions
this course is the bast of the data science
Good course to the point, short and simple.
I'm amazed with what I've learned so far...
A must watch course for beginners of python
Very good Course for Learning Data Science.
Very Good!! learned a lot from this course.
I really like the course,and I like python.
This coursed kicked me hard, but I learned!
Week 1 was really good and to the point too
Such a very good course for Python learner.
Well paced and well structured. Recommended
Great Course. Teaches you all about Pandas.
Very Informative. Learnt a lot. Recommended
Very nice course! Given lots of confidence.
Refreshing on my python skills, good course
I really liked the course. I learned a lot.
Thanks for introducing Pandas and Anaconda!
Amazing! I'd learned a lot in this course.
this course was difficult but interesting.
The lessons were well explained. Good job!
Very Great Course! Thank you, Prof. Brooks
A Good Introduction to Data Science course
best python course I have come across ever
Easy to learn new things with this course.
Practical skill for data science beginner!
Very good course with excellent exercises.
Good course! A bit fast at the assignments
Excellent course, material and instructor.
Very helpful for learning. Suprisingly so.
Very good introduction to pandas and numpy
Simply AWESOME.Great Opportunity to learn.
very useful and good examples for practice
Wow, this course was intense but worth it!
very good very interesting put max effort
i realy like this course it help me a lot
Thank you for this excellent opportunity.
Wonderful course to get started off with!
Very well done course on Python Pandas!!!
Very hard for a beginner but interesting.
great in-depth course - incredibly useful
Very nice course, and very nice teachers.
very comprehensive and resourceful course
Excellent course, good material for study
Great course and mentors are very helpful
Good and detailed material, well prepared
Great course with challenging assignments
this is a very great course for beginners
Awesome curse
to start with data science.
Very clear, fruitful and well-structured!
great course! I learned a lot! Thank you!
Assignment 4  is difficult to understand.
Lecture content need much more  coverage.
Great course for beginner in data science
Very informative course for Data Science
Great foundation course in Data Science.
Good course to learn python programming.
thanku very much for provide this course
Enjoyed learning Python for Data Science
the grading system is super annoying lol
i really enjoying learning this course .
The course was very neat and insightful.
A hands-on introduction to data science.
Nice course. Great teachers!! Excellent!
Great course, concise and well explained
Learning at its best through this course
Challenging course but worth the effort!
Covers Pandas very well, as I required.
Very good course for beginner of Pandas
Honorable Course but not for beginners.
Thank you very much and learn a lot !!!
Really educational exercises. thank you
I did badly but it's still a good MOOC.
Nice intro for Data Science with Python
Excellent, very challenging assigments.
Very good course. I have learnt a lot.
Its very interesting and useful course
Great experience through these course.
The Most Importtant Course In Coursera
Best experience and lots of knowledge.
Very helpful course if you know python
Assignments were challenging and good.
Very intuitive and highly interactive.
Nice course with very good assignments
simply the best intro to data science!
Challenging and well worth the effort.
Easy to understand and funny exercise
one of the best course for beginners!
Particularly good for learning Pandas
I really like te explaination thank's
It was a awesome learning experience.
Excellent Course for Python Beginners
Well I have started thanks to U of M.
Very informative, Hands on experience
I have learned a lot from this course
A great course to learn data science!
a great course for any level resource
Great introduction to data scientist!
Good lecturers and interactive videos
One of the best courses in Coursera!!
Really really hard. But I enjoyed it
Knowledgeable and outstanding course
Very useful skills being introduced!
a little bit difficult for beginner.
This is a good course. Just take it.
Thanks Professor. I have learnt alot
So hard.  But I learned quite a bit.
Good. Looking forward to learn more!
Very good. I am enjoying the course.
These courses are really wonderful.!
I can  learn a lot from this course!
A great introduction to the subject.
Great course and not easy to pass :)
It was a great learning , Thank you
Assignments took more than expected
Great course for being data science
I learn new topics from this course
great course to improve your basics
It was a great learning experience!
Very nice course and great learning
challenging but I have learnt a lot
Great course, but really challenge.
good balance of theory and practice
Good introduction to Pandas library
Great course. Challenging homework.
very good course and easy to learn
great course with great assigments
Week 4 could have been much clear.
Its good for intermediate learners
Good Course and well understanding
thanks a lot for this great course
The course was pretty informative.
very good tutorial and assignment!
Very good introduction for Pandas.
Very good course, thank all stuff.
Very educational. I learned a lot!
This Course is really fantastic...
Great content and i love that....!
Not easy course, but very useful.
The perfect course to start with.
very good course for data science
Great Lectures and instructor !!!
heavy and useful course.thank you
Really good to learn Python intro
Nice Introduction to Data Science
nice course but a little bit hard
Very difficult but amazing course
This course is amazing.I like it.
It was a nice learning Experience
very nice content. Learned a lot.
excellent really very informative
Assignments are hard, yet helpful
Good course, challenging as well.
quite interesting and challenging
good teaching and good materials
Thanks, such a great course !!!!
Learned Pandas, thanks very much
Difficult course but interesting
lots of learning from the course
this course is very useful to me
It is highly informative course.
great support also in the forums
great course for learning pandas
Very good teaching, very helpful
Tough, but useful and worthwhile
good course loved the teaching..
Best Course for Data Scientist .
Pretty good course for beginner.
very fast paced, but very useful
Best specialization in Coursera.
great stuff, modern and playfull
Great Course! Quite Challenging.
tough but glad I make it through
Super challenging, but good fun!
It was a good course. Thank you
good course to learn the coding
Best Data Science Course of All
Great course, very challenging.
Very Informative For Beginners.
My python skill was improved :)
Great course.Beginner Friendly.
good intro, nice help on forums
Great course! Very informative!
Super Happy to learn new things
Very good course, learnt a lot!
Good class challenging but fun!
Very helpful for data analysis.
great course guys check it out
excellent start to this course
assignments are really awesome
Great Course for Introduction.
I really enjoyed this course .
the material is very practical
I learne alot from this course
Great course for any beginner.
Very satisfied of this course!
This is really a great course.
Very useful and entertaining !
very excitedthanks instructors
excellent to python beginners!
the study forum helps me a lot
I have learned much, thank you
Great intro course for Python!
Fantastic overview and support
Great Introduction to Python.
Course content was very good.
Awesome course, learnt a lot.
Explained every topic clearly
it was incredibly challenging
Great professor! Great class!
An amazingly practical course
Amazing learning experience!!
Its great course for beginner
excellent and is useful to me
Very good practice for pandas
Solid introduction to pandas.
Assignment was very well set.
Thanks professor learned alot
Excellent, but so fast for me
Great. I highly recommend it.
Hard but worth of pursuing...
Very impressive, I like this.
Great introduction to Pandas.
Very informative and helpful!
Excelent Course and Teachers
the assignments are too hard
It was an awesome experience
good teachers and background
Challenging and interesting.
Great Learning Experience!!!
This is a great intro course
good content and good course
Really awesome introduction!
Good introduction to pandas.
Great course to get started.
Its good. Easy to understand
Good introduction to Pandas!
excellent work by professors
Excellent course in one word
It was a challenge course!!!
lots of practice, enjoyable.
Very good.it is very useful
Liked this course very much
Well structured course flow
Assignments were excellent!
Great for learning pandas !
Fast paced and interesting.
Great Course. Knowledgeable
It was very good, loved it.
Amazing CourseThanks a lot!
This is a very good course.
Good introductory course...
the homework is interesting
very good course in pandas
The course is very great!!
nice platform for learning
this is a very good course
the course was really nice
It couldn't be any better.
great course and materials
Great Course for Beginners
Really interesting content
Good course for Beginners.
very good class for pandas
It was a very good course.
Hard course, but good ROI.
Great course and material.
Very helpful and demanding
It was very much helpful.
It's really good course ,
love this amazing course.
great experience learning
Good Learning Experience!
Great Informative Course!
good,nice chance to learn
It was a great experiance
A very good introduction!
Happy to learn in coursra
This course was amazing!!
Very rich and challenging
Prof. Brooks is great!!!!
great introduction course
Good content and learning
Now Pandas and I are one.
Great Intermediate Course
Overall a great over view
learn a lot about pandas.
it is harder than I think
Fully recommended course.
Very Useful and practical
It's a very nice course.
Assignments are too good
Good Introduction course
A great course, really !
that´s very great course
Wonderful Course this is
Great course for newbies
Very interesting and fun
It's nice course for me
Good Step-wise Learning
Very Interesting course
it's a great experience
I enjoyed it very much!
very basic and  helpful
Course was informative.
Amazing course as usual
good for our generation
Lots of great learning.
This is good tutorial .
Very well put together.
great!!! learned a lot!
Good hands on projects.
good and useful course
Great course to learn.
learnt a lot of things
Lecturer was very fast
Good course for noobie
This is a great course
No words. Smashing one
Great hands on course!
Very attentive staff!
I was great!!! Thanks
Tough and nice course
Amazing,easy to learn
Really great course !
very practical course
very difficult for me
I enjoy it! Thank you
good lecture to learn
YOU ARE BEST TEACHER.
good re-finish python
Sound concept builder
Perfect course ever!!
very thoughtfully put
a little bit too fast
Awesome introduction.
it was realy amazing
GOOD HELPFULL COURSE
well designed course
really good tutorial
Well designed course
It's amazing for me.
Incredible course :D
Best for DataScience
Wonderfullinstructor
Awesome Course......
Great Introduction.
Difficult but Great
It's really awesome
Good starter course
informative course.
useful, inspiration
That's really good.
Awesome Material :)
Great pandas intro!
it's a great course
Really useful stuff
Great Intro course.
I totally loved it
very much helpfull
Thank you Coursera
It was quite good.
A great course !!!
Awesome Course!!!!
It's hard but fun!
Pretty good course
Very Good learning
Great intro course
Challenging course
Very good Course !
So far, it is very
Very good lecture.
Thank You SO Much
hand's on  course
Very much helpful
A little bie hard
very challenging!
Truly insightful.
Amazing Course!!!
Perfect course...
thanx professor!!
wonderful course!
Good one! Enjoyed
its very useful.
Nice teaching...
Awesome content!
one of the best!
Really Great!!!
Course was hard
Very Meaningful
Very Beneficial
it's a good one
very efficient
very difficult
Thank You! Sir
just go for it
Really awseome
Good to learn.
i'm lovin this
It's great !!!
Awesome curse
Very helpful.
Really superb
A lot of fun!
pretty good !
It's awesome!
the best ever
GOOD COURSE.
Good starter
Thank You (:
GOOD COURSE!
Tnx Coursera
it's awesome
Great one!!!
very happy.
Top course!
It was fun
learn alot
Hard to do
Thank you
Worth it!
usefull
enough
