Make sure you submit your final assignment weeks before your next renewal date. The system will make sure there are no other peers to grade it for you to complete the course, that it will fail you, so you'll need to pay for another month just to re-submit the final assignment. Very disappointing,
Just started tho I have taken similar classes from my software vendor. I am dropping it because its too wordy for the content, I dislike the imposed pace rather than an overall deadline and the platform is awkward.I would suggest that the Coursera web designers take this class or one similar -- I find both the user PC based interface and the phone app clunky.
Useless course. Some really basic info about concepts , nothing practical learned
The evaluation process and feedback didn't come from a professional, but instead from someone that was studying like me, so I see a much lower value on this due to that. Discussion forums need to be updated, you get lost in there because you categorize or filtered enough to get to your own post to follow up on it.
The theoretic part is interesting and so are the assignments. However, the fact that there are ONLY peer graded assignments, is not a good idea. It's important to have feedback from professionals and not only from students who are also learning. It's good to have SOME peer graded exercises to see other people's work and learn from them. I like the quizzes and that I can go at my own pace. Lastly, not being able to contact the teacher really sucks.
The content is great but peer review is horrible. Everyone is at the same level so why am I being graded by peers who might not understand the project. I have had to resubmit projects multiple times because peers are randomly clicking grades and leaving no feedback. I recommend switching these assignments to just quizzes or capstone projects.
The course content is of a very high standard and interesting. However the Peer Review assignments do little to contribute towards learning outcomes. Marking is highly inconsistent and open to abuse, students will revenge mark for receiving low grades on their assignments. Students do not keep to the marking guidelines and frequently apply their own made up criteria. Peer Review is very much a flawed method and is used extensively in this specialization unfortunately. Coursera provides no support on this and you have to just keep resubmitting the assignment in the hope of eventually finding a constructive peer review.
Course videos are great and the instructor does a good job at explaining the material. However the course assessments and assessment submission experience was a let down. Please be reasonable and explain the assessment properly and take a look at how confusing submitting is.
Very detailed and easy to learn course one thing I had issue with was peer grading it takes quite some time to get grades.
getting peer reviews was difficult
The course was amazing. Brilliant insights and challenging assignments. I really needed to put  a lot of thought in solving them. I have just one concern. Although the peer graded system is best for this kind of a course, the problem comes when your assignment does not get graded for a long time. Many of us actually had to post our links requesting people to review our assignment. I hope there is a better way to handle that. :)
Course content is excellent! I'm glad that I did it. However, if a person finishes the course before the deadline, he/she feels stuck if someone else has not finished their assignment before time, as he/she needs to review 3/3 assignments to complete the course. Certification completion seems to be review dependent, in this scenario.
The exercises are interesting and the course materials are easy to follow. However, I wish there's a way to get direct feedback from the professor and not just the peers. Also, not everyone reviewed the last assignment and I had to wait another two weeks before my final score came out.
This course taught me the various  methods and processes about User Experience and User Research., how to conduct Heuristic Evaluation and how to write a professional Heuristic Report. The trainer was very professional and I liked the grading methods, peer reviews. Thank you.
This is a great course for both developers and non-developers to start to understand the ideas behind what makes for a good user experience.You'll discover the guiding principles to UX (as the course name suggests) and how to implement them in the real world.
Information is great, understandable and complete!It would be better if the examples or assignment requirements were already embedded inside the course instead of taking extra time to go find visual examples to work on for each assignment.
Takes overly long to get assignments graded. Had to pay an additional pay period while waiting for peer-evaluations. But the content is good as an introductory course on UX.
This was an awesome introduction to UX research methods and the elements that make up UI design-very well structured and easy to grasp
Good in general. However, workload distribution could be improved to not be so heavy in the latter half.
Would have loved smaller and better and more engaging assignments. Great lectures and learning though.
I like the course. It was not innovative.  The UX wasn't even made to what was taught.
I recommend this course for those who work developing software or own an IT business
well displayed and constructed. the exercises are interesting. I learned a lot.
I didn't like the assignments. Content is easy to absorb and well structured.
Would like to move at faster pace but good material and able to learn.
More foundational than expected. Overall good and easy.
Great course as an introduction to User Experience
Basic information which is easy to understand.
really liked this course
Well guided learning.
This course not only gives you a deep understanding of UX principles but it also provides an ability to work on some interesting assignments that will help you gain practical knowledge.
I really liked completing this course. It has given me a push to start my own design journey. This is a very well planned syllabus and it is from my dream university made it even more special for me.
Very well structured course. I've learned a lot of new things; the first assignment was a tough one though, however, reading the Discussion board kinda helps, always.
This is a great introduction to User Experience Principles and Processes.  I was well pleased with the extent of information and resources to grasp what the principles and processes are.  The assignments helped reinforce the learning and gave me something to take with me as a guide to continue on learning or start applying these principles in my work.  I highly recommend not only this course, but also the professor.  He was easy to follow and explained the subject very well.
Believe me when I say: You'll finish this course orders of magnitude more learned about UX Design than before signing up. If you're looking for an introductory course to UX design, look no further.
Fantastic course! I highly recommend it. The teacher is awesome, the exercises and tasks really help in the learning process and the whole course is very well explained an organised
Very good and informative. The only downside is I wish other students could finish their assignments faster so I can finish all my peer review tasks.
Absolutely Amazing Experience. The importance of actually sketching ideas instead of keeping everything in our head and starting from the worst ideas first and building up gave a lot of wonderful Dos and Don'ts . I underestimated the strength of  this activity. Also the heuristic evaluations and violations gave me an insight about how we all observe so many things but are not aware of it. The assignments are amazing if you take them seriously. Also the interviews in the end gave some much perspective as to how all this information is used in the real world. Though this is a small part of the course, it really gives hope for young people to see some real world work experiences. I recommend this course for UX beginners.
Prof. Newman is really a great teacher with deep knowledge of User Experience. It was Great  Learning with him. Got to learn a lot of things. This is the best Introduction course and I look forward for more such courses, specially form Prof. Newman. I Highly recommend this course to all those who are new to user experience and also for those who wants to increase their domain from User Interface to Experience.  I appreciate everyone who took efforts designing this course and special congratulations to them!
Enjoyed the course - insightful lectures and assignments. My only complaint is with the peer-review system. While the assignments are interesting and provide good hands-on experience, you will have to be the best judge of your own work, since the peer-reviews provide no usable feedback. That being said, the system is not all bad. The assignments are designed in a way that requires very individualistic thinking, and the peer-reviews are a nice way of seeing how other learners tackled the same problem.
This is a very wonderful well organized User Experience Design introductory course. I learned about the total ideas of UX design and learned how to evaluate heuristics and report writing exactly and so on.  My honorable teacher Associate Professor Mark Newman is really great for teaching. He teaches all the things very clearly.  I recommend to newcomers to enroll the course to know about user experience design actually.Thanks .
Cool course, great materials, excellent lecturer (Assoc. Prof. Mark Newman) and was able to take away useful and applicable knowledge that I will be using regularly... I would recommend this course if you are interesting not just in design, but what the underlying drivers are for design... function and purpose, and evaluating, using known and accepted metrics, whether or not the product satisfies those criteria...
This is a great course for getting into User Experience Design and Research. If you intend to take it, get ready to alter your mind in a way that you perceive and evaluate items, objects, websites and applications as whether they are useful or not. In addition to that important feature, it is fun and enjoyable to take a part in this course, along with Mark Newman's great instruction!
Great course!  Very interesting; learned a lot about design, and deeper concepts about heuristics. Really enjoyed the videos and the readings. I learned about the psychology of user experience.  Definitely got to stretch beyond the types of designs I had done before, which were strictly educational apps.  The elevator assignment was challenging and interesting.
This was a good introductory course. I was taking another Coursera specialization course on UX/UI design in parallel to this one, and the additional exercises that I did in this course gave me a more broader understanding of the methodologies applied to user experience research. I recommend this course if you're interested in pursuing the specialization.
I thought this course was wonderful. It's a very detailed, helpful, and thought out course. It gives students hands-on learning experience and materials that help put the work into perspective and gives students advice from people who are currently in those careers. This is my first Cousera class, and it has met and exceeded all expectations.
I really loved this course, and it seems to me that it has excellent bases to start learning about UX, considering that it contains very extensive information. The content is very well structured, and Professor Newman explains very coherently. Thank you, Coursera and the University of Michigan for this course.
I liked the course very much as it gave me a good introductory idea about UX research and design. The letcures were informative as well as useful and the assignments were helpful too. I woule recommend the course if someone wants to get an idea about the theoretical knowledge of UX research and design.
The way how this course turned my thoughts from design-centric to user-centric through a successful methodology was just amazing, each and every assignment was tough once you understand the core principles, but overall it's enjoyable and loveable. Thank you Very Much, Mr Mark Newman.
I loved the interaction-based model, and the assignments were extremely engaging. Peer reviews helped exponentially, and the course structure and topics were very well moderated. Looking forward to learning more on your platform! This was an amazing first course for me. Thank you!
This course is perfect for beginners and those who have a little background about UX who wish to take their knowledge to the next level. The content and delivery is superb, pacing is great and assignments are challenging and fun. I enjoyed learning!
awesome course, really very complete. Sometimes i neede to watch two times some parts, because it is a lot of information in one place. I can say i like this course really very complete. And you need to do your work, do not expect this is easy.
I couldn't think of a better introduction to the field of UX. I am very pleased with the course content, structure and delivery. It inspired me to keep learning about the subject. Many thanks to Dr Newman and everyone involved.
Great intro. Engaging and interesting, with fun but doable practical projects. I feel I've already learnt some important skills for UX research and design, as well as getting an intro to the basic concepts and underpinnings.
Great content and speaker way of content delivery is exceptions. I appreciate tasks included in the Grade - help to jump into the topics and use learnings in practice and really think it thru to understand in depth
This course was hugely insightful, helping in strengthening my understanding of the core principles of User Experience research. I'm grateful to Mark and the guests who spoke on User Experience design and research.
This is a great class that you can not only learn the basics of UX design but also learn how to use these principles immediately. Perfect for anyone looking to get into product management or UX design.
Very well presented course.  I took in alot of information.  A little more guidance would have been helpful when completing the projects, but overall I am very pleased with this course and instructor.
This course really explains the core principles of UX and how to deal with real life related problem. A very well organized introduction for people who really want to learn UX. Recommended.
The course is easy to understand & the assignments are very challenging but helps you to apply the skills you learn. Gain very useful knowledge. The instructors are simply amazing!
Exciting start to understanding UX. I am looking to enter the industry and this course gave me a nice, yet brief, look into what UX designers and researchers generally do.
Great introduction to the world of UX! Certainly, more workload than expected for online courses, but totally worth it considering the knowledge and skills gained.
The course is very well organised, explaination is clear and the exercises are very useful. I feel like I really learnt a new thing and I feel fine! Thank you
I loved the assignment and course content. This course was amazing, but the faculty interaction was missing. Peers do not judge our assignments thoroughly.
The instructor for this course is phenomenal. Take this course no matter how little or much you already know regarding UX design, it will not dissapoint.
Great course, I learned so much and felt really connected to the teacher. What I loved most is that the course combined theory with practice very well.
This course was well organized and more informative that I expected for an online course. I will continue taking the courses under this specialization.
Great course overall. I would improve the clarity and quality of the instructions for assignments. Would recommend to others as an intro to UX design.
Great course!  Learned so much in just a few weeks!  Videos and content materials are well done. Looking forward to the rest of the specialization!
Very good pace and easy to understand. Taught some good principals. But it is just that, introduction. Hoping it picks up steam in future courses.
Awesome course! It leads me to understand more deep the concepts of UX/UI. I hope it can help me to improve my career applying what I learned
This is a good course for anyone interested in user experience. or for any person is already working in UX and want to improve his knowledge.
Ever since I took the course, I have always tried to analyze products. The practical assignment in this course has been helpful.
An excellent introduction to the discipline. Thorough, fun to learn and focused on concepts and practical experience. Loved it!
I'm positively surprised with the quality of the course. It covers right amount of theory and have enough practical exercises.
This was great, I already knew some concepts but the teacher explanation and examples were enough to learn in an efective way
The lecture is helpful and clear, and I have learnt a lot knowledge of User Experience as well as some great practical tips.
Really like the way the lecturer taught us, very clear and accurate. And I also enjoyed the assignments, very challenging!
I would recommend this course to anyone interested in getting into UX design. I learned so much more than I was expecting.
Very lucid explanations, appropriate examples, and the perfect mentor makes this course stand out. I highly recommend it.
Great course overall. Very clear and easy to understand lectures, with challenging but exiting exercises. Will recommend.
Great course! Learned a lot regarding UX research and design. Would recommend to anyone who's looking for a way to start.
Great course, very comprehensive for an intro level course, with challenging but fair exercises and project submissions.
Very sound introduction, covering all the basics. The instructor and his presentation is professional, easy to follow.
Great course. Instructor is very objective, points are well illustrated, assignments are interesting. Really worth it.
Very informative and thorough. I finished the course ready to learn more. One of the better online courses I've taken.
Amazing teacher! Recommend this course for everyone who wants to refresh knowledge in UX or build strong base skills!
Great course! Lectures are short yet effective. Most of the time you're actually putting your learning into practice!
I liked the course and the practical examples, but I miss evaluation from professionals too, and not only students.
Loved how practical and hands-on this course was - you really get the opportunity to apply what you're learning.
Lot of practical things to use in my everyday life at work :) very interesting and straight to the point class!
It's a great course with really enjoyable and useful materials. Maybe some of them should be a bit renewed.
This is a great course that gives basic understanding of what is user experience. I would recommended it.
excellent course! this professor teaches everything in detail with examples and every point makes sense!
This a great introductory course! Goes through all the basis for someone with no experience in the area.
Very hands on course where I learned the basic principles of UX and how to perform heuristic assessment.
The structure of the course was just in-depth enough to be incredibly useful without being overwhelming
Absolutely valuable course, well conducted and with lots of precious information. Highly recommended !
It's a very good and understandable course to catch an overview. Essays are also quite interesting.
This course is taking me out of my comfort zone at the right time in my professional development.
Useful and interesting UX principles with thought provoking assignments that bring them to life.
This course is really useful and summarized the instructor is really great, I recommend it %100.
it's a great course. but very course in this specialization has a long report assignment...
Very good course that gives an overall look into UX and what it entails, highly recommend!
I learned information that I know will be useful when pursuing a career in this field.
very helpful course to understand the principle and process of user experience design.
Course content was great to provide fundamentals of usability within user experience.
A very well laid out course. Not too hard, not too difficult. Good assignments.
I really enjoy all the lectures because of their details and good explanations.
I learned a lot. And the UX designer interviews at the end were a nice bonus.
Amazing course! Love the way Newman (the professor) teaches you the stuff!
Very helpful course to introduce a beginner to user experience principles.
Really useful course to start understand the basics about user experience.
I think this course is a good introduction in the User Experience Design.
Very informative beginner course. I'm excited to continue moving forward
This course was awesome! Certainly, it will help me on my current Job!
Absolutely phenomenal. Learned so much is such a short period of time.
It's a really great first step to understand UX principles. go for it!
Very practical course with essential skills for every UX researcher.
Excellent class, I have learned a lot basic knowledge of UX from it!
Its a very well structured course. Highly recommended for beginners
I learned a lot from this one course! I loved it and you will too.
This was a great intro to user experience research and design!!!
Great course, I learned a lot and was challenged the entire way!
Great course! I really learned a lot about the basics of UI/UX.
Great introduction to User Experience Principles and Processes.
Very good quality materials and instruction was first rate.
Great content that segues you into this niche of knowledge.
A good introductory course to understand the basics of ux
This was one of the best online courses I've ever taken.
Great course. Full of useful and practical information.
very useful and lot of information in such short course
Loved this course, it was really helpful for my career.
Amazing course gives an overview of UX for beginners.
A nice introduction to the world of User Experience.
It really is a good course, can't wait for the next.
Great experience. Detailed process and activities.
Thanks for the reading list after - super helpful!
Love it! Well planned and easy to follow the plan.
Very informative and solid content. Recommended.
Excellent content and really easy to follow it.
Learn some basic knowledge on User Experience
Very good one to learn all you need about HCI
This was an important experience! Thank you!
Very good course. Informative and practical.
I love the class! I've learned some much :)
A very in-depth outlook to everything UX!
Excellent course to have the basics of UX
Really enjoyable and interesting course!
Elementary of UX R yet extremely helpful
Good, the lecture is easy to understand
Clear, concise and easy to understand.
This course will be more useful to me
Good overview about User Experience.
Great information and great teaching
Thank you for this wonderful course!
well organized and excellent content
Great course for the fundemantals.
Amazing course and great peers
Very useful, good instructor
Mark Newman techs very good.
Incredible course, thanks!
Mark Newman is great!
interesting course!
thanks a lot.
