Very informative course with useful knowledge about diversity and equity. The course was well organised and introduced from the historical stories about diversity and equity in higher education. Although there are so many readings, the tools and knowledge introduced in the course were very effective.
The course is stimulating, but the materials can be long-winded; some of the readings are 50+ pages long, and it can be tough to assess which parts are relevant to the assignments and in  how much depth to study them. That being said, the course provides excellent readings on diversity, equity, and inclusion and approaches the topic critically, not just from a standpoint of creating new programs, but emphasizing the need for institutional transformation.
Well organized and presents valuable information and thoughtful exercises on the subject of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Some of the lecture videos by Jon Burkhardt were very patronizing and included instances of biased language that seemed to have slipped under the radar. I would recommend this course but I would also urge the University to review the lecture videos and bring in an instructor of color who would not make such slips.
The course was excellent!  It is packed with eye-opening and useful information.  The exercises were just right and the fifth star is reserved because it wasn't face-to-face assessment and instruction.  Bravo!
Very interesting course and easy to follow. Sometimes a bit slow, since I suppose it's how the professor feels comfortable in front of the camera. Thanks for making this available to the world!
It's a great course. Informative and very need for who wants to learn more about issues related to equity, diversity and inclusion and leadership in higher education.
Interesting course.  The last two modules were the best.
Great intro course and awesome practical suggestions to improve EDI in your own institution. Especially good content addressing issues of race and racism within higher education in a North American context.
Great information and instructor. My only comment would be to update some course materials (one reading mentioned the use of CD ROMS)
Very good, but very US focused.
It may sound melodramatic but I can honestly say that this course was life-changing. While I was already passionate about issues surrounding equity, diversity, and inclusion, this course galvanized my commitment and showed me that leading for equity, diversity, and inclusion is LEADING period. This course could help any person be a more inspiring, effective, and inclusive leader, regardless of whether that person's job officially deals with equity and inclusion.
Thank you for putting together the readings, conferences, and interviews. They helped me to understand and to plan how to integrate Diversity, Equity and Inclusion in my school.
Fantastic course. Eye opening and succinct. Can’t ask for a better length of class lectures and work for a certification. I can’t wait to add this to my profile! Thanks!
Excellent course for anyone interested in learning more about diversity, inclusion, and equity in higher education. Course exposes the learner to the histories of exclusion which have shaped the American higher education landscape, how to identify bias of consciousness, and provides the opportunity to articulate what you have obtained by examining a diversity strategic plan. Would recommend not only for those in higher education, but for anyone interest in creating more diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplaces and societies.
I thoroughly enjoyed the content of this course.  I would agree with one of the prior students that the last 2 assignments were amazing.  Having the experience of reviewing how my college's mission statement aligns with the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion was a powerful exercise.  I am not better equipped to add value to how our final strategic plan shapes up.  This was an excellent course and I look to invest in more courses through the University of Michigan.  Go Blue!
This was a great experience that in a way I wish was a bit longer. The materials were great and the videos were very relevant. The instructor presented well and it was good to hear the content presented in the lectures. The only drawback was that I was left wanting to have more direct input/feedback/interaction from our great instructor.
I loved this course!  I learned so much more about leading for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion than I realized I would.  The instructor is fantastic.  I hope to have the chance to hear him speak publically about these issues and how to make more positive and impactful advancements in higher education.  I highly recommend this course!
I loved the course and I really loved the Professor Dr. John C. Burkhardt .  He was fantastic as a professor and I learned so much from him and the videos that he included.  This is a course that I would recommend to anyone who is interested in Higher Education and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion.
This course provides a thorough background for EDI training. Excellent source material. The course was much more substantial than anticipated.
This is must take class for anyone in Higher Education! Learn more about diversity! So relevant for everything going on in the world today!
Compelling readings and videos. Very eye-opening. Main complaint: Not using gender-neutral pronouns.
Excellent course for anyone in, or preparing for, a leadership position in higher education.
Fantastic material, online resources are user friendly. All can be applied to real life!
Great course i learned a lot that i plan on implementing in my next role.
Outstanding course, highly informative and thought provoking!
Well worth the time. Great readings, videos, and examples!
Very well organized. Excellent assignments and tools.
Very informative... Thank you
Good theory and experience
Dr. Burkahardt  performance in explaining the many complex factors, including providing great understanding of the pressing issues in Diversity, Equity and Equality in Educational institutions was outstanding. He explains with great passion. The course it’s fantastic and it provides valuable tools to Development of Advocacy, leadership skills.
Although I have been involved with this type of work for many years now, there is always something new to learn, consider and grow from. My one and only recommendation is that you find a way to allow for more than just one presenter.
This course is definitely one that anyone can benefit from taking, even if you work in Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Continuing education is vital in the field of education and I appreciated learning from others around the world.
I highly recommend to professionals who are in the sector of Higher Education. The course is really insightful.
Excellent course! Great content, good pace, and engaging lectures!Loved it!!!
An excellent course providing an intermediate level insight in to this area.
This course made me look beyond my own world.
Great course, with great information!
