too much theory and not nearly enough practical models that I can use in my life or work. Disappointed so much of the class was spent on describing many different models instead of focusing on ones that can be applied readily.
The teacher's use of crutch words like sort of, like, and you know was distracting. Count how many times he says sort of! It's ironic for a university professor. But this is the United States, the land of substandard education - where everyone is special and receives a medal for participation.
Cons:-Too dated - links to many of the materials are unavailable.-Instructors knowledge of some the models he cover is questionable (regression)Pros:-Covers a lot of materials
There have been some undesirable references to equations, in terms of equating modeling to economic growth and investment. I was interested by the syllabus and its outline of theories and the means to use models to study social sciences and systems sciences. After week 1, though, it was not a very interesting course so I considered trying to simply survey most of the videos to gain some more information, not necessarily for any more insight from the Professor from the University of Michigan.
Interesting topic but poor lecture method. Abandoned the course because lecturer difficult to follow
Excellent professor but such a huge plethora of models, information, and videos, that really became boring after a while. Still, the professor did his best to elaborate on such a huge topic. Admins should decrease the sessions and weeks
Overall a very good course in terms of covering a broad range of topics. Suitable as a foundation to go onto to do more specialized courses in various parts of modelling. Some of the mathematical and quantitative methods could be better explained with more structured processes and formulae. For the learner that isn't familiar with these methodologies, some specific background reading on how best to approach the math would have been very useful. Having said that, well done to the lecturer and the rest of the staff and course organizers who tried their best to cover what are some quite complicated concepts.
i would like to see  some subtitles in Spanish, to help me understand much better the main idea ! but in generally is so good and helpful!
It is interesting and mind opening during the beginning and the middle of the course. Learned some interesting principle.
Scott E. Page has conducted a great online course on Model Thinking that helps in order to be an more intelligent citizen of the world, to make us clearer, better thinkers and sort out logical inconsistencies by using models, to better understand data as well as to better to decide, strategize, and design. The lecture style of Mr. Page is very entertaining, calm, pleasurable and congenial - he explains very good and is able to get complex and abstract things to the point and makes them transferable to the real world. Some issues are related to the transcript or material style and some smaller errors, for example. Anyways: Thank you very much, Mr. Page. I would appreciate working with you and visiting other lectures.
This is a a really good intro course.  As a short introduction to lots of different models, you come away with a full appreciation of how the reduction of the complex into simple models can advance your thinking, help better understand why people make the choices they do and make sense of situations that otherwise would be obscure.  The only reason this is not a five-star rating is because there are a few points in the class where there is a break in the logic (i.e. a missing piece) and there are slides and text below the video that contain typos or mistakes.  Individually, none of these are a big deal, but collectively, they take the professionalism down a notch.
The course is interesting as it shows some new ways of thinking. It has some fun models which seem to be interesting to play with. The concepts given in the course may be used in many different ways. Nevertheless, too much time of the course is wasted on simple calculations like 1/3+1/3 = 2/3 which doesn't help to undrestand the concepts or to memorise them. Some practice in building own models would make the course more difficult maybe, but funnier and more memorable for sure.
Dr. Page provides engaging and informative lectures, explaining models I've found useful in my work and personal life. I enjoyed the readings, lectures, and quizzes in this course although I found the content around week 8 or so dragged a bit for me (could've just been fatigue). I have and gladly would recommend this course. I've enrolled in a NetLogo course on Agent-Based Modelling to supplement what I learned here.
I wasn't planning to follow the whole course and doing assessment and homework. It end up being a good learning and I watched most of the videos. I skipped known information and skimmed to relatively familiar ones / or when there was too much examples. I understand the course was built for common denominator student. Thanks for making this free course. It's much appreciated. - Michel
Contents of the course are very diverse, clearly changes your way and ability to identify patterns, and fit real world in to models to extract additional information ...It does not have a very in depth, description about most models, but enough to understand them, because there are so many different concepts that are fit together ...Its an excellent introductory course to models.
This is a very comprehensive course of modeling, with excellent explanations, slides, readings and exercises. However, it's heavy based on rational economic  models and intuition. This approach can be a barrier if you have come from a less deductive background like Behavioral and Biological Sciences.
I rate 4 stars for the originality of the theme of his course ... not really an academic thing as far as I know. Doesn't get a 5 stars because I would have wished something more formal and rigorous. Indeed many models are covered and the lack of proper definitions make some concepts "blurred"
This course let me unserstand basic things about models, I think it was the target of this one. I would prefer to have more mathematics, more depth, but I think it is perfect for beginners, all topics in this course are quite easy understandable for the majority of people. Thank you!
An fascinating but difficult course, especially if you are just doing it out of interest rather than having a background in the subject. There is a fair bit of maths which isn't difficult but is rather swept over if you haven't done any for the last 30 years!
Broad range of modeling topics covered relatively quickly. Depending on your background, some of the concepts will be more or less difficult to understand. Nice way to familiarize and challenge yourself with new material at the same time.
This course is both very instructive and fun. The professor covers a lot of interesting topics. It would be better if he speaks a little bit slower, so the non native English speakers like me can understand all he is saying.
The course focus is broad and instructor is great. However, some particular models have been described too general, e.g. the lectures on Lyapunov functions had no connection to the ODEs and other mathematical phenomena.
Inch deep mile wide - great, wide-ranging overview of models. Gets a bit technical and quantitative sometimes but the information is useful to apply a more critical thinking lens to everyday life.
Very interesting course. It isn't a hard course whatsoever but the concepts you learn are very fundamental and can be applied in so many domains. Very important to be a well rounded thinker.
A must do course for everyone.. It's a rejoinder to all those who say that what you learn in schools/colleges is of no use in practical life.
I found this course very educational and i feel brighter after finishing. Modelthinking helps me to interpret the world and my surroundings.
Model Thinking by the University of Michigan makes one a better thinker and helps one to understand practical situations using models.
One of the greatest courses on MOOC! The only thing which is still hard to handle with is the temp of speech of the tutor. :)
Contributed to making me a clearer thinker and was a good refreshment of material from my MSc Business Administration.
Love it! This is my first foray into model thinking. I wish there is a better way to say thanks to Professor Page.
Good introduction to the material. But don't depend on the lectures / course if you want to go deeper
The teacher is witty. It's a great course, but more mathematical calculating would be better.
I think everyone should take this course although some of the lectures are hard
Good class.  A little topical, I would have liked more time Net Logo.
The main takeway for me is  the ability to understand complex models
very interesting material, easy to follow, useful quizzes and tests
Pretty good course.  The book is also very interesting.
I think it is terrific course - it is just right for me
very good, format for this class have improve a lot!!.
Very interesting material, lectures were a bore.
Gives perspective to the decisions people take
Good course to start model thinking. thanks.
I am fully satiafied with this course.
Demanding but very enlightening course
It was really an informative course.
Great course to built basic skills.
Great learning tool. Thank you!
Nice course, but lacks depth.
it is interesting course
Good overview course.
Hard, but worth it!
An Excellent Introduction to Applied MathematicsI have always loved Mathematics as I am a Computer Science student. However, my interests have  hitherto been on the pure side. This course was my introduction to Applied Mathematics, particularly in the social sciences. (Of course, I have been exposed to Applied Mathematics before, but it was always in the context of Physics or Engineering.)I heard about this course because I was reading Scott Page's book - Model Thinking.  I thought I'd take the online course parallelly as I read the book. It is an excellent course. The modules are small and digestible chunks and practical examples are given about each of the models. The course is all about the virtues of thinking of situations in multiple models and recognizing that almost all models are wrong, because by definition, a model must make simplifications from the real world. However, that doesn't mean that the model cannot explain a substantial part of the real world of provide genuine insight !The tests are great. This was my first CourseEra course. Since each test can be taken multiple times, there is no pressure or stress before the test. I started thinking of the test as another educational experience. The tests really reinforce the material. I really recommend the course, particularly if you love Mathematics and have not been exposed to how it is used in fields like Economics, Politics and Social Sciences. The only complain I have is that there is no project or paper required to be written. This is the reason I still do not feel like I have truly mastered the material in depth. I will now try to do something deeper with the material I learnt in this course.
Great Course!I first took this course in 2012, very first time it appear on Coursera, and it was mind blowing. It really made me a better thinker, open my eyes on some issues and let me look on those issues from a model point of view. Fun thing happen in 2012 - I was graduating from university in my hometown, and a question on my final goverment exam (I don't know if there such thing in other countries) was about Innovation and Solow growth model. And coincidentially I learn about this model from Professor's Page course, just before my exam. I really liked the simple way he explained it. So I was able to show the Final Exam Commission that I not just learn the material, but understant it and can argue about it. They really liked my answer and arguments and gave me a highest grade.I re-took this course in 2013 and now in 2017. The concepts about diversity and how it help produce a better result, cooperation games etc. is getting more and more useful nowadays (I think). If only more people could understand it, we'd be able not only be a better citizens of the world, but make the world a better place.Scott E. Page is a great teacher, would be glad to meet him in person.Big Thanks to Professor Page, University of Michigan and Coursera for providing this great Course. Recommend it to everyone!
Anyone who wishes to better understand our complex world (especially during this tumultuous 2020), I highly recommend the Model Thinking course offered by the University of Michigan via Coursera. It is so much more than an introduction to applied mathematics in the social sciences! This dynamic course will open your mind to new concepts and ways of thinking and help you make sense of our complex world by thinking with models. It gracefully combines theory and practical application.Thank you, Professor Scott Page, for your enthusiasm, superb ability to communicate, this well-structured and comprehensive course, and for helping us become “more intelligent citizens of the world”!
The course presents a multitude of models that enable us to analyze human and systems behavior and interactions. By making implicit assumptions explicit we can understand real world processes better.
Course is touch with understandable nice language. Also there are many real life situation to support what being taught. Definitely suggested for those who want to look at world differently
This is a great course!  The content ranges widely over models from game theory and equilibrium to evolution, prediction, networks, and more.  Anyone who wishes to better understand the world will benefit from the lecture videos and readings.  Scott Page is a first-rate expositor, offering helpful examples and analogies to elucidate ideas and relationships.  Best along side Page's book *Model Thinking,* the course brings to life many of the ideas surveyed in the text.
This is a fantastic course that I would recommend to anyone interested in learning how to think better.  It introduced me to many topics that i want to learn more about.  Thank you, Professor Page!
I learned much more than anticipated.  In fact I've already started exploring areas of my work that model thinking would apply and how to use the tools presented in this class.  Highly recommend!
It is a creative course which enlightens us with different simple models. Though simple, these models are quite versatile and apply to lots of situations. Worth learning and highly recommanding!
Perfect syllabus and topic arrangement, clear lecturing, except few Chinese
I was greatly benefited from this course.It helped me with enhancing my understanding of the world and how people make decisions and how I would make decisions etc. I really recommend this course for everyone to become a smarter person. The only setback for this course is that their exams (especially the midterm and final exams) are very difficult and take around an hour to solve. However, keep it up and I encourage you to update the videos because the course has become outdated. I really encourage you of doing so. But I understand how busy you may be. Thanks again for such a great experience.
i have sincerely learned a lot from simple models which guide effective decisions to how to complex issue such strategic approaches needed in winning multi-dimensional games. The course itself very broad and comprehensive as it covers a wide array of sections in academia, and, adding to that, it also acts as a stepping stone towards expansive understanding of other related  topics such as philosophy, critical thinking, and game theory.
The message that models are a very good way of thinking about the world is not mere rhetoric. It's clearly the best option in the house. This course gives us a overview of some of the more important models that exist. It made me miss my university times, where I learnt most of them in other contexts. It was amazing to study these models again in such a broader view of their application. Enjoy.
Great content and lectures, that possibly provides new dimensions to look/explain the situation in context, I guess I will comeback for references to continue with this  journey in to 'Model Thinking'
it is great and thanks for instructor teaching this course. I have learned much
I loved this course.I followed this course to prepare myself for teaching a similar course at the HZ University of Applied Sciences in the Netherlands.This MOOC suits me perfectly to flip the classroom. Students study the videos offered by professor Page before they come to class. In class, I organize workshops that take about three hours during which the models are discussed and applied in groups of up to four students. Having a big classroom available with whiteboards all around the walls is a big plus. Standing really makes people's mind moving.At the end of each workshop, students have to do an assignment that closely relates to the topics that arose during the workshop. Together, all these assignments make up the portfolio wherein students keep track of their learning process and reflect on their learning experience.I wish everybody a happy thoughtful day,Frank PeetersSenior Lecturer at the HZ University of Applied Sciences in the Netherlandsfrank.peeters@hz.nl
Excellent course. Exposed to a variety of mathematical models to describe phenomena in economics, social sciences, biology, and  psychology. I took this course to, in the course's words, "become a more intelligent citizen" and Model Thinking has definitely delivered on that - lots of things in the world now appear more understandable. For example, having learned about R numbers and the SIRS model, I have a greater understanding of the current coronavirus pandemic. Having learned about models of crowd behaviour (e.g. standing ovation model etc.), I have a greater understanding of current BLM, anti-lockdown protests etc. Having learned about models of reciprocal altruism, I can articulate one reason why I've always found people to be more helpful in rural villages as opposed to the big city. The list goes on - that's the main benefit of this course, the models you learn are "fertile" and can be applied to variety of issues that affect you in everyday life.
This is an outstanding course on the many model approach to problem solving.  I got way more than I expected from the course - I did not expect to see coverage of agent based modeling, linear models, tipping points, and game theory in one course.  I also got less than I wanted as we went along.  Each class was a short trailer on the models and many a times I wanted to know more.  I at least know what to explore, which is not a bad outcome for a course you can complete quite quickly. Professor Page's enthusiasm for the models and the need to cycle information through multiple models is infectious, informative and ultimately very inspiring.
Taking this course has really broadened my mind to see how models help to explain situations in the real world, but I don't expect to be able to remember ALL of the models as there are simply too many to choose from! I really enjoyed how the professor eases into each week, gives examples, adds in-video questions to test if you're still awake, and finally ties the lecture off with a "Thank You" ... it really puts a nice touch into an otherwise long and potentially dry course. I'd have liked to see some in-lecture polls, and peer assignments after each mid-term.
The course touches on a wide variety of topics, while keeping a clear focus. The presentations are fun to watch and Prof. Scott presents with enthusiasm and presents interesting  examples  where the models apply in day to day life. The syllabus adds some interesting leads for those who want to dig a bit deeper in that matter.  I'm happy to have learnt some new models, deeper understood some models I used to know  and eager to see how to apply this in the future. Mental note: Be open to switch chairs,  but be careful to switch rooms ;-)
One of the best classes for a "thinking" person to understand complexity in human society. How does complexity arise from "simple" interactions among people, culture, nations?  The instructor (Scott E Page) is a gifted with magical ability to explain complex ideas through "simple" examples, yet preserve the "complexity" of problems.  Quizzes and exams are also well thought out. Thank you to all  (Professor, teaching staff, forum contributors and moderators)  for putting together the amazing experience of "Model Thinking"!
This excellent course provides a broad overview of the main models for decision support. Arguments are too vast to be treated in a single course, each of them would deserve at least one special course. But what is important is the knowledge of these opportunities. The course provides the basic tools in several areas, leaving the opportunity to deepen to the interest of each participant. A special praise to the teacher, proficient in triggering the audience's interest and attention, with a good dose of sympathy and irony.
Barely in and it's one of the very best most fun courses I've taken. Scott is hugely enthusiastic and articulate in just the right ways. I hope I'm learning as much as I'm having fun letting model patterns float through my brain. I guess that is learning, sorta. I'm excited to complete the course and build on it. A very good sign. Thank you all so much for putting these courses out there. It's fucking fantastic. Okay, it doesn't really get more emphatic than that from me. Thank you again. Tom Bauer.
Very useful and engaging course in general! There were a lot of interesting parts in it. Especially, because it showed that the "many model thinking" is a useful "tool" in various fields of life. There were some trivial parts/ lectures, but it was still useful to go back to some basics for deeper understanding. Scott Page was also a great lecturer and I liked the whole structure of the course. Thanks for the great course, keep up the good work!
An enlightening course. Opens my mind to a wide vista of new ways of thinking and living. Practical with seemingly endless tools for the mind. Prof. Page provides a wide variety of examples that are relatable.The best thing for me is how Prof. Page feels relatable and approachable in his teaching style - he seems to really want students to understand what he's teaching and meeting us where we are, providing excellent scaffolding along the way.
I have a Masters degree and until I took this MOOC I had somehow gotten used to the ridiculous notion that I had learned everything that I needed to know. I am pleasantly amazed at how much I still don't know and I am very excited to learn more. I have even started reading journal articles by Page and Zellner because I am very facinated by the models shown to me in this course.Thank you very much for making this material available.
This course is a true delight. You will not learn advanced mathematics of programming skills: for that, there's plenty available. More critically, this course will give you the motivation to face that sometimes daunting math with a smile on your face. It will also give you critical skills to think about topics such as elections, forest fires, randomness and strategy. I cannot recommend this enough. Also, the professor is amazing.
This class is just absolutely fantastic. I learned a ton and ended up getting a few of Scott Page's books, which go into even more detail (but still not at a level where someone like me, with a minimal math background, couldn't get it). Thank you for making this course. I'm a PhD student in Philosophy and this class (and Page's books) helped me work on an epistemology paper I would have been unable to do otherwise. Thank you!
It is hard to imagine that a huge amount of information, which Scott collected, structured and offered as a finished course. I have learned a lot new data about natural phenomena, the behavior of the group of people and individuals in different social and economic conditions. I think that course is very useful to any person who want to expand his horizons and become truly "an intelligent citizen in the world". Thanks a lot.
One the finest course I had ever opted for. Professor Scott E Page is a true genius. The learning community needs more such courses especially from the legend himself to make a better sense of the things happening around us. It is highly recommended to purchase the books written by Professor Scott E Page for that every book worth its weight in gold. With profound regards to Professor Scott E Page. Cheers.
This course blew my mind week after week.  Professor Page's excitement for the topic combined with an amazing ability to communicate clearly and concisely made this an awesome 12 week journey.  The double edge of the course is that after 11 weeks my brain is carrying so many new models, it can be hard to keep them straight ... that's what practice and refreshing is for.  Awesome class!
Models are the stuff of knowledge: we propose simplified versions of how the world works and consider how well they match reality. Scott answers the philosophical question "What are models for?" and gives an introduction to several engaging models. Anyone who wants to become a lifelong learner will do well to develop the skill of designing, refining, and applying their own models.
A great intro to mental models - interesting, provocative and thought-inducing. Scott lays off the foundation by breaking complex processes into simple equations and deriving the formulas (the formulas that really work!). This course will definitely help one start looking at our world in models - getting a clearer understanding of what's happening around us.Thanks, Mr. Page! <3
An eye opening walk through different models that govern our lives, both personal, political, social, economic and... [insert any industry, academic discipline]. It'll help you become a more rational person, pay attention to fallacies and patterns that appear around us. Might also turn you into a selfish bot evaluating everything rationally, unless that's just me ;-)
This was a very well structured course. Prof. Scott has delivered wach lecture with great clarity. As introduction course, it had a very good range of topics and models to learn from. The content is intuitive enough to apreciate the "fertility" of these models and apply them in various contexts.Many thanks,Looking forward to more such courses on modeling,Udaya Ranga
Great course for quantitative social science, focusing on modeling. I recommend anyone who are interested in social science to take it to know something beyond the traditional reasoning method. I really think quantitative is the future of social science though it is not mature enough. Anyway, this course gives a great introduction, and the content is plenty.
There's something really amazing about having a class with Professor Page. He deeply knows how to keep a class alive! He ends his class sessions with "thank you", and now, I want to say him thank "you"! This class helped me to find my true way. I found the very thing I was seeking. I deeply appreciate it. Thanks for this great opportunity! :)))
This is a brilliant course taught by an exceptional instructor who is a passionate innovator in his field. This course not online provided me with just the right amount of "stretch" in terms of the intellectual effort needed, it also expanded the boundaries of my knowledge. You will become smarter if you take this course, I highly recommend it.
Its an excellent introductory course to develop model thinking capability in an intuitive and practical manner. The course is designed to supplement you cognitive abilities to analyse a variety of decisions people take in life. The instructor, course content and reading material are exceptionally good and I learnt a lot by taking this course.
This is an amazing course for high school students and undergraduate freshmen, especially for students without STEM backgrounds.Know that it's a very basic introductory course, like an appetizer, it's up to you to research more into all those models (rigorous definition, mathematical formulae, technical papers, real-world application, etc.).
Simply, a great surprise! Content, videos, material, answers in the Forum, Coursera help online. It's been a rewarding journey! I must Excel the materials before I am taking a new one, and I need to wait for a period where the workload is letting me put the effort needed to succeed, but I'll repeat next summer again! Highly recommended!
This was a very interesting course. Scott Page is an excellent lecturer. The lectures often have questions in them that make sure the student understands the lecture. The reviews also ask good questions to help the student learn. One suggestion for improvement is that the lectures that have corrections in them should be recorded again.
A fantastic course that covers a wide variety of topics. My particular interest is in mathematical models and there are plenty of those. The instructor, Scott, was really faultless. I'd recommend this course to anyone who genuinely wants to become a clearer thinker and someone who can analyse and understand the world around them.
I took this course as it looked interesting and even though the topic is not something I would normally use in my professional career I would highly recommend as it will give you new insights to a wide variety of different situations.   There is a lot packed into the course and the lecturer is highly effective and engaging.
I have thouroughly enjoyed this course; it was a great introduction to many new concepts and reasoning frameworks and I cannot wait to dwell deeper into the technicalities of each model. Scott's lectures and explanations are easy to follow, entertaining and I liked having diverse extra readings for each topic.
Outstanding mind-changing introduction to the world of models. Very fertile in terms of applications. Would definitely use the lessons learned in my field — making video games. Take the course if you feel like you need to upgrade your rational thinking and learn a new stuff outside the scope of your field.
I like it when courses are related to real life problems and thus immediately useful. And that's the case with this course. You'll not only learn some interesting ways to model things out. It will make you tick and reflect on a lot of subjects / putting things into perspectives. Long but rewarding!
An excellent introduction to using models for practical purposes. I wanted to learn about agent-based modelling, which I achieved in this course. I also learned a lot about models that I had never encountered in previous courses or reading. So I gained a lot from completing the course.
Very dinamic, interesting and useful course, that many people from various spheres of work and interests could take with benefits. Although few questions in quizzes are doubtfull, the very lections of course are great! Many thanks to Scott E. Page and all other course team members!
It is a valuable course that can help you grab new perspectives of thoughts on different kinds of things no matter it is regarding to economics, sociology, psychology or ecology. Comparing to other entry level courses, it is not an easy one but you can learn a lot from it.
This is an EXCELLENT CLASS. If you're someone who isn't math savvy and wants to see how math can be used in the real world, check this course out. It really helps you to see the underlying commonalities between all kinds of problems. Great course. Relatable instructor.
Hats off to Scott E. Page et al. for putting together this amazing set of lectures and course material.  The whole organization of videos, notes, readings fits together really well. I am very happy to have invested my time in this course, it has been very rewarding.
Really a great course. I wasn't sure what to expect when I signed up but was encouraged by the great reviews. I am very happy I chose to take this course. I didn't realize how informative that framing problems with models can be to gaining insight into the issue.
This is a good course to inspire my model thinking. The models in this class include daily situations. Our decisions usually follow a pattern that we may not notice. Study of this course helps me better think critically and make decisions in real-life situation.
One of the best courses ever on and offline at any University I've been to. Only way to have got it better would have been to do assignments, but I suspect it may have caused a drop in the total number of users participating. Super Excellent course!
Scott Page does a great job explaining the use of models. In this course you will get an overview of a lot of different models, how to use them, how to construct them and why models are so useful. The world of the minde and  thoughts...at it's best
This course can enrich one's pluralistic thinking and grant us a wide range of tools in perceiving the world and phenomenons associated with it. Please access to and read through all materials given in the syllabus to make full use of this course.
This is a great introductory course for someone who wants to understand what modeling really is and what are some of the tools and techniques used to come up with a model. This might even pique your curiosity to other advance underlying subjects.
内容的确非常多，非常庞杂。但很有帮助，我不敢确定自己以后都能记得住（虽然在本子上记录很多），但我相信遇到问题后不会总是从直觉做判断了。it is very helpful, and it is very abundant. I am not sure how many I locked in my brain, but I believe instinct judgement will only be a small part of my further distinguishing
AWESOME!The day I started the course I thought like 'well, maybe i will look through several lectures', but during the course i understood that i was wrong. The course is super useful and interesting! Especially for engineer guys like myself.
I have taken many Coursera courses, and Model Thinking is one of the best! Each week, you learn two new models, and over time, you see how you can become a better, more effective thinker by *combining* different models. Highly recommended!
This is a very good course for many people. From engineers (I am one myself) to economists and policy makers, there is always something usefull. Also, the classes are fun to watch! I had a great time and learned a great deal. Thanks!
This was a fantastically nuanced, and challenging course. Out of all of the MOOCs  I've done so far, this has really changed the way I see events around me and has led me to look for patterns in things I've never considered before.
Excellent course to join the world of modelling (and big data). Very useful for marketing or regulatory/government affairs. Looking forward to deepening my modelling skills and applying them to real-life situations professionally.
This course changed the way I think about many issues.  The professor's enthusiasm was infectious and the quizzes contributed to the learning process. Only request would be for additional, higher level courses on the same topic.
I took this course at the University of Michigan and used the Coursera version as a study aid. This has been one of the most interesting and thought provoking classes I have taken in my academic career. Thank you Professor Page.
What a refreshing portfolio of perspectives on modelling! This course answered a lot of questions that I've been accumulating overtime in the 'unanswered' log in my brain. Doing this course felt like a long overdue spring clean.
The course is a great introduction to a fascinating world of modeling. It beautifully combines theory and practical application that encourages thinking about the world in a new, logical, and intelligent way. Highly recommend!
This is a great and challenging course for anyone who wants to learn and explore the fast changing world.  The principles provided in this course serve as a strong foundation for us to be more productive as a global citizen.
Great professor and resources, relevant concepts about different Thinking Models, Markov, Lyapunov, Blotto, Linear, Categorial, Nash Equilibrium, Paretto Efficiency, etc.Useful to apply on workplace and daily life as well...
The most inspiring course I've ever watched. Millions of thanks and respect to professor Page. I will absolutely watch it again until I understand everything he says and be capable of explaining the models to my friends.
An excellent course but to apply this practically would require one to be flexible in their understanding of the concepts and fit them into their current work and this is doable (a little bit of thinking out of the box)
Even if you already have a strong math background, this course will open your eyes: it will provide you with extremely useful tools to think clearly about important problems. Scott is a great teacher, 100% recommended.
A very good training, really pushed me to think in model terms, looking at most of the life aspect and see correlations, maybe causations, being challenged to use more models at once, I highly recommend this course
It is really great course!Thanks for making it available.I think it is course that everybody should take before going into machine learning/data science. It may help you to make better sense of what you will learn.
This overview of a variety of modeling concepts and applications was both challenging and interesting. The course requires study and effort which pays off with a broader perspective on simple and complex processes.
It is a very interesting course. The lecture is easy to understand and the lecturer is very friendly. I got a lot of interesting and useful knowledge not only for my jobs but also for my life. Thank you very much!
I found this to be extremely interesting. This is the course that you savour every second of. Both content and delivery are superlative. Highly recommended if you have any clue of what models are all about.
Excellent course showing some interesting ways to analyse social relationships using simple models. The lecturer is excellent: clear explanations, well organised and provides nice examples of the concepts.
One of the best courses I've seen. Broad coverage of different types of models and many have a place in the life of an analyst or data scientist. Excellent. I also strongly recommend Scott Page's books.
This course is simply AMAZING!!! Thank you Michigan University, & Mr. Scott for your meticulous efforts in bringing to the world quality education in the most simplified pattern!!! Kuddos to Coursera!!!
Very good and inspiring course. It teaches around 20 different models, not overwhelming you with math but giving you nonetheless a good and solid introduction. Also, the reading material is really good.
Wonderful course and equally wonderful instructor. I really like how Scott builds up from a very simple model and by explaining the intuition behind how we got the math, explains the maths.
This is a great introduction to the types and uses of models. The lectures are clear, and the examples given show good applicability to real world problems. Thanks for making it available!
This course is a great introduction to simple but useful models. The prominent feature of the course is an intuition and practical examples based one the models provided. Many thanks!
I learned a lot in this course. I think it is a essential course to social scientists especially those that are a little lost, don't knowing how they contribute to the wider society.
This is a course for anyone who wants to be able to think logically. As an IT professional I would recommend this course to my colleagues in the Information Technology field.
Very inspiring! Brings me into a whole new world, to look at things from brand new perspective.I love this course and would like to be posted on any update on this subject.
First time I have ever been excited about algebra and calculus. Understanding models will prove to be of great value when asked to interpret the meaning of collected data.
Loving this course so far, eager and excited to continue it and finish very soon. A great addition of analytical frameworks and management strategies to add to my toolkit.
Really good. Fantastic overview. For my taste it was a bit too easy and it could have gone more in depth in some topics. But I understand the need to keep it general also.
Very interesting!  The teacher explains really well and even though his expertise is social science, he always explains how this thinking can pertain to other realms.
All the way 5! I am a last year Ph.D. candidate and this is one of the best courses I have ever had in my whole life! The instructor is amazing! I highly recommend.
Clear. Well paced. Methodical. Ideal balance of mathematics and practical application. Mathematics not too overwhelming although it did push my thinking hard.
A very good course. Need time to be completed. It should continue on and lectures should be available every time regarless of end of quizez or assignments.
I enjoyed
this course a lot; it is very comprehensive and let you gain a lot of
perspective through the models discussed in it and how you can apply those.
I have downloaded all the videos and even the lecture notes (as well prepared one). Greatly helpful to my profession. Thank you for this wonderful course.
Well done, the professor has a great personality which makes it fun to understand the topics.  Using math to solve practical real life problems.  Amazing!
Excellent course with in-detail reference material and a great teacher who makes difficult concepts very easy to comprehend with interesting examples!
This is a great course for multiple application areas and skill levels. The topic is important for everyone, regardless of background and objectives.
Succinct, useful in day to day life, easy to understand and yet complex. A great course I would recommend to everybody (and frequently do recommend).
Il loved this course-- what I could finish of it. I come back to it again and again.   Clear, great referernces and resources..and excellent Profes
I really enjoyed taking this course. If you are looking to improve your thinking skills, understand the world better. You should take this course
Don't let the length of the course discourage you. It is worth it by the end. Very informative and useful in both professional and personal life.
A really useful and interesting lesson. Learning through numbers of simple but meaningful models, providing me an introduction to model thinking.
Great lectures, but I would appreciate the course much more if it went deeper into the mathematics and how to model things from that perspective.
It’s really funny,and we can learn a lot from this course,even without any awareness.Just a few words that we cannot get it indeed frustrated us.
Despite I had a "theory construction & model building" course at my university, it was still a pleasure to go through these lectures, thanks!
My favorite course of all time.. It has a lot of interesting concepts and a fascinating perspective on this weird thing the world/society is.
A comprehensive course that goes into different areas of science to demonstrate why and how modeling is used. Fun to watch and very clear!
Excellent course to understand how to use different models to think and make decisions, in general and in a work setting, in particular.
Excellent course, wide scale application, highly recommend.Also :-clear presentation-no technical issues with quizzes or content issues
Eye-opening cross-disciplinary program with an outstanding teacher. Cannot be better, thank you Internet for bringing this to everyone.
This is a 5 Star course that really makes a person "more intelligent" and better at understanding the world and real-life situations.
Very cool course shows me how to model many real world examples, tons of modeling techniques, and most importantly, how to think inde
This course is brilliant. Organised, well paced and has really consolidated the direction of study I would like to pursue. Thank you!
This was  one of the best courses I've taken so far. Thanks for providing this great material and information to students worldwide.
Excellent course. Even just the first two weeks are worth 5 stars. The math can be intimidating later on. Take what works for you!!
Really great course. Thanks University of Michigan and Professor Scott Page for sharing such interesting material with us. Bests!
It was great introductory course to the awesome world of models. I've enjoyed and learned a lot. Thanks Coursera and Prof. Page.
I enjoy a lot the contents and the way this course is taught. It certainly delivers its promises and  it does that with a smile.
A very fun and comprehensive course. Helps you to look at the world with a better and a much clearer perspective using models.
If you're interested in thinking more accurately, this course exposes you to a variety of models to help with that. Terrific!
Broad & Simple to follow - some basic math is required. Many models introduced and extremenly useful to have in your toolbox.
Very good introduction to model thinking.  Thanks for providing this free course and the excellent delivery from Scott Page.
I definitely will recommend it to some other friends! It made me understood much better with great and detailed examples.
It is a great class. Please keep moving on if you could not understand some sections. You will get it in future sections.
Super informative and in some cases even entertaining.This course helped me to look at our lives from a different poi
Excellent course , very clear lectures by Professor Scott and an intellectual course.  Learned a lot and thank you !
Really useful course. Recommended to everyone who want to be introduced to models and acquire a new way of thinking.
I would love to watch the videos again! They are helpful and you will find that they can be used in your daily life.
Excellent overview of a wide variety of models with nice and easy tasks and great examples of real life application.
Excellent course, it helps understanding the world around us and creating logical ways to solve complex problems.
A truly exceptional course with a passionate lecturer. I do not hesitate in recommending this course to anyone.
This is an awesome course. Just would like to have some advanced courses that discuss creation of more models.
Best high level modeling course!  The course uses Interesting important examples for each category of model.
A great introduction to various models and how to use them as a grounding to understanding complex systems.
Scott E is wonderful to learn from! Very exciting and interesting material, worth taking the deep dive!
The instructor does a very good job in explaining difficult concepts and is amazing in his teaching ..
This course is changing the way I looked at analytics and modeling for businesses. Great experience.
Very interesting course, gives useful insights into different phenomena observed in the real world.
Excellent introduction to the world of models - lots of insights and new ways to look at the world
Truly something great! Learnt a lot from this course, and would apply these to my personal life!
this course keeps the basic line for thinking on platform. And the You can get the Idea of resol
Unfolds different way to understand and approach  great diversity of problems , awesome course!
Excellent course which enhances critical thinking and helps in decision making based on models.
Very srtuctored,  informative course. Is definitly useful for students from diverse specalties.
I learned a variety of models that are applicable to work and real-world situational problems.
Very interesting course, after learning these method, it helps me to view the world different.
Lots of interesting and practical models were taught. Definitely gonna take this course again.
No course helped me in understanding complex systems like this one take the time to learn this
I certainly advise everyone this course. Thank you for such a good and informative lessons.
I really enjoyed doing model thinking, one gets to view problems in different perspectives
Very interesting. Especially the part about the game of life and cellular automata models!
It  has been an absolute delight and opened up my mind regarding day to day phenomenons.
Great course. Super interesting from start to finish with excellent real-world examples.
Super entertaining and so necessary for critical thinking in an information rich world!
great source of knowledge in models and how they can be used in real problem scenarios.
Great content, well explained, straight to the point without filler. Excellent teacher.
Excellent Teaching and Good content for getting an introduction for Model Thinking.
It's very interesting course. I'm learning new things that were not noticed before
Helps you think with clarity while approaching a problem at work or in real life.
Excellent professor, meaningful insights and great course! Extremely recommended!
Great course! I love it so much. thanks for all the hard work done by the team.
It's an amazing course that explains different ways to understand the world.
It offers excellent tools so as to understand networks, totally recommended.
very good for beginner. if speaking speed can slow a little, will be nicer!
Fascinating course. Worth every penny paid and every minute devoted to it.
this is a excellent course that helps you inproving your thinking quality.
I really love how this course covers this interesting and useful subject.
Great course. Useful for a broad range of subjects. Helpful even in life.
love it great general start, gentle introduction in all the right ways
This course is exellent for whom want to be a leader in their country.
Very interesting and really helped me to understand the world better.
Great material and clear explanations with a lot of relevant examples
This course really informs us a great idea ----- the value of a model
Extraordinary. I was a pretty good thinker but now I am way better.
This is the course that I recall many times in my work and studies
It's not just for good citizens, it's also for good politicians !
i love itit's confertabel,ican't say any word to discrable.....
Very useful in getting to know or getting started in modelling.
Very explanatory entrance level of modeling. Great instructor!
very good course i will recommend it to all the people i coach
Clear concise and very interesting. I can't believe it's free
Excellent course. Great professor. Really enjoying the course
This is one of the best courses I have ever take in thinking.
This was an amazing course. helped me learn a lot of models.
great course, interesting , many new perspective over worlds
Brilliant course. It will change the way you see the world!
Great course! This can help you in making better decisions.
Great breadth and appropriate depth facilitating easy grasp
Great course covering modeling techniques and perspective!
Excellent exposition of a variety of mathematical models.
Fantastic Course! Scientifically robust in a humble way
I learnt new things like how to see things in a new way
A impressive course that changed my perspective a lot!
Very Good course with right pace and challenge for me
Fantastic course! Really nice introduction to models!
Presenter is excellent, subject matter is fascinating
This course allows you to see the world differently.
This is a very informative course, highly recommend!
I learned alot and Got a grasp of some useful model
I started to better understand stuff and processes.
I still refer back to this. Invaluable. Brilliant.
Very interesting and easy to follow. Thanks guys.
Very good course. Complete, useful and practical.
Really nice introduction to a variety of models.
Nice course that learn us to think by ourselves
Great course. Well done. Practical application.
Quite interesting topic. Well-organized notes.
Great introductory course to expand your mind.
Really enjoyed the professor and the content.
Probably the best online course I have taken!
This course is very informative and inspiring
Really a great course and a great professor!
Excellent course. Would strongly recommend.
It's an awesome course! Learned a lot here.
Haven't done it yet but I love it. Vamanos.
Excellent teaching and materialThanks Scott
The yeacher is  so kind,patient and wise.
A great job that professor Page is doing.
Best online course I have ever attended.
Great coverage on how to model a system!
Excellent, learn a lot and entertaining
Changes the way you think about models
Simply excellent from start to finish.
Model Thinking is an excellent course
Very interesting, clear and useful.
Brilliant subject, awesome teacher!
Love this course! Thank you a lot!
very useful and interesting course
great course, inspires me a lot
Useful and well done.Thank you
It's great but a bit too easy
I wish I could take it again!
Great and interesting course!
Probably my favourite course.
Scott E Page is totally cool!
Fantastic, I love this course
Essential for everyday life!
This course is just amazing.
Wonderful course,Thank you.
Complete and very usefull.
Quizzes could be improved
Excellent course by Scott
It really opened my mind.
An extraodinary course!
Great Course! Loved it!
Really like the course
Great course, thanks.
I loved this course.
Mind opening course!
this is what I need.
Very intersting
Simply deep.
great people
HIS speak
