The videos didn't work correctly (sound and subtitles). I suggest to fix the problems because it is hard to understand the content of the course if the problems reamin.
The exam is complicated
Thank you for allowing these opportunities that enrich the knowledge of each individual; allowing the possibility of obtaining extensive knowledge for professional and personal life. Thank you, greetings from Colombia.
The course is very good and interesting the course on negotiation strategies and skills the good that it gives examples and cases but it had been more concise and explicit and of key points and practice
Very interesting, useful and great course. Congrats to Coursera to give this course to many people. Thanks to Prof. Siedel for sharing his knowledge and experience.
really well-explained introductory course for negotiations.I would have liked to see more reading materials and real cases explanaied apart to apply the concepts
A great course. I learned a new perspective about negotiation, now I'll continue to making my road. Thanks
the examples could be more current, however the content is still very good, despite the years
This is actually a very nice course if you're a beginner in the world of negotiating.
EL CURSO ES EXCELENTE, AGREGARÍA MÁS EJEMPLOS PARA CONSOLIDAR MEJOR LOS CONCEPTOS
excellent topics, boring speaker
Excellent course, I learned a lot from him, and I apply it to my negotiations. The TEACHER is well trained, pleasant, his advice, experience and exercises are great. Thank you God bless you!
It's such an amazing course. It is not just helping me in my professional development also in my personal life. Thank you very much Profesor George Siedel, University of Michigan and Coursera.
An excellent course that will open your mind when is related to negotiations of all kinds. The last test could have been shorter and divided along with the entire program, but overall great value.
This course is an excellent one that every professional must take in order to develop negotiation skils. The course is presented in an easy way to understand by foreing students and the Professor is an experienced professional in the matter that helps students to understand all topics using interesting real examples. I suggest all people in Coursera´s community to take advantage of this course.
An excellent course that showed me an undiscovered world (for me) about a very trivial situation that occurs almost everyday but is usually unnoticed. Thanks  to the Michigan University for this opportunity and to Mr. George Siedel, I want to highlight his performance, explanations and videos that although simple, are very entertained and highly educationals in every moment.
It was an amazing course. There are no courses either about Negotiation or ADR in my country (Peru) and it is very useful for me. Mr Siedel is the best professor in Coursera by far. All the classes were interesting and always with good examples. Thank you all you guys and University of Michigan, you are doing an outstanding job!
A 5-star course! This is definitely an excellent course for students with or with out business background or any training. The professor uses many life examples to present the complicated theories, so that the student can understand the concepts from their experiences. In addition, the professor considers a lot about the cultural differences in this course, which is very thoughtful and important for international students.
I really enjoy this course !!! Professor George Siedel has a unique and detailed way to explain the chapters. He presented very good examples in every video, most of them were real life stories that everybody can related to. This course give extremely useful tools that will help anyone to improve the negotiation skills. Highly recommended !!! Prof. Siedel did a great job !!!
It is a excellent course, I found a good balance between concepts and practical matters I think it could improve if you add some other exercises as the final oneThere are some translation opportunities that could improve as well. I found some  names of concepts in the book and some others in the course and the final testThank you very much
Great course!! I would only sugest to present the resources when they are needed, instead of at the beginning of the lesson of each week. Other than that I really enjoyed the course and liked how casual the professor is, without losing professionalism
I'm From Venezuela and coursera financed my course and i'm really grateful for that! i really learned a lot from this course, i love the experience to learn about that awesome university, and the honour to have that really proffesional teacher!
This was the best course of negotiation I've ever had! Short and sweet but still very thorough! Will 100% recommend taking the course. There are actual strategies that is applicable in real life. I'm very impressed and satisfied!
This course was suggested by my supervisor and I cannot be more grateful. It has opened my eyes to new negotiation techniques, ethical aspects and I am sure that I will apply this knowledge both in my work and in my life.
Very enjoyable, captivating, straight to the point, really interesting to follow. The teacher is impeccable, serious, so professional, you notice you learn from a great teacher. Thank you very much. Carmen Herranz
Thumbs up. I have no preivious experience on this topic and I learned a lot. Thanks to the professor, he speaks in a enthusiastic manner. It has been a great oportunity and an honor to learn from Prof. Siedel.
Excellent course, I learned a lot about the process of preparing a negotiation, the process of agreement, and everything related to the different alternatives in the negotiation. Thank you very much.
Nice course, with amazingly interesting contents and really useful teaching lessons. Highly recommended, non only from a professional point of view, also for the day to day life out of the office.
Mr. Sidel is an expert in this theme, the quality in theory and practice is awesome ! Do not hesitate to take this course ! It is unbeliebable that you can gt it for free!!!!!
EXCELENTE EXPOSITOR, PRESENTACION  DIDACTICA Y ADECUADA  DE LOS TEMAS .-  ADEMAS PERMITE ADQUIRIR  CONOCIMIENTOS TECNICOS PARA  INCORPORARLOS EN LA PRACTICA LABORAL DIARIA.-
Excellent course! It is very practical and applicable to real life.  The instructors examples are simple to understand yet teach very powerful concepts.
I think it is the best course that I have done so far to prepare oneself at a work and professional level by examples of all levels and complexity.
Muy buen curso, aprendí mucho y el docente es realmente didácticoReally good course, i learned a lot and the teacher use a didactic methodology
It's really really good this course, I've learned a lot of things and overall to key points to move forward negotiations in a properly way
I specially liked the way George Siedel giave the course with many real life examples which were very helpful to retain the concepts.
EXCELENTE CURSO, MUY  COMPLETO, CON MUY BUENOS EJEMPLOS DE LA VIDA REAL QUE NOS DAN UNA IDEA CLARA Y OBJETIVA DE LA TEORÍA ENSEÑADA.
I am very grateful for the opportunity, I have learn several concepts that would be very helpful in my professional service.
Really a very interesting course, I've learn the most important tools for a successful negotiation. Two thumb up!
Its a Great course, you learn to much, and all you learned in this house, im sure, you will use it on you life.
Great Knowledge from the Professor, useful for anyone, skills that can be applied on our daily routines
It is a very interesting and useful course, no just in a professional way, but for your personal life.
Excellent course to perfect your personal and professional negotiation skills. Highly recommended.
Excellent. The right lenght. The videos are very engaging. The negotiation on week 6 is awesome.
Is a great and complete course. It is 80% based on the book "Negociar, ruta hacia el éxito"
Great Course, for my it was very difficult to pass the exam, but is a really great test
I loved this course, I learned a lot! And much more with the test. Thank you so much.
Excellent introductory course to negotiation: complete, clear and full of examples!
UN CURSO EXCELENTE QUE ME AYUDA A VER TODOS LOS ASPECTOS Y PANORAMAS EN LA NEGOCIA
Excellent course!! amazing tools for negociation. I am really Glad to take it!
Excellent course, the strategies and all the advice were amazing and useful
Very good course, with an excellent trainer who knew him subject very well.
Is an excelent curse for people, who wants to learn estragedy in businnes
Great content and excellent teacher!. Congratulations professor.
I really enjoyed the course. Lessons are masterpiece. Thank you.
Excellent examples and theory, provides with clear information
THIS IS THE BEST TRADING COURSE I HAVE EVER BEEN IN. THANKS.
One of the most amazing courses that i´ve done in my life.
Excellent course, thank you so much dear george.
A complete introduction to the negoiation world!
It´s a wonderful course! I am so happy! Thanks
Really good course to get the basic knowledge.
This course  has been one of the best I took
Extraordinary Professor.Meaningfull content.
One of the best courses that I've taken
Thanks Geroge Seidel, professor, T
Good course, interesting content.
World changing learning program!
very professional and nice cours
Very interesting and helpfull
The teaches is Excellent
Me gusto muchisimo
Wonderfull course!
very grateful
Just Great!!!
