I did not find this course helpful. The assignments seem to ask for more info that you've been taught in any of the videos. My analogy for the course is this: It's like making a newborn baby watch a video on swimming and then throwing it into the ocean and acting shocked when it doesn't know how to swim. The mentors in the discussion forum are condescending and do not help when you don't understand the terms they are using. I would not recommend this course for beginners.
I got a 95% and maybe I learned something but I can honestly say it wasn't because I watched the videos - the professor is seriously disconnected. Programming for "Everybody"? I know what I want to do with programming, but all the examples and small programs you write in this course give you no idea of what of someone outside science and math will ever use programming for.
Two weeks of all sort of nonsense, including macarena, Harry Potter, sorting hat, videos of meaningless travels and lots of self-promotion. Pure crap that doesn´t worth anybody´s time. When theory started on week 3 it was confusing, boring and as time is life I decided to quit.  It shocked me that a serious university like University of Michigan has a clown on its payroll.
We tried to use this class to teach a brown bag lunch for our employees interested in programming.  Python is a great language but this class has a very low content to volume ratio (nobody wants to watch the instructor meet his life-time idol at a trade-show or watch the Intel versus AMD melt-down commercials over their lunch break).
To be honest, I thought the course stumbled and fell short.  It was too basic and slow paced.  The tone was a bit immature at times, and perhaps appropriate only for a grade school level classroom--not something for working professionals.  And it's certainly not mature enough or challenging enough for a university class.  Even if the goal were to teach those with no programming experience, it could accomplish that  while providing more content, and making the content relevant. Is the course worth the price?  Hell no.  If you do pay, you may feel very cheated at the end.  The entire course can be reduced to 3 pages of notes.  One would be better off checking into other free, online tutorials.    I'm not sure about the value of the videos titled "Office Hours."  They all appeared as self-promotional behavior from the professor, as if to say, "hey look how great I am making this video in Paris."  They're really nothing more than that.  In one video, he corners a guest speaker at a conference, who appears annoyed after a few minutes and gives the professor a polite brush-off:  "other people here would like to talk with me too."  After all of these videos, you will ask yourself, "okay, why did Severance make me watch that?"  "What was the point?"  And you'll shrug your shoulders and say, "another waste of time."
Most vague info, assignments don't even have  anything to do  with the videos, and the videos are not helpful because they don't give any examples. Terrible, and extremely hard. I do not recommend this course to beginners, or to anyone for that fact.
I am very disappointed with this programming course. The course lacks detail and deepth and could be taught in 45 to 60 minutes instead of 7 weeks. The quizzes and assignments were to easy and basic (solved in less than 5 minutes) and definitely not enough. Annoying was the overuse of colours in almost every video (almost everything was coloured - highlighting everything is just as usefull as highlighting nothing, green box with white text inside - did you try to read that on a different monitor than yours?), the pointless and useless doodles, smilies and whatsoever, wasting my time by watching you dispose your teabag/drinking tea or coffee/talking about your mug/etc., why do you even need to drink in a 20 minute-or-less video. The Tutor tried to loosen a dry topic. Mostly it wasn't my humor but I can live with that. I had hoped for more :(
This course has been dumbed down so much that no moderately intelligent person should be subjected to it.  Coursera really needs to rethink its approach to teaching.  I can only express my sympathy for those were seduced into actually paying for this course.
This Course is bad! I try to ask for help and then mentors only reply with I cant help you because of the Honor code. Well tat doesn't sound like much of an honor code to me. Of course I am doing my own work duh! I just need help. Dont we all need help from time to time. I think Coursera needs a lot of improvement. I am extremely dissatisfied with Coursera and this course but especially the mentors and their lack of mentoring. Education should be uplifting and positive and an area where individuals can ask question and receive help and not be scolded for asking help or asking questions like a beat down dog. I mean really I think Coursera needs to go take some hints from a real school or university and seek information on education and how it is best when students teach each other and If I can ask for help and learn from others and give then the opportunity to help me that whats the point of a discussion board. Do away with the discussion board or change the way the honor code is written. Yes I agree with Honor and doing your own work but come on. Help and tutoring is a valuable part of education and necessary to learning! Please make the necessary changes to better Coursera and make it a more positive educational experience. I mean please I am trying the best I can with what I have got and no one seems to want to help me learn and improve on my skills and my understanding. Make changes and make them now.Another reason I hate this course Is that Coursera does not believe in people helping one another. Then the mentors cant even explain how to work through the problem. The menotrs make things more stressful than they need to be because the dont give help or hints or clues. People need to talk to people on the phone or in person or the instructor needs to give better examples so people can better figure things out on their own. I just think Coursera is crap and this has been a very unpleaseant experience for me. Then on the discussing board i see others struggling with the same things and the mentos dont help them. People are pleading for help and not receiving any guidance or direction to help them figure things out. Things need to change with this program. They need to change soon!
If I were to compare the quality of this class to something I would say that this class is like a Chess class that spends 30 minutes explaining how pawns work and then asks you to move Knight to C3. "Wait, what piece is the Knight? How does the Knight move again? What's C3? Help!"  That's basically what you will get out of this course.This class is not a good choice for someone starting from the ground up. It's no so much that it doesn't cover entry-level concepts, rather it fails to elaborate on these concepts. The feedback from the quizzes doesn't point you in the direction where you can learn from your mistakes.Likewise the assignments are often two steps ahead of the video, meaning that when error messages pop up in the auto-grader there is no way to figure out where you can learn what you did wrong. the videos will cover steps a, b, and c but the assignments expect you to know steps d, e, and f. This leaves students to discuss the answers in the forums or on other sites which I understand is frowned upon. However for "green as grass" students this is the only way to get anything done. And when students try to explain how the code actually works to each other their threads get locked down, only cryptic and vague responses to issues will remain.  That is abysmal.When I seem to get more help from other students in the comments than from the moderators in the forum, that is an issue. And lets talk about the moderator, there is only one. One for how many students? One for how many questions? Even if there was just 5 more people answering in the forums it would greatly improve the quality of this class. And those moderators should do more than just refer students back to the book which often provides insufficient information to tackle a problem. This class needs to be reviewed extensively.  I wouldn't recommend this course to anyone fresh that wants to try to learn code.
i feel this isn't a course for beginners it should be for intermediates as i found the exercises very hard and moreover the instructor teaches basic stuff and the graded assignments are tough before some assignments he doesn't even discusses those type of problems. All i'm saying is anybody taking this course as a beginner without any prior knowledge in programming ,he/she would be discouraged.
Very simple, very slow. For someone with programming experience it is a drug, for someone new to programing (I am thinking my son) not very captivating.
Too easy of a course, completed in a day without much effort... And didn't really get as much out of it as I thought I would.
It does not worth a penny to spend time in this course.
Time wasting & rubish
This is most definitely NOT for "Everybody."  The lectures by Severance are great; but, if you get stuck on an assignment, don't expect straightforward, polite direction from the forum and it's TAs.  I was shocked by how negative some of the responses were that I received from the TA.  I got stuck on a problem.  When I ran the program on my Mac, I got the desired result.  When I ran the same program on the automatic grader, the program failed.  The TA said that I must have run the wrong program on my Mac.  No, I did not.  I ran the program so many times, I know that I wasn't running the wrong program.  I needed help "getting over a hump" and there was no help.  As a busy professional, I don't have the life of a full-time student filled with numerous hours to try to figure out where I'm making a mistake.  I need direct communication telling me where why my program is failing and why, so I can learn and move on.  That was NOT provided in this class.  "Clues" were given in the forum, but I don't have time to play games with snarky TAs.  I'll find a course that IS for everyone, but this one is NOT it.
This coursera team has given me a night mare today. The course is superb and the tutor is also very good. But the thing is regarding their prices. I purchased this entire course(5 courses) for 49$ initially. But later I thought of applying for the financial aid for the entire course. I applied and waited for 15 days to receive the status. After 15 days the financial aid is approved. After completing the first course in this 5 course part it is asking me to purchase another course for 79$. Team please remember one thing any one would apply for financial aid to seek help from you.  Not to keep burden. I cannot apply for the financial aid again as I was in my last semester and I want to complete the course asap. Now I was in total confusion and they totally betrayed me. So the next four courses would cost me 79*4=316$ and my first price for all the 5 subcourses is 49$. Just compare yourself. This is totally unacceptable.
This course is absolutely pathetic. The instructor is condescending and there is very little that you can learn from this course. The course is structured poorly. Short videos that have very little connection with the actual course material are thrown around the course structure. There is no continuity because of these videos. This is definitely not good quality material on python for beginners. Do not be deceived by the high rating of the course. You will be disappointed.
Very brief and inadequate for a $50 investment.I am very disappointed that the course was, surprisingly and unexpectedly cut off in the middle of the already too short beginning course. Even more cash required to continue. Compared to online free resources available, definitely not worth the investment.  I wish I had my money back to put to better use.I am surprised even further by all the online positive reviews that encouraged me to start with Coursera.Mark London
While the lectures were a little slow about providing information, they were entertaining.But I feel very mislead about the costs. The lecturer repeated over and over how everything is free but, in the end, only the first course in the series is free. Then you must pay a monthly fee in order to go on. I would not have continued with the first course if I'd known that was all there was going to be.
I decided not to pay for this course.  They make it almost impossible to cancel.  After thoroughly searching and searching on how to cancel I finally was able to.  A few days later they charged my card anyway.  Of course they say no refunds, but I tried to call and complain anyhow.  Well, I couldn't find anyone to call or even email.  I feel like this is all a scam.  Not cool.
Pacing is terrible, too much bloat content, and concepts are not explained in an accurate or useful way. For example, the professor talks about "talking to Python." This metaphor doesn't make sense and doesn't convey how programming actually works. It is frustrating that something as elegant as programming is taught in such a sloppy and condescending way.
I must not learn well by video or align with the teaching methods. I really had to work through my own understanding and application of Python that I think we kept at a very general brush. I wanted to learn to learn Python for my work in baseball and statistics but it didn't meet the standard.
Too much 'noise' in the teaching videos. Number of words could be at least 5 times less with the same learning content.This type of videos makes it really hard to follow a course since it teaches you not to give attention, since 80% of the videos is noise.Needs a lot of cleanup.
This course is way too slow  and boring. I am disappointed I have paid so much for so few content here. Why a full specialisation cycle when one or two courses would probably have been more than enough ? Too much distraction as well, with "funny" videos that I had to pay for...
The class is very very basic for the offered price. Not suitable for someone from Computer science background looking to learn Python as this can be done with couple of hours of self study. Not sure why Coursera would make such begginers class mandatory for the specialization.
Videos. Lots of videos. It's essentially like watching a YouTube montage, but far less entertaining or informative. No hands-on exercises, with very simple assignments and tests. (Although tests and assignments shouldn't be difficult at this level).
If you plan to purchase this course, enjoy, but the course isn't really free.You can watch the lectures, but you must pay to unlock the python playground. There's no real point to the course if you can't test your knowledge.
The teaching is very bad. It is a basic manners not drink coffee/tea while teaching on the video. Also the explanations are very general and doesn't feel like programming class but feels like some fish market.
Pretty bad as far as I am conerned. I spent two days clicking back and forth and listening to a lot of talk that taught me nothing. Sorry about that, but there are better courses on the Internet than this one.
Trivial course.  This 7-week course can be easily completed in an hour.  I learned nothing from this course that I did not already know about python.  This course is strictly for beginners.
Here in the certificate  written "an online non-credit course authorized by University of Michigan and offered through
Coursera"so there is no credit  then ,it is not benefit to me
I got really bored with the class. In the beginning, my goal was to write a computer code but the first week was only about the business side. Maybe I'm more hands on.
Suddenly thrust into Windows command lines. Incomprehensible. The course advertisement stated that no prior experience is necessary -- not so! Enormous waste of time.
I singed up for this suppossed free course and now I got charged 44 euros. I do not want this and I deamand a refund. I'had already cancell all my subscriptions.
Only for those who are new to everything involving computers. If you know how to turn your own computer off and on, look for a more advanced course than this.
I did like this course however it is very very basic. I think it should have been merged with course 2 as the course contents are as good as one week work.
It is not that much useful, because there is no that much content to implement new things.So change that immediately otherwise it is waste of money.
The title of this class should have read "Programming for Anybody that already knew a decent amount about basic Programming(Continuing with Python)"
Course did not meet my expectations. I would not have paid the $80 for it knowing what I know now. I also found the lectures to be not very helpful.
After week 4, it says upgrade to submit but I have financial aid for this course and it still says upgrade to submit for the assignment.
Great introduction and the instructor is very charismatic, but the material wasn't sufficiently taught for completing exercises.
Not clear enough to be introductory. There are better and free videos on YouTube. Not at the level I was expecting for the "M".
Its very bad for me that it is a non credit course shown after i have completed this and i have got certifiate of nkn credit
Escuse me , I  done a mistake,I kindly request you to unenroll me from this course.                   Thanking you
This is not a start, at the end of the course, you still can't use python. And even the tools don't work properly.
Bad, no interaction. I'm billed without ordering. No way to contact CourserA !Bad, bad bad ... this never again.
the course covered very little topics of python (20%). Giving 7 weeks is a waste of time to learn basic things.
i had technical problems with both coursers's online system and also with the 3rd party online coding tool
The teacher approaches the students like a naive pal. Completely unprofessional and noneducational .
I don't get my certificate till now this is very disappointing please provide me my certificate
Auto Grader is very bad. Keeps giving indentation error. Lots of time wasted due to that.
the name on my certificate is not correct then what is use of learning this entire shit!
Poor feedback and advice with those who really do not know of programming. To shame!
Not user friendly and the presentatation is very difficult including the navigation
Course is not good and interactive course instructor will not respond any queries
Better off using Udemy, more organized, cheaper and better instructors that way.
Hate this class, I wasted 200 bucks on this crap and now I am stuck taking it...
Horrible TAs. They should all be changed. They are extremely rude and annoying.
There is too much time spent on stuff that isn't programming.  It's maddening.
I had not recieved certificate of my name although profile is of my name
Its very basic and u can find 100% of the stuff on YouTube for free
dar raddhi course hai mere bhai .kuch toh pda 7 week ka course
Verification process  is  big issue for getting certificate
I had cancelled this subscription but still I got charged.
homework is badly designed. it covers too little materials
My name was incorrect   so pls do correct kunar to  kumar
I am not learning much just learning about the professor
last assignment was tricky and was not able to answer
Signed up accidentally. I want to unenroll but can't
confusing- never really got off the ground with it.
Very slow class, a lot of repetitions in the videos
Too simple. Uses the same example over and again.
Didn't learn anything new. Too much of chit chat.
the pattern is very very bad. i hate coursera.
did my force of some katavaru,mutal in tamil
Lectures are poorly prepared and unfocused
hard to understand and complete the quiz.
Please provide an option to unsubscribe.
Teaching staff unhelpful and not polite.
very basic course even for beginners
explanation is less about the topics
Please increase the depth of course
There are no subtitles in Russian.
I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
uses and ancient version of python
Thr podcasts doesnt not work .
too long for few information
make the other courses free
worst quiz structures ever
Unnecessary lengthy course
Is there a way to cancel?
Still canny program. 0/10
where is my certificate?
cheating with charges
it is a good lecture
Quite stupid, sorry.
not worth your time
kind of okay but...
Not recommended
Nothing help me
too slowboring
Way to easy
Too Basic!
too simple
Very slow.
thank you
Too easy.
horrible
Very slow pace, might be good for totally beginners BUT if you know anything about CS or programming it will be too slow for you.
The course material is fine. In fact its good. However I completed the entire course in 4 hours. Whilst I have some basic programming experience I am by no means an expert. There really is very very little material in this course. The assignments are also very simple and automatically graded. The course fees are not particularly transparent. I think the course is FAR too expensive for the content provided. All of the other reviews I have seen for this course are a single line such as 'I liked the course a lot' or something equally vacuous and unhelpful. If you are a beginner I would suggest trying 'Python for the absolute beginner' by Michael Dawson. If you have ANY programming experience, you might be better with a more advanced course.
The teacher is likeable and the introductory videos really hooked me on the course. However, as a complete beginner, I was very put off by the way that the graded assignments had very little link to the content 'taught' in lectures. In fact, the lectures seem to ramble from one thing to another rather than having the teacher sit down and give step-by-step examples on how to code. Therefore, most of what I learnt was through the textbook that is provided for free anyway, so I may as well have taught a lot of it to myself. After the first few lectures, I stopped feeling as though I was being treated as a beginner, even though this is supposed to be 'Programming for Everybody'. Honestly, a bit of a let down.
This course is a first time programming class using Python. This is not what I was looking for. I wanted an introduction to Python for someone who knows a some programming already. Also, this teaches Python 2, which no longer cuts it, especially for an intro class where you'll be taking further work. It may have made sense when this class was done 3 years ago. It does not now. The teacher was very lively and engaging, and I would enthusiastically recommend taking an online class with him, but the class is out of date and not what I was looking for.
I work in lesson design and blended learning teacher training. I train teachers how to combine effective teaching practices with technology in K-8 classrooms. There is lots of room for improvement in this course. I would not recommend it to someone with no experience. I have no experience in coding, and did well in this course because I went to other sources to answer my questions and fill the knowledge gaps in this course. Though the instructor was great. He seems very passionate.From a teaching/pedagogy standpoint the scope and sequence was poor. It went from extremely broad (defining computer parts) to hyper specific (defining variables in python) really quick. There was no information between on the practical pieces of what python is, what it looks like on our computer, and how we interact with it.It feels like multiple people got together to build the course, but after it was finished they never came back to say “Here’s where we didn’t communicate, let’s edit these things.”There is a HUGE disconnect between writing python programs and running them vs. running the actual python platform and typing commands line by line. The most frustrating thing was that every example in the course was given as a line of code in the python platform with the chevron prompt, and every single assignment was about writing a program in the text editor and the running the program. I didn’t realize these were two completely different things until about week 6. PLEASE ADDRESS THIS. Make it clear for future students that this is a thing. Go over how to use both, and the benefits and drawbacks of each. Make it clear that your examples are taking place in the command line python platform, but our homework is writing programs and saving and running them. I didn’t understand the use of the ‘type’ function until I realized this discrepancy. This was so confusing.Some of the quiz questions were very specific questions that were mentioned for about a second or never explicitly made clear. Some of the ideas that were emphasized or mentioned multiple times in the same lecture video (seemed important) were never asked on the quiz. I can give examples of both. I learned some stuff, but overall I would not recommend this course without pointing to the discrepancies. I would say there are multiple obvious areas for improvement and multiple gaps in knowledge that I filled from other sources. I could give more specific examples, but I feel like I already wrote quite a bit.
To be honest, I thought the course stumbled and fell short. It was far too basic and slow paced. Considering how little is taught, even for a beginner's course in Python, it could hardly be described as college-level material.The tone was a bit immature at times, and perhaps appropriate for a grade school level classroom--not something for college students or working professionals. Even if the goal were to teach those having absolutely no programming experience, the course could accomplish that while providing more content by doing the following: keep up the pace of the lectures, give better (more relevant) coding examples, and remove the portions of the lectures that are irrelevant to the course objectives.Is the course worth the price? Hell no. If you do pay, you may feel very cheated at the end. The entire course can be reduced to 3 pages of notes. One would be better off checking into other free, online tutorials.I'm not sure about the value of all of the videos titled "Office Hours." They look like nothing more than self-promotional behavior from the professor, as if to say, "hey look how great I am making this irrelevant two-minute video in Paris." They're really nothing more than that.In one video, Severance corners a guest speaker at a conference, who appears annoyed after a few minutes and gives a polite brush-off: "other people here would like to speak with me too." It's obvious that Severance didn't set up the interview beforehand or warn the other person that he was going to be videotaped. Things like that make the professor look naive, unprepared, and unprofessional. After all of these videos, you will ask yourself, "okay, why did Severance make me watch that?" "What was the point?" And you'll shrug your shoulders and say, "gee, thanks for wasting my time … again."
Not the greatest Python course in the world. Teaching seems unprofessional and disorganized, technical issues are common, and the discussion forums do not offer much value, as you cannot discuss your code with your peers, and the forum staff are more than often unhelpful. The exercises are unoriginal and do not require much creative thinking - often it's enough to copy & paste code from the lectures and change a few variables around! You're better of looking for other Python beginner courses on the Coursera platform, as well as on other platforms. The only thing I liked about the course were the interviews with people behind Python, but otherwise the course does not facilitate deeper learning and is not engaging.
Extremely basic. I wouldn't even call this a full course. It's about half of an introductory course. I assume the pacing is to allow for people that may have difficulty with learning the language. I'm not certain that it has the depth necessary for those that may have difficulty though. If you are at all serious about learning to program, don't limit yourself to this course, or it's pacing. I would suggest researching every subject covered, to get a bit more depth, and moving through it at a brisk pace. If you take the pace suggested in the course, you're likely to have bought a new computer before you can program anything extremely useful.
Too much of unwanted explanation and unnecessary jokes. The course could've been shorter. The initial two weeks were an absolute waste of time. I wanted to learn Python programming, not CPU, ALU, and their functions. Experiences and interviews could've been set to be optional. For a suggestion, there's a 4-hr long video by Free Code Camp on youtube, with no ads. You could learn from that and chop off some unwanted stuff from this course. I gave 2 stars and not one cuz the activities were good which made me feel confident about my programming skills. Thank you :) Hope you take my feedback seriously and implement the changes suggested. :)
All the lectures are not clearly explained and a fresh person cannot understand few things and even in the assignments not mentioned properly what has to be done and if not how to solve them and how can you imagine the learner knows all the terms related to web or the particular language..? you need to explain the new terms which you use in the lectures and the lectures should be elaborate and should stress more on the basic things like abcdefg here you need to explain a in detail b in detail c in detail so on then after in the next lectures you can move fastly.Not satisfied.
Well suited for those who have never programmed and have never used Python. The lessons go over the hardware and software of a computer to focus a little bit more on the first steps in Python on week 6 and 7 but for those who would like to get to the point and learn Python It's too long and slow (I had to speed up the videos) and by the end, you only know a little bit about the basics that you could've learned in 15 minutes online especially for those who already know loops conditions and functions in other programming languages.
As an experienced programmer, I am unimpressed.  The assignments cover a good set of tools; conditional execution, looping, "hello world".  But, variables and files are poorly named.  Comments are lacking.  Overall, the presentation looks rushed and unpolished.  Code looks like it was hobbled together until it worked and never edited for clarity.  If someone I cared about wanted examples of good programming, I would tell them to avoid this.
Sense of humour is off-putting. Tone is unnecessarily childish ("Python is yelling at you"). Key ideas are unmotivated (just trust me, functions are useful!). Includes line of code impossible to understand in earlier videos  (e.g. loops appear in earlier weeks). Office hours just seem like professor showing off all the places he goes to.  I enjoyed the interviews with people discussing their work or history.
Unfortunately, even so I liked the instructor (my plan was to complete all five courses of Programming for Everybody, becuase 3 last courses seemed interesting to me) and I am sure that he can teach many useful stuff, I found the course messy in its structure and slow in pace even for beginners and I wouldn't recommend someone it, because feel that I would be confused if it was my first programming course.
It is good for a non programmer to start from here and move in the world of computers. But if you are a computer engineer or have any basic knowledge of python, i will strongly suggest to not opt for this course. because it is very basic and not very useful for someone who already has basic knowledge in python. Consider taking the advance level courses in this domain.
Its too easy. The exercises and quizzes are too simple to solve. Once can easily read 4-5 chapters from book in a single day and can complete this course. I feel that the duration (5weeks) for this course is way too long. The concepts discussed could have been easily understood in 3 weeks (at max). Also, I think the fees is high for such trivial concepts.
Not a bad course, but not rigorous for someone really looking to learn Python. Suddenly jumping into try/except concepts is weirdly out of place, quizzes are dumb and don't really test knowledge, and only one simple coding example per week is far too limited. Strongly recommend GTx's Computing in Python (I-IV) for people that really want to learn.
The course content is very good as well as the tutor. But I faced issues in completing the course. It was full of errors:- showing 100% of the course is complete and do other things to complete the course. Then the assignment 5.2 got bugged even after I completed and submitted it once it continued to show 'Try again'.
Course material is excellent. I've noticed a huge issue with this specific course, is the amount of Teacher Assistants and Teachers that help are very little. Reading in the forums the only place to get assistance people are left with no help this is very frustrating and a waste of peoples time.
I did not find this course to be beginner friendly. As another commenter said, the assignment required more information than was taught. I referred to both the videos and books and still did not know how to do the assignments. However, I will say the instructor made the lessons interesting.
very basic python programming, and the 3rd party tool used to submit assignments was trivial and annoying. The makers of this course should have found it important the dive deeper into python, and should have wasted less time in basic concepts even for a beginner programmer.
The course is kinda good but the professor teaching has made very long videos which are unnecessary. He talks a lot which is really not essential. The tests and assignments are good. But the long videos and unnecessary talking is disappointing!!!
Sorry, the professor has a genial & cheerful personality, but the program material is just too basic, and it takes forever to wade through it all. I will enrol in more advanced courses. My mistake, not yours, thanks for the opportunity.
Its good for in terms of theoretical  knowledge but if u wanna  have practical i'll suggest for finding some where else instead of these all though he is the founder of python but he is not upto the mark in terms of teaching
The content of the 7 weeks can easily be covered in 1 or 2 days. This should be the content of at most 2 weeks. Also, this is a pretty basic course and good for those to gain confidence who have never done coding before.
I guess, this course is really for people who want to learn programming. The python is sort of incidental. If you already know programming in other languages but want to learn python, then this course is a huge yawn.
It was informed that the course was for "mixed" levels and i actually consider that it is fitted for beginners. It's my opinion that some videos take too long to go to the point even for someone new on the matter.
Useless Quiz and not enough Challenge Coding  Datacamp or codeacademy do a better jobOnly for absolute beginners(Others please try something else, you will waste your time learning nothing)
make assignments bit challengingand description of assignments was extremely ridiculous, no constraints on input and output and no test cases and even I didn't like code playground
This course hasn't been upgraded to Python 3. I've been following along using Python 3 code myself, but it's 2017, and Python 2 reaches End of Life in 3 years at 2020.
Far too easy and too expensive. I did this "seven week" course in about 2 hours.  I can get much more thorough instruction from Code Academy for free or low cost.
I've started this course after getting stucked on Interactive Python Programming Part 2 by Rice University and it super basic, I except more from the next course
It was too easy and very basic. Not challenging enough. but maybe I wasn't the right student for the class. The lectures are too slow and repetitive too.
It is too basic. Boring if you have ever programmed before. I would enclose the full content of this course into a week as part of the second course.
there's no way to get assistance if you're stuck on one of the exercises additionally there are no explanations for the multiple choice questions
Video lectures are good but there are no solutions plus practicing is very less thats why not able to do assignments without help.
Not that good if you have experience with other programming languages.It's waste of time and money, you should take it as audit.
It is very well designed for total beginner of programming. But if you learned any language already, it is too too too easy.
whileIunderstandthiswas an introductory course, the after house vidoe and interviews I really thought were not relivant.
Just an intorduction. Videos are long content is less. The videos must be precise and should contain useful content
The teaching could be a bit smarter. And the videos could be shorter and more accurate to avoid wasting our time.
For one who have info about programming some videos will be a little trivial. However good job keep the good work
A bit too slow on progressing to actual code examples for my taste…Well, then again it does say 'for everybody'…
I knew R and was looking for an intro to Python. If you already know some programming this class is too basic.
Material is very basic for anyone with even the smallest amount of programming experience. Very slow pace
This course is for ABSOLUTE BEGINNERS. It is not challenging and I passed it within two hours...
Too easy, even though I understand it's the first course of the series. But, great professor!
repeat the same thing way to many time. other then than i would say it is a 4 star.
Course content is not upto the mark.the level of this course is very much limited.
It have very less intent, it would be great if more topics added to this course.
The videos ramble too much which makes it hard to really dig into the material.
bad and tricky examples. It is less than a day's work even for a beginner
Very good  Programming skill in this.i learning much more things in that.
very easy... it is about 3 hour course and you are taking 7 weeks for it
very basic and the lecturer takes far too long explaining basic concepts
Videos were informative for newbies, but they were hardly professional.
Very basic course structure should have more materials and more topics
too basic, not a lot of info for 7 weeks. Lots of irrelevant material
the guy spends a lot of words to say simple things. sometimes boring.
i am already aware of the things taught.......not helpful at all
Too easy and full of straw (meaning thing not needed)
It's too difficult for a beginner course !!
all this course justified one class at top.
Extremely Easy but Professor is brilliant.
I see lot of unwanted other than python
I think that this course was too basic.
this course is suitable for beginning
Thanks to everyone in the coursera
Too expensive to be that simple.
not as per expectation
too easy for cs major.
The pace is two slow.
Not well organized.
too easy too slow
Extremely basic
very essential
Not That Good
to slow paced
very basic
very easy
Too easy
basic.
The course states it is meant to be for everybody but the frequent mention of error messages and how they are not meant to judge the student makes me thing it is meant for teenagers or a generally young audience. Some concepts are introduced very quickly and without the proper background. The exercises are mostly on the easy side and they do not build on each other (example: functions are introduced in a class but not used in the following exercises). This ends giving the impression that the course is not well structured and does not try to make the student find synergies between concepts.While this can work somehow for most of the course, the last week sees the introduction of some very advanced concepts (None and IS) which are just barely touched, leaving the student to have to search for information outside of the course. This is made worse by the overtly restrictive requirements of the assignments that use the autograder. The autograder does not let you explore potential pitfalls in your code, which are much better clarified by using the debugger (not introduced) or the python online visualizer (not introduced). I strongly advise to introduce one of these two tools in the course.
NB: I audited this course so did not get feedback on assignments. If you are a true beginner, and have no programming or computer experience whatsoever this course is for you. Dr. Severance explains the concepts VERY well using great metaphors and he's quite engaging. However, he takes an incredibly long time to do this and uses many many words and there are many mostly irrelevant videos. If you have any coding experience at all, you might find it better to download python and the free book (which is written in the same engaging style using the same conceptual metaphors) and go at your own pace. The book is really really fabulous and you don't have to listen to the lectures at 1.5 speed waiting for something useful.
Although the course pace was very well suited for a total beginner, I found the didactics of this course not so well-structured. The examples and starter codes caused quite some confusion, and the underlying coding principles were not made very explicit. I've finished an introductory Python course from the University of Toronto, and found that course much better structured. It gave me a level of understanding that I would probably not have reached by following the UMich course alone.
Videos are rambling at points. Also, the code assignments are 1 and done per week. This means they don't nicely build upon one another and that they can be pretty unforgiving if you aren't ready to spit out the culmination of the week's lecturers in 1 go. The course would be better with more focused lecturers and multiple short code assignments that build on one another.
I feel that course should be split out for people with programming background and the first time Python programmers versus the first time programmers. There was too much repetition in some of the classes around basics of programming than python. Thanks!
If you have taken a C++ course in your life, it will take a 4-5 hors to finish this class. More exercises would compensate the low path of the course.
All of the review I've read were that the course was great, so maybe it is me that was the problem.  However, as I would go through the written material, I would try to work the problems given as examples, and when they did not work, I was confused and wondered why the example given to teach us would not work.  I asked for help a number of times, providing screen shots of the results I got trying to duplicate what the example was supposed to show, and page numbers of where the example was presented in the course materials.  One former student basically said that I should not be trying to duplicate the examples, but just accept the concept they were trying to show.  Another did a good job of explaining one of my questions, but then all replies to my question ceased.  I decide to drop out of the class and try teaching myself, as I have done on everything I have learned about computers since my 1st computer in 1983.  I have been very impressed with other courses given by Coursera members, but this one was not one of them.  All of the other submissions praise the course, so maybe it is just me, but none of the other submissions mentioned any actual things the course had done - just that it was great.
This was the second Coursera Course I took.  Compare to me first one, this one was great.  It was much easier to get through.  I finished it in about a weekend.Given that, that's what I believe was its drawback for me, also.  Now, I will say, what I may have been seeking, or my expectations, I may get in my next Python course.  But, I simply felt the level of difficulty or rigor of the entire course could have been increased a step or two.  As in, have more HW programs to do, or longer HW programs to do.I do believe Dr. Chuck did a good job.  I do believe he held us back a bit, especially in the first couple of weeks.  But, he did a great job at preparing us for the HW problems.  His instruction was very pertinent to the HW.There were also 1-2 extra videos at the end of each chapter, which was a good break.  They weren't "computer instruction" nor problems to do.  They were there more for "computer entertainment" but definitely was pertinent to the course.  We probably didn't need them, or could have used shorter ones.In short, would I take another course from Dr. Chuck and from his group at Michigan?  Most definitely.
There were some great things about the course--the online book, the interesting and engaging lectures. But what was enormously frustrating is the last exercise. It didn't take me 1 hour, as suggested, instead took me 2 weeks. The TA/mentors were helpful about giving hints and answering questions promptly, but the hints were often vague at best , very opaque for someone without a programming background. They might refer you to a particular video or part of the chapter, but explain you can't do it the way it was done in the exercise. Hmm. Glad I did this course, but wish Dr. Chuck was available for actual office hours, or that there was a possibility for talking to someone.
Content: For me I would expect more accumulated knowledge, as I finished it in about 3-4 days per 3-4 hours a day, only due I was distracted. I think this content is possible to understand in one evening just skipping bonus videos and parts when Author loops for every possible loop of code . Maybe more exercises, even optional, with reading files, accessing to database, using libraries and objects. This consumed only 35% of my expectation for basic course.Author: This how videos should be presented. I like this style very much. I think, that even very beginners can understand this course.
Had a very tough time connecting the lectures to the assignments.  I found the hints to be more distracting than helpful.  Be sure you go through the course (the first two are free) before paying for it.  I had things beyond my control that got me behind a few weeks, so I'll likely quit at the end of this session, do some more of my own study and perhaps try again.  Perhaps others would find a few more intermediate assignments would be helpful?  Good job overall though, I am more than happy to spend my money on this rather than TV.
The instructor didn't mention that the double or single quotes mean the same thing.  In addition,  I don't believe that the number of spaces in a line of code doesn't matter.  This was very confusiing.  Another confusing port of the course is that the instructor used sample programs that didn't make a lot of sense to a beginnier - for example, he showed a program that counted the max and  min number of words in a bunch of text.   We didn't understand the program - he should have used an easier program to make his point.
There is some good material but the presentation seems a bit uneven; some parts are repeated many times at very slow speed while other parts, equally important, barely rate a word. The quizzes can be very searching and you really need to have paid close attention to every word (however quickly or slowly it passed by).I would have liked more practical exercises. The accompanying book is good and I am still looking forward to the other courses in the sequence which move further away from my limited knowledge of Python.
This course is a very basic introduction to Python.  I have coded in other languages and found myself skipping the lectures and just reading the book and working the exercises.  If I needed additional information I would use a certain YouTube resource (thanks Bucky) because his lectures are so much more useful.  Also, I'm not really sure why I can't start the next course and have to wait until the start date more than a week from now.  I can't seem to think of  a good reason for this.
I like the sense of Humor of Dr. Charles. His teaches like someone of our age, like a friend, I appreciate that. The course will not be a burden on anyone. It's easy to follow along.The concepts taught are not taught in a structured way (although the way they are taught is good). My advice to the staff is that Structure all the similar things and explain them at one place. Some important and helpful things are left out.Overall, it's a good course for beginners.
I really struggled at the end, as the course seems to think that showing complete examples of code is somehow "cheating." I understand that I am expected to put the information together on my own, but the last chapter concentrated heavily on lists and loops, but the assignment only gently referenced them.  This is not how I learn.  Observation and repetition, not "I already showed you once." This is supposed to be for everybody, including noobs like me.
This is a course that would be helpful to complete programming novices. Any prior knowledge of programming is likely to render it useless to the student. That being said, a programming newbie should have no problem following it.The professor speaks slower than necessary. 1.75x or 2x speeds make the pace more manageable and is still easy to follow.In addition, it uses an old version of Python, which tends to make the exercises slightly annoying.
The course is well structured overall and covers the theory in a very detailed and comprehensible way. The one major flaw is that the practical exercises go too far beyond what is presented in the lectures. Looking at the forums, a significant amount of people seem to struggle with this. If more information was presented in the videos about what is expected in the assignments, that would make the course much more palatable.
As of now it has been a cool.Anyone can learn it very easily. Although it is nice course to learn python programming but i think organizer should minimal the course duration to complete it.Apart from that overall concept of take the course is very logical and easy to learn yourself.And My recommendation if possible to add some more assignment so , that practice would be more perfect .As we know practice makes you perfect.
The tutor is apparently very well educated and knows what he's doing, yet, it takes him more than it should to deliver a basic info. I know he's trying to deliver the piece of info to all levels of intelligence, but I think he should've focused on the main idea itself instead of sliding into side talks. Otherwise, the course is really good for beginners and I do appreciate the team's effort. Thank you so much. :)
The assignments are nice but not enough. People learning need tons of repetition to nail down basic skills. Rather than a single assignment at the end of the chapter, multiple smaller coding assignments/exercises would be more useful. I found that the quizzes were not that useful and that short coding practice to get repetition would be more useful. Overall a good course though. Lectures are easy to follow.
I wanted to get some basics of Python, but was rather disappointed by this course. It is incredibly slow, I really don't understand who might need a whole lecture to get the concept of functions or so. Probably, this course could work for children with low level of math and zero programming experience, but otherwise it is waste of your time. I added the third star just for the book which is good on its own.
It might be good for a person who has never turned on a computer before otherwise it is too slow and lots of repeated information. I just went through the assignments directly and complete the course in 2 hours. Even the first few videos I watched, I watched them with 2x speed. By the way, nothing personal to the professor who is a very nice person and provide you with all his teaching materials for free
The exercise questions seem hard to understand and if you could include more exercise problems would be very helpful for those who are unknown to programming and have taken up this course as it is known as the beginner's course. The concepts were explained very precisely and accurately just if you could have some more programming problems with solved videos after that it would be great. Thank you!
very fundamental, but the instructor is tiresomely talkative...for example, when he talked about examples, he compared each two numbers again and again, what I want to is the logic to find the max/min number, not 49 is larger than 9!!!everyone knows it !! he compared every number every time ....it is boring!!! I will not choose this course if there are other python courses open at this time!!
In general, it's very good!1) The interview and other stuff in the bonus video should renamed as optional or other names. It's misleading people to think bonus as materials related for the class. 2) As the name is programming for everybody,  will be better if some of the explanations or slides can be linked with daily life cases for people to understand the concept easily.
Not enough material though for a full course. This whole course can be done in few hours by people with some experience in programming. Unfortunately this does not provide enough possibilities/assignments to deeply relate to the language and really feel comfortable in it (not even at the beginners level as is the aim of the course). Nice slow introduction though.
A good course. Concepts explained in a lucid form, and anyone with zero programming experience would still have no trouble in understanding the concepts. But me personally, found the pace a little too slow - and even after the whole course, the maximum we could reach was loops and iterations. Hope to do some real progress in the rest ones. Thanks Sir Severance!
I rate this course as a three out of five because I feel that during the 'worked exercise videos' it would be much more helpful if only the correct code was shown. It's very confusing to see the wrong code typed in and then the correct code. I think it would help students to more easily remember the function of code if  only the right code is shown in examples.
It is quite a little bit easy for me. Although it is an introduction class for beginners, I think it's better to give us more insights and more meaningful contents in the class. Sometimes, the professor talked too much about obvious topics. And of course, I like his humor. I just think that if there are more thing embeded in the class, that would be better.
I'm sure this is a fantastic introduction for those with no prior programming experience, but as someone with even just a little bit of prior scripting experience, I found it extremely slow-paced. Rather than suffer through the lectures, I did DataCamp's Intro. to Python and then did all the quizzes & assignments for this class as extra practice.
This is strictly for beginners. If you have had little hands on experience in Python, you may not find it that useful, though it's good to rehearse a bit. Also this course was on Python 2, so try to identify the differences between 2 and 3. One concern is that Python installation steps are covered in every week's classes which is redundant one.
3 star because Dr Chuck have covered everything that is necessary to know the theory about the python, but to learn this language more deeply  we should add more problems relating to programming this will give us a environment of more competitive coding helping in developing our skills many-folds.2 stars just to have more problems.
It was a little short and the quizzes and short assignments are too easy, so they do not really cement your knowledge of the programming concepts. I believe beginners should enroll in another Python course or self-study more on the side to fully grasp the concepts. Nevertheless, it was a good introduction to Python.
The last assignment did not work at all. There were random errors occuring, which sometimes could be solved by retyping everything, but sometimes e.g. using "try:" was given as a "bad input" error. Often elif was said to be wrongly indented, although it was not. Spent two hours trying to fix it, then gave up.
Everything seems good until the last week. The assignment was not easy. I got stuck for almost one week. I tried to contact the mentor via the discussion forum. The mentor was not helpful enough. This is a programming course. How do you expect students to pass this course without giving them enough clues?
The course was very good overall but I would have often preferred for the lectures to be more on point. Some of the lectures contain lengthy introduction and gags,  which I am sure many students like. Personally, though, I would have liked it better if the lectures were more focused on the material.
Dr. Chunck is great but there are subjects that were not covered in the text book or videos like list functions , and as I am new to Python and programming I had to download another book and a 6 hour tutorial to learn, which if it was not available I would probably failed the last assignment.
Got learning Python and finished course early. Videos are a bit long and course length too long. It was also difficult to search sessions to find the specific areas. Next session is so far away that likely to forget what I've learnt. The quizzes and assignments really helped learning.
On the whole it was good but the bonus materials could have been more informative and i did not even use the python and atom application which we were asked  to install at the beggining.it could have been even more informative neglecting all those office hours and all those
Very slow paced. I appreciate that it is bringing me up to speed for the next courses but I found the learning pace to be a bit slow with very simple test assignments. The practical code implementation assignments were great. I found they were an effective way to learn
The course assignments weren't challenging enough for me and lectures were too slow for my liking. But, I do understand that the course is more suited for people without prior experience in programming, so I have nothing to complain about. Good beginner course!
This course was really good and helped me in getting started with python but content could have covered few more topics on try/except and other topics too .Course could better assignments and practise programs. Inshort the course should be more informative.
The final exercise it took a long time to figure out what the autograder would except.. My solution met all the requirements but still was ignored..  I finally came up with a variation that the autograder accepted but it was a long hour of trial and error.
It is a very simple and smooth course for new comers, i think it would be better to have more challenging tasks and more related to a real world, that's why i've put 3 stars. Practise is everything, so good tasks are the essential part of learning process.
The Chinese version substitle is very bad, it even doesn't complete, I hoipe u can fix it! But the content is pretty good especially for the begineers. However, the course is too easy, maybe you can improve the complexity of the assignments and the quizs.
If you don't know anything about Python then this curse for you. But, in this course some basic topic is also missing, but remaining all are vary good. If you are a beginners. i.e. you don't know the basic programming then this course for you. Thank You!
Its a good course for beginners. But Dr Chuck I think the lectures are too elementary for someone who is familiar with programming techniques. I am planning to do the entire series so I hope the program gets more challenging in the next few courses.
There must be more focus on coding ,i do like the course but sometimes its quiet tricky to solve the questions on the basis of video lectures ,so i think this is a negative point ......rest the course is good for every beginner level of programmer.
The content inside this course is well tought through. Questions and asignments holds high quality.If you haven't been in contact with Python before, this might be the first step for you, and when I say first step, then I really mean first step.
Hi My name is Kapil Raj and i am from India. This is the first course i have done from Coursera. Its an awesome course. Its a great course for someone who have just wanted to learn programming or have a little prior knowledge in programming.
The course is too simplistic in my opinion.  The entire 7 week course should be condensed into the first week - a single one hour lesson.  Still, I appreciate the time and effort of the course staff and thank them for providing the course.
I really like the main information I got with this course, but I think that it was too basic. I never learned any programming language before this course, but sometimes I felt that the teacher was going too slow on explaining somethings.
I am missing a little accompaniment by the instructor from the tasks to be carried out since I have to get sources from outside the program to solve them in the correct way. I hope that all this improves in the other courses. Thank you.
This course deals with very basic stuff. Ideally, it will be useful with people with no prior programming background experience. Apart from getting syntax, it will not be much useful in the course who has prior programming experience.
Course is definitely intended for a total novice and doesn't get too deep in the weeds.  Just a nice introduction to the most fundamental aspects of programming with Python for people with no previous coding background.
It was really detailed I liked it. I won't really recommend it for people who have experience in programming, because the material is very rudimentary, but I believe it is a perfect course for beginners to start with.
The videos were very clear and helpful in my understanding. The lecturer Charles was very engaging. However the assignments are very difficult, and you will need a lot of perseverence to get through them and pass.
A good course to understand the basics of Python, though there's no difference between the book chapters and the video lectures (lectures are basically readings of the chapters) - I expected more info in general.
With this course Python is explained in an easy way so that every beginner can able to understand and start working using Python.  Some more problems would have include for better hands-on with the launguege .
Very long but easy videos, lots of repeating material. I would not recmmend this course for someone who - like me - needs fast intro to python. However, programming assignments are good and so are the Quizes.
Amazing professor and very entertaining lectures! Only problem was that I wish there were MORE practice assignments. I often found myself completely lost during assignments. Overall good introduction course!
Too basic and too slow for an experienced C programmer, but explained the concepts clearly. Also probably a little formal description of various data types, arrays, strings etc. would have been more helpful.
This course is way tooooooo easy for me. I'm a PhD candidate in statistics.  I think it will be nice if I can have a diagnostic survey to test whether this course is suitable for me or not before the course.
My Teachers of Delhi University Had Already made me capable of cracking this course in a day I am thankful to my teachers and Delhi University and of Michigan University for his excellent guidance and grace
Yes,It' may be good for beginners but although after doing this they may feel time wasted but ,If u have idea ofpython fundamentals  the do only assignment to save your time and also to get a Certificate
I like the professor and his message. But honestly, I felt that the chapters were enough to tackle the problems. I would love to have more graded problems to work through at various levels of difficulty.
Even though I feel the professor was clear in his instruction and explanation of the material, I feel the course could of used practice problems to help true beginners grasp and build upon the material.
The assignment grading is a little bit disappointing since it only consider the user's input and matching the output results rather than grading online using internal inupts. This should be improved.
The course was really good. I would have liked if  it had a lot more explanations discussing about possible cases and what not. The assignments too were really simple to 'test' my knowledge on Python
Needs more content. I don't recommend this course for people who have coding experience cause it is very slow paced and doesn't have intermediate or advanced content and is very very basic and slow.
The course is very good. But I think the course was made for them, who knew some of the other languages. The syntax was not explained properly. I hope that my remarks will be considered.ThankYou
Its good for its purpose, but I felt pretty unprepared for the exercises and things we were asked to program.  I guess it's not really for me even though I feel I'm pretty technologically savvy.
Interesting if you are a beginner in Programming. People with some programming experience would rather avoid that course, except for the Bonus videos interviewing the creator of python language
I liked the course, but I feel like there were not enough exercises so I had to go back and review videos in order to make it stick. It's not the same thing as working exercises or exercises.
The online python version is not working well. It often reports input error without specifying the type of the error. It also randomly reports error and would resolve itself when refreshed.
Helpful course, but there's one issue with it. The assignments in the later weeks can be really confusing and takes hours to complete because not much information given in the videos.
It is a good course for people first time programming on generally. One problem is week 2 because this week never will make completed for you and you lose much time to discover this.
This course is indicated to anyone looking for an overview of Python programming. All Assignments and Quizzes are quite simple problems. To be honest, I expected more of this course.
I like how the course instructor explained everything. It would have been nice,if I got to solve more assignments. I feel this courses lacks exercises which are to be by the student
Sometimes the material was not explained sufficient enough to adequately complete the assignments. I had to use YouTube a couple times to get a better understanding of the material.
The instructor could have explained the topic and focused on important ideas. He made the course look bigger than it really is. All in all, I have learned new things in this course
A bit basic/slow to start with. Covers fundamentals very well, and the textbook is excellent.Some of the slides are hard to read - the white text on fluorescent green particularly!
I believe the course was a great way to start learning about Python. Nonetheless, I felt there is a lack of explanation or follow up after we do the exercises on the PY4E website.
I believe programming need practice. I would prefer to have many many assignments, like 20 on each week, at least.  That's the best way to remember and get speed on simple things.
the course was good, structure was excellent and video lectures superb.Only shortcoming is the lack of assigments and practice material in the form of worked out question videos
Nice introductory course, quite easy though (took me 6 hours to complete the whole course including watching all the videos!)hopefully the next courses will be a bit tougher...
The concept is very good and the material when is going to the point, but there is a lot of extra videos of the professor travelling or interviews that doesn't add much value.
Very basic. Intended for people without any programming knowledge at all. If you have that however, you can cover course's scope in matter of minutes using online materials...
This course is only for those who don't know anything about programming. To get hang of the basics faster, I would recommend the official Python docs. It was just not for me.
this is a very basic course and i am already pursuing my B.E. in computer engineering so i don't need to start from this basic course i will go towards specialization courses
It is wonderful for a beginner who knows nothing about programming. If you know programming of any other languages, you can spend a few hours and quickly finish this course.
overall it was a good experience with this course in learning new things. the slides,videos and other discussion forums were good and instructor presentation was effective.
This is a Basic cource with lot of interactive stuff to engage the non-coders. Dr. Chuck does a good job of explaining the coding concepts to non-coders and never-coders !!
The course is not that much helpful for those who want to do work for coding. I mean the level of toughness of questions is not too good to compete any coding competition.
It's a great way to start learning Python. However, would be amazing to have more details about functions, modules, etc and try more challenges to go a little bit deeper.
the course is very easy anyone with basics in python will complete the course in one hour .Final conclusion "NEED MUCH MORE IMPROVEMENT. NEED TO PROVIDE MORE CONTENT"
A lot of the videos were a bit needlessly long . The quizzes were at times confusing. The last assignment had no worked out video to help you and took me three days.
good course, but you could have added some more lectures on this course for more knowledge on Python. In my view this won't be sufficient to start coding in Python.
It went well in the beginning. However, it got difficult in the end since the lectures didn't match up with the programing assignments in the virtual environment.
Easy and simple for follow. I learn programming for 20 years and can see how they try to break the basic programming elements and let the beginner understand it.
I struggled with some of the instruction as I couldn't get the exercises/quizes to work right; even with multiple views of the videos, posting questions, etc.
This first course in the series is a bit difficult to get through because it is so basic.  However, do not be discouraged, they get a lot more interesting.
I was expecting a more in depth, more rigorous course.  More homework, at the very least.  Also, the first two weeks could have been condensed down to one.
for a completely new learner, syntax must be made familiar first properly and then examples. How to write should shown first and then the logic behind it.
Really a good course for the beginners, in this they will teach from the scratch and make the concepts clear. Thank you for clearing my fundamentals.
A good starting course for python though a bit too basic I believe for someone from programming background and programs were not challenging enough
I didn't like how there was no interaction with the other classmates or there was no easy way to comment, but I loved the way it was so interactive
This course was very helpful and it was easy to understand but it could have been explained in a more detailed manner.Overall,it was satisfactory.
The quiz and programming exercises are too easy & kind of boring for beginners. I hope the author can increase the difficulties in the future
Good overview. Could add more material, explore more data types (lists, dicts), and make quiz and coding assignments a bit more challenging.
Good vibe but way too easy.... even for beginners! I am no beginner but I finished the whole thing in less than an hour.... Not much learned
Built for someone who has never done any programming at all.  Instructor is distracting with random comments and pauses to drink in videos.
this course is for beginners who have little knowledge about coding concepts. Not appropriate for those who have adequate coding knowledge.
Actually I know a bit python and it seems that the course was not that meangingful to me but the teacher and assignment are really nice!!!
Great teacher and excellent course organization, but the progress was slow and the amount of material covered during it could be bigger.
its a 7 week course but it covers very basics which can be easily completed in one week instead of 7 weeks +1 star for funny prof. ;)
It was interesting to learn! I just wished it could be made more simpler to the ones who come from non-technical background. Thanks!
Variable names really should be meaningful. Abbreviations like "fval", "tot" instead of "float_value" and "total" is a bad practice.
It's really interesting course i like it very much thanks for all your cooperation and your education methods and thanks to coursera
Professor will not write code in the platform or in any other environment.Will just explain the code.For me that was not that great
Very basic and simple course, but if you nothing know about python - this course for you!Doesn't work second week - test. I'm angry
I HAVE COMPLETED THESE COURSE IN VERY GOOD PERCENTAGE , BUT INSPITE OF THAT I DID NOT GOT THE CERTIFICATE. PLEASE SOLVE MY ISSUE.
In total, this is a very good course for the  beginners.Including the depth in the subject and more concepts will be very useful.
Well, I donot have much to write but this course offers beginner a best platform to build and make their base strong. Thank you.
This Course is too easy but due to the fact that i should complete this to earn Specilization i was forced to complete this one!
i am very excited that i  become a programmer and ihope that in the end  of this course i  become like a professional programer.
It is Very Basic Python programming ,I think every programmer should be aware about this basic about every programming language
Extreme basics of Python. Might work well as a refresher, shouldn't take more than a week if you've had any previous experience
Very easy. Was able to complete in <10 hours with the minimum requirements for the class. I did not do any additional practice.
For beginners it's good informative and very interesting. It's truly a  course for everyone. But it's too basic and need depth.
This course is for absolute beginners. The content of this course is very basic. I really loved the teaching of the instructor.
If you can't program at all this is an excellent course, If you know how to program in any language this course is not for you.
Good course, except some videos about speaker´s personal experiences and some other IT gossip. We just wanted to learn Python.
Appreciate the efforts done by the team to design the Course in such a way that even a Beginner can learn. Thank you for that!
The course is pretty basic however I think it’s necessary to
start with good base for the rest of the specialization courses.
this case is good for very beginners but if you know some programming language like c or c++ this would be too basic for you
Too basic course, good only if you don't have any exposure to any programming languages otherwise it's too easy and basic.
I liked the way the teacher explained the different lessons. However, I would have liked to have more practical exercises.
Easy to get in, now I know the basics of Python.. however, maybe too much extra stuff and discussion about this and that.
watch videos of avinash jain,it is more helpful.also should include implementation instead of explanation of every topic
Good intro course for a total novice.  If you have some programming background, you will move through this very quickly.
It is a great course for the beginners of programming .However this course did not cover many basic concepts in python.
There arent enough examples to get us a good path to learning Python. More practice and solved questions were required.
Very thorough.  Walks you step by step, but a little too slow and detailed for someone with minimal coding background.
This course is very basic, doesn't cover all aspects of the topics taught in it,assignments must be made a bit tricky
This was a very basic course. I was expecting something more advanced. But all of what was taught was good and clear.
Good for real beginner of programming, if you already have experience with any other language, this might be too easy
I swear I already finished this course and as I went to the next one I had to do some of these exercises over again.
Python for everybody is for those who don't know anything about programming, here everything is of very basic level.
Need to add some more real world applications, explain some of the arguments in the last problem of the last course.
Its good for absolute beginners, it could have been a little bit more advanced with one or two medium size projects.
Well, you teach perfectly and made this course interesting. But i think tutor should also be focused to be concise.
The course is good for people new to programming, but it doesn't go over a lot of things that are also essential.
this course is very good .but I had lot of problems with the python tool which you give for doing  assignments
Great content for beginner as coarse name is "Python for Everybody". Starting from very basic and explanatory.
Very basic introduction.  If you have any coding experience in other languages, this will be extremely simple.
Nice course,But can be lot more better with more knowledge like most of the part of the python is not  coverd
it was not so much helpful. initially i liked the courses but after the 4th week it became too easy to learn.
Course and assignments were very easy. Could have been more challenging if assignments were little difficult.
Apt for beginner in programming- not suitable for someone who is already a programmer and is learning Python
Very easy material, with a bit boring assignments. With not much more effort more material could be covered.
This course is way too simple and too slow. Probably good for someone who has never done programming before.
This course is very basic and the assignments are very easy. If you know how to code, I would not take it.
very basic.  you'll be bored with most of this course if you have ever been exposed to programming at all.
ya,its very good,the way that Dr.chuck explained was so good.And even the courseera was also good.thank u
I think it could have less videos teaching how to install Python and more about the language principles.
The course is too very basic and is very slow. I am not from a programming background and still feel so.
This is very basic course , does give only surface knowledge. which is not enough to begin working with
good introduction for people who have never do anything with programming. It is really basic knowledge.
Some of the materials were very helpful like the hardware section. I was not a fan of the auto grader.
great course, I wish there was more materials,and it was less general and a little bit more technical.
yess this is very effective in learning the pythonm proigramming language44 in the most basic level.
Very nice course but a shame you cannot do any of the quizzes without an upgrade to the payed track.
Easy to understant the basic concepts of python, including variables, loops, exception handler, etc.
Both the lectures and text have good information and well explained examples.  Low production value.
It is good.Sir teaches very well.In this cource,he teaches just very basics concepts of Programming
Felt like more Python should have been taught before awarding this course's completion certificate,
3 stars because this is not for everybody. Chuck is great (5 stars) and I am going to keep trying.
Very slow pace for me. This is for absolute beginner who has never written a single line of code.
More variety of programming could have been added, otherwise, the explanations were really good!!
good course, but I hope we could see the correct answer after we finish the quiz and assignment.
The approach of teaching has to be changed more examples with clear explanation has to be given.
Good intro to programming.  Enjoyed the coursework; plan to continue so I can learn even more...
Very well conducted for a beginner, but some lectures seems too long to convey a simple concept.
Pretty basic course. Some videos are way too long. Good introduction to Python and programming.
more example required, also training on how to use Atom and other text editors should be taught
indepth knowledge of the subject taught wasnt there. an overview of the topics were discussed.
It was nice experience to do learning by doing with this platform. Thank you Coursera......!
it contains less material than exists on w3school web, i mean this is course isn't mastering
I enjoyed this course I got the new skill to learn, the course is not very much elaborated.
I liked it but I think it's a little too basic, even for me. Thanks you very much for this.
For someone who has already notions in software engineering, this course will be very easy
The course is too basic and there is very little material to be covered in 7 weeks/modules
I was expecting more explanation on writing more programs .Over all it was great learning
Good but lack of information as the assignments are out from syllabus of what they told.
I enjoyed it, it would be nice to see some more exercises done, and work along with it.
I just want to learn how to program, I dont care where the professor goes (conferences)
Not very good but its fine...The instructor is just too knowledgable for this course: )
A bit long-winded but learning about the editor (Atom) and using the terminal was good.
I think the "Getting started with Python" course is Excellent for the Beginner/novice.
It is too basic. I finished this course during two weeks and was charged for 3 months.
needs more practice problems. Programming is something you have to do a lot of to get.
great for beginners...but if you already know basics of python not much useful course
Explanations is pretty well, but it is not so difficulty. So it's good for beginners.
the last assignment is so annoying, its like a bug or something. pls fix it thankyou
For me, it was a good revision of the basic programming constructs and python syntax
A good course for the beginners. The language and explanations are very very simple.
This course is too basic....perhaps squeeze more material since it assumes you don't
Change the questions. Make them harder. Don't only think with business perspective.
terrific content but in assignment section can't take solution by my own conditions
This course is a better option to start with programming and that also with Python.
breaking down the videos into various little ones would be more productive i think.
This session is too easy and also many page no my country language, but some have.
Basic intro to Python. But I found the content not to systematically organized....
Mediocre, not that helpful. Not the best. I was urged to skip all the vids in wk 2
I feel it's too simple and really just for beginners who know nothing about coding
It's very interesting. And I felt it is a very good platform to learn programming
assignments are bit more complex when compared to the given content of the course
this is course is for those students who have just started  to practice on python
It's really a basic stuff you could learn in dozens of free online online couses.
It was an amazing experience learning a programming language for the first time.
Expected more material and higher level of problems. Instructor is great though.
It was okye . It can be good if quality of assigmnents can be better. Thank you
Needs more in-depth analysis of loops and type of arguments. Rest all is great.
This was a very good course with basic information about the python language.
Alot of irrelevant video made  me loose my interest in containing the course.
GOOD FOR BEGINNERS. EVERYONE SHOULD START LEARNING TO CODE FROM THIS PLATFORM
its was so easy and it will be better to have little tough and more exercise
The course was more focused on theory part than the practical applications.
Too many 'bonus' videos that weren't necessary to the object of the course.
It's too easy most of the time; the assignments are not challenging enough.
Best foundational platform for the dark coders / freshers to learn coding.
A little bit repetitive some times, the examples tend to be over explained
Parts of videos were distracting and dragged on for longer than necessary.
It was a bit too easy. But a good foundation for the "Everybody" audience.
I got initial overview of Python, I need to know numpy statistical tool .
Try to give some python projects so that students can analyse the dataset
Needs some improvement on teaching, however I love about the bonus videos
There could have been more practical sessions which would be more useful.
Need better material and breakdown of the material. Also more assignments
This course is so good for beginner yet too easy for above intermediates
Auto grader is finiky and not that good in explaining what is required.
The course is not bad, but it teach Python 2! It Should teach Python 3.
i am not interested in other materials like job hours. overall is good
more detailed explanation should be provided especially for beginners.
The resources weren't organized enough to be fully accessed with ease.
The course grader tool could be improvised it has a lot of bugs in it
Good introduction for people who have no prior programming background
Good course for learn python.Quizes and Assignments are interesting.
Yes I like this course but some exercises I even dont understand now
It is very good course. I have many things to learn in this course.
It was extremely hard and the activities was not explained properly
The course was too easy and could have been a bit more challenging.
good course. Can be better in terms of information and assignments.
Videos tended to be a bit longer than necessary.  Might consider c
the basics are very clear and the instructor is a friendly person
This is a good course for pure beginner who never program before.
The videos were very slow and many contained useless information.
Good for beginners who doesn't have any knowledge of programming
You shouldn't give your office tours and such lengthy interviews
You need to make the students write a lot more code than you do.
the course is good but not sufficient to learn more about python
Ideal for beginners to get in touch with a programming language.
It would be better if it tells you more specificatly what to do
too slow for people with previous experience in other languages
Could have taught more than just basics....but i was still nice
There should be more challenging and more programing exercises.
have good material but so slow width a lot of no python videos
thanks Dr chuck i could understandbyour video it was nice sir
very basic course, I only suggest this for absolute beginners
this course would be not so good for an absolute beginners !
I have learnt basics of Python programming very efficiently.
IN THIS COURSE I LEARNED ABOUT PYTHON LIKE FUNCTION , LOOPS
understoodable basic fundamental knowledge regarding python
Nice teacher- frustrating assignments with little guidance.
It is very simple course. It is perfect for nonprogrammers.
Fair course. Explanations are good and materials are solid.
Extremely basic and you can pass the course in a few days.
It is good . But it is better to teach more about programs
Thank You for the course. Please do make it more engaging.
Not so difficult and you need to give difficult challenges
Great course Great Instructor!I really enjoyed the course.
ok ! not to good or bad but instructor is very supportive
Completed But still showing incomplete in week 2 section!
It was good but level of questions should be much better
this is too easy for people with some level of knowledge
The assignments were TOO hard for it to be for beginners
Starts a bit too slowly in my opinion before ramping up.
It was a very basic course and the instructor was good.
THIS COURSE IS SIMPLE AND GIVES INTRODUCTION TO PYTHON
course is good , but could have given more assignments
too basic for individuals with programming background.
The content is good and easy to follow but lack depth.
its a best platform to improve our programming skills
good content, but slow pace. tiny increments per week
Best course for learning python basics with hands on
very poor course content but they taught really good
it is good but the auto grader is not helpful at all
Not as beginner as I thought. Good professor though.
a bit slow but good for someone with zero experience
I learned basics in python. Instructor is too good.
Better examples should be given for building basics
too basic for me, excellent for programming newbies
Good, if you know nothing. bad at any another case
Nice course for beginners, but only for beginners.
I thought that the assignments were a bit trivial.
The difficulty of assignments should be increased.
personally i prefer less slide and more excercise
Basic if you already have experience programming
content is good ,but teaching staff are helpless
Takes a long time to figure out the problem sets
Would  like to thank you all!!For your services
For absolute beginners, but still a good start.
this course best but not all python is include
I course doesn't have enough coding exercises.
I wish there would have been more assignments.
Good course.get many knowledge in this course
Could benefit from harder assignments or more
The man that give the course talk a lottttt.
Very basic course, does not go too in-depth
excellent material.....very good teaching..
The expectation was deep conceptual clear.
doesnt give much knowledge waste more time
A good course those who are new to Python.
It was nice to begin with. Thanks Dr. Chuk
Course has mindblowing but it needs update
Kinda too slow in speed. But overall great
it is a very useful and good for learning
a good course for learning python basics.
It should add more examples than stories.
Gets too techincal for non-tech students.
Coarse content is good for Basic learners
Really i am excited to learn this course
please course is also available in hindi
Too easy. My expectation was another. My
too many unrelated information and talks
Elementary level course, going very slow
Too lengthy for a basic type of course.
Well its good for beginners. Too easy !
Clear instructions. Good for beginners!
Teaching assistants are not so active.
VERY basic.Tutor is a nice guy though.
Teaching style and method is not good
This course is for absolute beginners
This is a great course for beginners.
too easy and covers minimal materials
A little slow, but gets the job done.
Good course to kick-start with python
Videos got a bit  repetitive and long
Easy for beginners.Thank you so much
It's easy to start python with this.
Too easy, for novices in programming
It's very basic and time-consuming.
It's Just Basics I want more stuff.
Good introduction for programming!
good to start with..but not enough
Way too easy for a specialization.
a little bit more, would be great!
This course is just for beginner.
name is not coming in certifacate
too easybut the teacher is great!
This course is comparatively easy
Not covered the topics in detail
the course is good for beginners
A very good course for beginners
Getting start with Pyhton is fun
I didn't get any certificate yet
you can add some more topics...
the course is quite well taught
more hands on coding excercises
Would have covered more topics.
A bit easy. Completed in a week
too easy and pretty long for me
it was such a great experience
More study materials required.
Very good course for beginners
Too few exercises. Too simple.
The assignment is way too easy
Exercise need to be more heavy
it is good and easy language.
Sir, need to do more examples
it was a great experience!!!
I have very greate experince
Assignments can be increased
too basic for those who know
The exercises are confusing.
it's too basic for my taste.
it is good for basic python
very basic start of python.
it's content are so basic.
It was too simple to learn
It was a great learning .
Nice course.Easy to learn
Good course for beginners
As of now well explained!
Not Complete Many Topics
Good course for beginers
nice. very well planed.
only for very beginners
too easy for everybody
Easy MOOC for starters
It's was really good.
too long at the start
nice way of teaching
best way of teaching
Its completely good
very basic lectures
Too  simple I think
its basic  course.
Very basic stuff!!
Very Basic Course
too easy to me~~~
Not much detailed
Quite easy for me
allmost helpfull
Basics of python
its really good
Maybe too easy.
Too easy for me
good teaching.
great learning
it's very easy
Good Lectures
too redundant
that's great
Good Lecture
Super useful
Too easy..
Very basic
It is good
Very basic
Too basic
Too basic
its nice
to basic
nothing
So easy
Good systematic course for beginners - although for real beginners some parts may be quite a bit too geeky, the promise that even if you don't know much about computers you will still be able to follow the course doesn't convince me. If you had some experience with programming, go at your own speed with the course materials and you will be able to finish within a couple of hours - I finished the whole seven weeks in two days, not working on it full time and watching all the videos, which is not really necessary. Some of the examples don't seem to make much practical sense, which would be good for motivation, but they serve their purpose to understand syntax and structure. Some have errors, which is surprising given the huge audience that can help to correct them. There are extra materials about hard- and software developers that are not really connected.
Coming at this with no experience in coding at all, this course was extremely difficult. I think the most difficult part of this class was following the videos. The reason is because real world uses weren't given very often. I struggled with motivation nearing the end of this course because the examples in the videos focused on the "what" the code does and not so much the "why." Because of this, the usefulness of some of the discussed functionalities in python are still unknown to me. To remedy that, I would recommend the exercises in the videos reflect what will be done in the assignments, at least to some degree. I couldn't help but get hung up on what "zork" had to do with anything (among a few other examples), or why I would ever need to find the largest letter in a phrase like "hello world." In fact, I think my biggest struggle going through this course was fighting thoughts like, "what am I going to use this for?" I would like to see more content related to solving real world problems, even if it's just in the bonus content.Overall, while it was very difficult, I really do recommend this course to others, and in fact I already have recommend it to two of my friends. The instructor seems like a really awesome guy, he's easy to listen to, and overall he's the kind of teacher than any student would love to have.
Excellent overview of first few concepts in Programming in Python. Useful in understanding programming concepts (early early stages) for those who have never done programming and refresher for those who have, but it has been a while, I look forward to seeing how the other courses in the this series are. Only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating is because I think in addition to the given assignments there should be an extra assignment per week with practical applications. Granted not enough of the language is know yet to warrant anything really complex, but perhaps just number converter for scientific notation, or a tip calculator with code given that can make it practical to use (connect it to a website or phone application).
This is a very nice start for python beginners. Professor Charles Severence's way to teaching is very good.  This course will help you build a strong foundation in python. I liked the conditional sequences lecture from other lectures. The assignments  and quize were so engrossing and tricky which helped me a lot. Moreover the discussion forum is a nice help for fellow students. I would recommend you to take this course. I completed this course in 2 days along with all assignments and quiz submitted. The bonus videos give a nice exposure about successful people and career. I also loved them.
It's not as updated as python's latest version and it's sort of not possible to keep the teaching material up to date, in online courses, I was using Python 3.8.2 while learning this course and the final problem was always giving me an error telling me that " '>' not supported between instances of 'float' and 'NoneType'"but the problem didn't show me any error on the autograder. so it's cool! and you are a very great professor, really very interesting content!
great course, some  more examples can be included
This Course is really very helpful for beginners.
good course but its more basic than i expected
Nice course to have a clear idea of python
Went through important things needed, some felt very easy as I learned a bit on my own prior to the course. I found the graded material to be good and on topic. The multiple choice  assignments were very, very easy, while coding exercises were super simple, with an increase in difficulty in the last couple. Questions and online text editor were specific in how they wanted the questions to be done, something I was worried about a little. I would rather use Pythons built in IDE, however that's not exactly possible, using others would be hard to integrate as well. Maybe just submitting your .py file would make it seem more natural, the online editor was good, but felt weird and didn't act exactly the same with some traceback errors, and other functions, plus looking at black and white can get tiring really fast.If you have done any learning on your own, depending on how much, this first course may all be review for you, or mostly. It is good to get information from other sources that are reliable, as they will add certain bits and examples to help better understand things. I was able to finish about the first 3/4ths very easily, and the last quarter wasn't very hard, or time consuming, I just didn't try to complete the assignments as quick or often. With some strong basic knowledge and time, you could potentially finish this in a week, and someone who is good with python a day easily, that's why it's for beginners. Switching from another language to python, depending on if you have any experience at all, you could skim through the material very fast, shouldn't have any issues, since it would all be syntax.
Dr. Chuck makes the course quite simple.  At the beginning of the course, he patiently introduces some preparing steps such as python installation and screenshot tools, which is quite useful for students  with little computer knowledge. During the course, Dr. Chuck manages to use the simplest language to explain the concepts. The slides use different colors to differentiate different elements in a script, indicating Dr. Chuck's consideration for the students. The course reminds me of the sentence from The Zen of Python, "simple is better than complex."The course is a beginning course for python. I studied Visual Basic in my freshman year, and now, three years after VB, I found the assignments quite easy. So I advise that if you have prior knowledge of other languages, you can use the book provided by Dr. Chuck to quickly understand the concepts and view some example code. Then you can directly jump to the assignments and I suppose that it would not be too hard for you. I heard MOOC one year ago and enrolled several courses at Coursera. However, this is my first finished course. Sometimes the network speed of the school was too slow to view the videos and this really slowed me down. I also had some school work and exams. Now I am at the end of my undergraduate study and have enough time to take MOOCs. $310 is quite expensive for me but I hope I can accomplish the five courses of this specialization and some day I'll come back to pay for the certification.Thanks to Dr. Chuck and mentors.Tao.ZhengHuazhong University of Science&Technology, P.R.China
The course is extremely easy, even for those with no programming background like myself, but I suspect this is on purpose: it helps dispel anxieties and build confidence, so that students feel encouraged to continue with the specialization or seek out more advanced individual courses. I know that I found myself creating more complicated versions of the assignments and looking up ways to make them work, but that's a good thing: it's important for a course to spark curiosity and invite experimentation. Obviously, you need to keep your expectations in check: you won't turn into a professional programmer at the end of one easy course or specialization. However, you can start figuring out how to automate some of your own work or how to talk to programmers if you're working on a project together.  As a bonus, Dr. Severance explains things very clearly and is quite enjoyable to watch, which was a nice change from other MOOCs I've taken before. I'm only giving it four stars because I think there should have been more assignments, as well as a mechanism to discourage plagiarism (it was obvious to me that some participants copied their code from various online sources, which is partly why they couldn't figure out why it didn't work or didn't produce the correct output).
As a beginner course, I think this is a very good course. The basics are covered in a very easy going manner and the instructor is definitely very good at breaking things down into words which probably anyone can understand.  But somehow it lacks the content. Not that it's necessarily a bad thing here. If i were a beginner in programming, I wouldn't have been able to learn a lot from this course alone. So, I would highly advise that you do practice of the concepts you learn and try experiments and stuffs, read the book and solve more questions, etc. That way, you'll have a lot of confidence in the language and its concepts.

For those who are more well verse than someone who hasn't coded before, or  like me, who has reached almost intermediate levels (in C++ and has learned a little bit of JAVA), it wasn't that fruitful for learning something new. Not that I was expecting this course to teach me in-depth. I enrolled in the course for the certificate and brushing up on the concepts I have already learned in past.

To summarize, it's a great course. The instructor is great. The tests are simple. The coding questions help you develop basic problem solving skills.
I think its a very good introductory course for someone that's never done anything related to computers in general and want to learn and master a new skill for the future. Python is one of the most famous programming languages and the wide range of things you can do with it are almost unmeasurable. Taking this course made me increase my self confidence that i can at some point take another path with my professional life.The only reason i would give 5 star to the course if because its divided in 5 different courses. The in the 2nd as far as i can see there are some chapter repeated, like "how to install python" that is completely unnecessary and such a waste of time for students. Also it would be great if students could choose since the very beginning if they want to take the whole extensive course and focus in learning the fastest and deepest the possible if it really caught you than going thru each of them stopping your learning process.Apart from this small details i couldnt recommend it more.
This is a very good introductory course for people with zero programming experience. I had used Matlab in school. And at work, I and did some python by just reading documentary and googling, which was really time-consuming without any basic knowledge. That's why I wanted to take a course to walk me through. I completed the whole course in 1 day, about 8 hours, by X1.5 speed playing the videos. The course is well structured, easy to follow, with a very supportive community. Thanks to the quick response from the TA in the discussion forum, I get to solve my question so fast.What I also like about the course is that the professor is so passionate about programming, about open source, which really inspired me. He had included a lot of interesting additional material, like interviews with the creator of Python, the creator of Arduino. The only thing that I think could be improved for this course is to include more and in-depth assignment.
I love this course. I won't deny the fact that I loved Python better and understood more the basics of computing through this course. I will encourage anyone interested to learn to program to start with this course.I want to commend Prof. Charles for his elaborate pedagogy in delivering this course. He makes learning sweet, especially the lecture on "loop idioms" where he asked us to figure out a way to find the smallest and largest value in a loop. It was a class I racked my brain but couldn't find an answer but he explained to the barest way for everyone to understand. I recommend this course for all who wish to know more about programming and Python.Thank you for the knowledge you imparted, Dr Chuck. You made me reason how a computer does see our instruction and not how human see those instructions. Also giving one more reason to love bugs is key to success in programming.Thanks again!
Really, both the course and the course instructor are awesome. I had started learning Python on my own but this course has clarified a lot of things in Python for me. I have now understood the Python code structure pretty well, that it should not only be a solution to a problem but also smart in its own way.Dr. Chuck too seemed a very jolly person and a great instructor. His academic degrees and status and outstanding knowledge of Python are proof of that. I am grateful to have learned Python from him and would look to continue learning from Coursera. The Coursera platform was also very helpful for me. Like keeping notes of something in the lecture video, or bonus videos for extra knowledge, etc.Overall it was a good experience for me and my learning. I enjoyed all the lecture videos and the bonus videos as well. Thanks to Coursera and Dr. Chuck for teaching us students.
Positives: Enthusiastic, easy to listen to instructor. Course made easy for someone new to programming.Negative: The supplementary videos don't add anything to the course imo, some seem downright pointless. One or two of these might be ok, but it seems like there's a dozen.Personally: I was a programmer over a decade ago and am looking to refresh my knowledge and was looking for a gentle re-introduction to programming, this is certainly a gentle introduction, too easy for someone with prior knowledge of programming I think. Anyway can't fault the course for this as it's meant to be for everyone. I would definitely recommend this course for a raw beginner. If like me you have some prior programming experience, then I'd recommend skipping the non course related videos, and skimming through the course lectures or maybe find a more challenging 'beginner' course.
The quality of the content is excellent and is presented clearly (although the lecturer drinking various things throughout the lectures was odd...). I plowed through all seven weeks in a day because I had already finished the first three weeks of the Rice University Python course (also on Coursera); I would say this entire course is nearly equivalent to the first three weeks of the Rice course. My reasons for doing this are two-fold: (1) practice, practice, practice, and (2) I plan to take all four courses in this series from U Mich - I am interested in the web and database aspects that do not seem to be covered in the Rice course. I did learn a thing or two from each course that was not presented in the other, but those points were relatively minor and would probably be stumbled across on a future troubleshooting visit to stackoverflow.
This course is good if you are a complete beginner when it comes to programming. If you have intermediate experience and just want to learn the language I think you will find this course rather slow -  most of the time is spent on explaining basic programming concepts such as loops, variables, conditional statements etc. I personally got through the entire course in about 1 afternoon. If you already have experience with a different programming language this course probably isn't for you. In fact if you understand the basic concepts I listed above then this course will be of very little value to you. The information about Python this course provides can probably be found in a YouTube video. 4.5/5 for complete beginners, 2.5/5 for more experienced programmers
An good introduction to Python geared towards people without programming experience.If you already have a good programming experience the only interesting thing of interest will be the syntax, but that's just a fraction of the video's time. You will probably start skipping forward on the basic ideas of how computers work and lessons will take just the time to listen to the videos and you probably will be able to finish a couple of lessons in one evening, instead of a week.I really appreciated the extra videos that give some background on the history behind programming.At the end of this course you will have a basic idea of how a computer works and how you can instruct it to do still very basic things.
Great introduction to Python (although, I knew it before, so I may have an advantage), I give it 4/5 stars only because it ignored Python 3, which is what most of the industry does anyhow, but it is still worth noticing.Plus, the way that many firms work, they just look for keywords, so putting both Python 2 an Python 3 on a resume would help.That being said, the course encourages doing derived courses to help others learn programming and gain mastery over "dumb but fast" computer systems, and I wholly support that attitude.So just for that, I would give it more than five stars out of the "possible" five, because programming allows one to expand what is possible, beyond past limits and systems.
I like the videos instructing the material but I also like the additional videos e.g. the interviews with Guido van Rossum. It makes the course more interesting. The instructing videos are of high quality, to the point. The videos are without pauzes of a tutor who lost his story for a moment, on the contrary, the tutor is a professional teacher.For an absolute beginner this course is reachable , no steep learning curve.The transcript of the spoken text below the video is great, it underlines realtime the audio fragments that are spoken. For non-native people this can be of a great aid. For a seasoned programmer in other programming languages this course is very easy an can be done in 2 days.
This is a great class for absolute beginners but if you come from C or a similar language, this is quite challenging. Also there are some typos in the exercises, so you have to pay attention to what is "probably asked" if it doesn't seem to make sense... I found the writing style of the tasks a bit too sloppy because I am used to straight-forward mathematical or physical programming tasks and not so much "Well, this is fun, let's see what do do with it!" statements. But that is a matter of personal taste, I guess. Anyway, I can recommend this class to anyone interested in learning Python without scientific background. I do recommend an attitude of "interest in logic" though ;-)
The course itself is wonderful,very instructive, well organized, and easy to understand. My only "complaint" is that it is too simple. That being said, this course is the fundamental of the fundamental of python. Mastering this sole course is far below enough to wield python as a powerful data analyzing tool. Also, I think even though this is designed to be an intro course, for people like me who is a total rookie in the world of computer science, it should have mentioned, at least touched upon a little of what is algorithm, because there is no way we won't come across various algorithms in the future of learning computer science. I just think it'd be good to have a heads-up.
A great (and gentle) introduction or review of fundamental concepts in Python programming and basic computer science. The lectures are clear and the assignments are relevant/well-designed. This course series is second only to MITx 6.00.1x over at edX, which is considerably more challenging, time-consuming, and somewhat better executed. The code grader for the MIT course test a wide array of cases to ensure that the student has minimal leeway in terms of shortcuts while one could easily fool the auto-grader in this course.  The assignments also lack depth and challenge compared to the MIT assignments.Overall, the course is well organized and a great option for beginners.
This course, as its name suggests is for anyone including people who have no previous background in programming. One can skip parts based on her experience. Having some experience in programming, I still found it useful. It gives the basics of the language, syntax, what happens when we interact with a computer etc. The instructor was well prepared not only in terms of content but also it is obvious he cares about things like teaching at scale. I also liked he gave credit to everyone who helped him to prepare for the course. I suggest this to anyone who wants to learn python, based on ones experience and dedication, completing all the content can take down to 1-2 days.
Nice and well structured class. I liked it to learn the basic Python syntax (loops, functions etc.), before you get to data structures in the second class. At first, that was counter-intuitive to me, since in other courses on different programming languages, it was the other way around, but it worked quite nicely. The only weakness of the class: In the assignments where you have to enter your code to get a specific output, just getting the output was not enough. A more or less concrete code was required. It was sometimes a bit frustrating to figure out what went wrong. But anyhow: A good course for anyone with little programming experience and a wish to learn Python!
The course was very basic. It was nicely taught and the examples and the lectures were really enjoyable. However, some shortcomings I felt were that the colors in the slides could have been a bit clearer. Another thing was that some concepts were introduced in the lectures which were not explained completely. A real beginner would not be able to understand them which would in some parts defeat the purpose of the course.Other than that, I felt the course was really structured well. The assignments were easy and the quizzes did test the knowledge about the subject taught so far. It was such that any new person would not feel discouraged.Keep up the good job people.
The course materials are presented in a clear way and gives a picture of what we are trying to accomplish.I started with some basic understanding in computer programing, so I find it rather easy for the first part. But I can not speak for everyone because this course is called Progarming for Everybody. There are some basic concepts that seem easy but take years to master. The only problem I have is with the network connection quality. I study in China but the website or the app do not always work. I used proxy, another proxy, no proxy, so back and forth. But it's like every time I try to study I still need to count on the connection quality, which is annoying.
All lectures are presented very professionally and in form which is easy to understand. Steady progress easy to learn. Unfortunately practical part doesn't allow too much flexibility to play with the code. To do extra work, add some features, be just little more creative. I understand that it was graded by program and needs to have some limits but this can be solved by given hard criteria that needs to be met and peer assessment grading which will wider students horizon by checking others code. To see others ideas. This missing spark for creativity make me to give "only" 4 starts. In whole it is great course worth any minute spend.Thank you. Vlad
Great Course for beginners to start their career in Python and Data Science.  The course is all about basic topics that each individual should get hands-on when they're new to Python Programming. And one of the advantages is that no prerequisites are required to get into the course anybody who wanted to develop their skills and interested in learning a new skill apart of their daily routine can opt for the course. All the topics/lessons from the course were greatly taught by Charles Severance, mentor for the course. Each of them was explained clearly with relevant examples and exercises to work on. I definitely recommend opting for this course.
Great start for Pythonistas. For auditting, at-least the questions for the assignments should have been visible. Was quite disappointing to find that questions and auto graders were disabled for free learning. Although, later on i was able to find the auto grader on the "py4e" website. Helped a lot just to know that I could still continue my learning. Great teacher, a lot of fun teaching examples. Easy-paced, and well explained. Although, sometimes Charles would just deliver a lot of clarity on what he is trying to say, which ultimately led to confusion ;). I understood it though, since I am not new too programming as a whole. Great wit though!
It's a pretty good course. I think it's probably amazing for beginners, as it teaches all the basics for getting started with programming.Even though i already knew the basics of what was taught here, there were a couple small things here and there that were new to me and it was nice learning them.It was funny and weird for me how the first programming exercise wanted me just to correct the word/function "print", and it had 1 hour assigned to the expected time i would spend on it. But, overall, I liked this course quite a lot. Still, i think it could have a couple more exercises and that they could gradually become a little bit more complex.
Nice course!  It is definitely a beginner's course, and my only complaint is that in order to be able to take the capstone course we will have to pay for and be certified for this course.  I really think there should be an option for people who aren't absolute beginners to enter the track at a later point and still be able to get the full cert and/or do the capstone.  After all, this track is geared toward using Python for analysis and data science, which is hardly a topic that is for absolute beginners.For what it is, though, namely a very beginning level course to teach the concepts of programming with Python, it's very well executed.
Nice course with really energetic prof charles teaching python from the very basic. Very apt course for people starting out with programming and helps them to reach specialization after completion of 4 other such courses. The quiz and graded assignments help you check your learning curve. It helped me a lot and though it is a 7-week course it can be done a lot faster. I completed it in 4 days even though I was doing a bunch of other stuff along with this course, well it was due to my prior knowledge in other programming languages. I would recommend all of you guys to take this course who are beginning their journey in python.
While I don't encourage you use python, this course does achieve what it sets out to do. This course is an easy place for beginners to start their python learning, teaching concepts such as: variables,loops,error checking, Boolean checks, functions, and even how to download python. Don't be dissuaded by the long time commitment, with an understanding of these concepts from other languages a person can do this course in much less time than what they planned for. The teacher is clear and passionate. The work is not difficult. The language used is not complex. If you decide to learn python, this is a good point to begin.
It is as stated: Programming for Everybody (who hasnt had any expsoure to programming). If you dont know about computers and you dont know about programming, this course is for you. On the other hand: if you do have a basic understanding of computers and/or programming, than this may no be the right course for you: The beginning is too slow - the stuff about CPUs & memory etc. is really for people who dont know about computers at all. The overall pace is too slow. My suggestion would be toa) shorten the introductiory partb) increase lurning-curve & depthc) add more complex assignments -> maybe as "bonus assignments"
This course is very good for the beginner and intermediate person that wants to learn or refresh their skills in programming.  i first learned programmer in college (17 years ago) using FORTRAN.  I had to learn it in semester; this course provides an interesting format and instruction (Dr. Chuck is a good teacher).  This first course gives you a little back ground and it gets you started with the process of programming.  I would have given the course a 5 star, but i found the book a challenge to follow for a beginner.  I fumbled my way through it. only because of my past experience with FORTRAN programming.
The course was very good and even the instructor was very good . I easily understood all the concept and it help me to improve my skills . I loves the assignments and quiz very much which invokes my thinking skill more and more and forced me think and  make coding easy. Only problem I had that the theory can me more deep and less advance so that the we can relate to it more . And also if the link of next course will be provided in the last section then it will be easy to search because there are lots of course available on couresra. Lastly I want to thank all of the team . Thank you so much
Good for people with no experience in programming. Course content and teaching is excellent. The only inconvenience is the online python editor which is used to submit the assignments. The output needs to exactly match character-by-character to the one shown in the desired output screen which is kind of trouble causing and takes time if you are looking to finish the trivial assignments quickly and move on the more advanced topics in the next course of this specialization.Nevertheless, the course as a whole is very useful and I recommend everyone to continue further with this specialization.
I recently completed an Code Yourself! MOOC run by Edinburgh University which used Scratch to code. They recommended trying Python coding as a next step so I signed up for this course. I've found it to be excellent, fun, and challenging. I very much appreciate that Dr Severance makes all his materials freely available to download under the Creative Commons licence.I'm giving it a 4 rather than 5star rating is because I think new Coursera platform needs to be sorted out and improved. I've encountered several glitches in doing this course which are due to the platform not the course material.
The beginning was a bit disjointed. For instance, once you opened the site and logged in you would find instructions to download certain things but it wasn't unclear exactly what you were doing. Then when you started the coursework the lectures would walk you through how to do all of that. It would have maybe been clearer if you started right with a lecture or an intro video that is the first thing you encounter on the site that explains how the site works and where you can find downloadable materials, etc. Otherwise, very helpful and Professor Severance is hilariously dorky. I loved him.
It is a really good course to kick start the journey towards learning one of the most popular programming languages which is python. It starts with giving basic idea of python like variables, constants,statement and then moves onto type conversions. It then covers topics like conditional statements and goes to cover basics of function. Finally, it will end with loops. Additionally, in the beginning of the course, it will help u to install python in your pc which is quite good along with a text editor named atom. I believe this is good course to know about the basics of python.
a very very nice course made by a funny and good teacher, the course will help you step by step  on learning the basics of python by showing you explanations followed by a quiz (not really hard but very useful for the purpouse of helping the user to remember the lessons) and then by a proper exercise, the only thing i would add it would be a specific lesson on punctuation and syntax of the python lenguage becouse a couple of time i've been struggling with exercises and the problem were indentations and some punctuation.  Thank you a lot mr. Chuck, coursera and the community!
I would say Dr. Charles R. Severance is a great professor as well as a great person. The way he taught all concepts and programming are way better than any other professor that I had ever learnt with. The reason I have given 4 star is that the last assignment was tricky one and there was no hint to that assignment, it was really hard. Otherwise , whole course was great and I am willing to learn more python courses ahead for getting specialization in this field and also very much interested to learn further courses with Dr. Charles R. Severance.Thank you!!
I have learnt and enjoyed this course which  has opened the world of programming to me. Severance is a great instructor and has made lessons quite  nice and fun. I haven't had the time to go throughout all extra materials but I will in the next weeks. I haven't given it 5 stars because there are some moments when things get a bit complicated that I have missed a bit more "step by step" examples or information bit more clear  about some functions or just more examples. But ,it has been great  and I am looking forwards to continue the Specialisation.
This course has truly helped me to understand the importance of python language in day to day life. I recommend this to everyone who are new to python and wants to learn the basics of it.  Secondly,the sir  explained it so well and understandable. literally divided each concepts  into different parts for better learning.Thirdly,i enjoyed doing quiz and program to run,it shows how much clear we are.Lastly it was a beautiful experiences. I,thanked to my colleges who recommended me this. You guys should give it a try i am sure you're gonna love it 1
Overall the course was fantastic. Teaching was spot on and the methods was brilliant. I only have one issue with this course and that's how it uses an auto grader. In my opinion they aren't that great because it only checks for valid input/outputs and not that you understand what it is you're doing. Other courses I've done expect work to be submitted and peer assessed so you can see how other people reach their answers and learn more from that experience.That said though anyone looking to get into computing I would recommend doing this course.
This course is meant to introduce you to programming in Python. The course takes you through the basic concepts of programming in Python, which are also applicable to other programming languages with a bit of syntax change. I liked the course thoroughly, but there needs more explanation of the concepts shared in the course. The recommended book is still rudimentary, people new to programming may find the text unfulfilling. Therefore, I recommend following some other book which is thorough in explaining the concepts shared in the videos.
Excellent material, fabulous tutor, Ι'd really be glad if I could have Professor Severance in real-life class. That's the only reason I do not give a straigth 5star reward, since I believe that the lack of real life interaction is not fully recovered by the quizzes and excercises, they should be more in my opinion. Of course, I understand that this course might also be intented for even a complete amateur and I respect the fact to let this quiz and test part simplified. I will definitely follow the next courses of the Python circle.
I chose this specialization path to learn more technical skills for a possible career change. Great for beginners, which is why I took this course.  I found I could move quickly through this course and completed it in about 4 weeks.  The last few online assignments get a little challenging because there were not exact query examples in the lectures to reference for certain work you were expected to submit.  I had to Google a few things for extra assistance and all worked out.I passed the course and am moving on the next one!
I have never programmed before nor ever thought I would be interested in coding.  I always considered myself to be more creative so I knew the materials would be challenging - for me.  However, the comprehensive materials were organized in a manner that the related quiz and assignments became manageable.  If I could share one thing to new learners on coursera is for students to refer to the forums as there's likely someone encountering the same error message(s).  The mentors are always helpful in pointing out errors.  Kudos!
The course was very easy if you got prior knowledge in programming in any other programming language. However this was a pretty good introduction to Python. I'm wondering why you are still teaching Python 2, when most people are already using Python 3 already. I've seen there are major differences between Python 2 and 3, most examples learned here would give Syntax error in Python 3.I think this used to be an older course, recorded several years ago. That's why Python 2 is being used. Python 3 is pretty much mature now.
I really enjoyed this course, and found it easy to keep up with the projects by setting aside one day a week. I find that the lectures move a little slowly, but simply speeding up the video time made it feel much more efficient. Following along with the e-book, I felt confident going through each of the exercises, and had a lot of fun while banging my head against the keyboard trying to figure out how to make things work (due to my own errors, not problems within the course).I'm looking forward to the next class!
so that is my very first online class i have ever attended and it is almost perfect .The features of lectures are as good as that of website.And i can swear the lecturer is cool through  his clean and simple explanation,even through online.It is not 5 stars because there may be some weakness about this class for someone else that i missed.Thanks coursera ,also a big thanks to UIT for this free course.I wish coursera can support young guys  better than before ,also, will be  more successful at the future.
I am currently learning Python from few other sources. I recommend this course for beginners with no or minimum coding experience. The course structure is helping me to gradually gain more understanding of Python. Personally, I like the last assignment because it taught me that the solution is sometimes simpler than we thought. It is just that I think as human rather than how computer would think. Dr Chuck and mentors are helpful and encouraging. I would definitely sign up for part 2 of the course.
This was my very first computer programming class and I had to get pointers from my in-house tutor here and there because my background is in the arts and things like cd dir meant nothing to me. However, I am proud to say that I finished the class and it is very challenging, but worth the time and effort to learn something new in 25 years. The on-line mentors give great hints when you are stuck and I like Dr. Chuck. He never makes folks feel dumb even though we definitely are when compared to him.
I really like almost every part of this course.  It goes at a good pace for people who have no programming experience.  I previously attempted to take a Python course that did not explain enough of what it wanted, and I almost gave up on learning Python.  This course is not like that.  The only downside to it is that the professor explains almost too much; the pace is almost too slow.  If you have no programming experience but want to try Python, this is definitely the course to start with.
I have really enjoyed the course. It has been an interesting journey with the python programming by finishing the assignments and graded external tools. It is somewhat similar to the language like C language. But this is more interesting. The only difficulty I faced is in completing the assignment 5.2. But finally..after too many unsuccessful attempts..I have completed the course successfully. Thank you for giving us the opportunity via Coursera community. Thank you once again.
Great I would continue the specialty but one mentor is troubling. Unfortunately this person would intercept my and others (legit) questions and propose that we were repeating ourselves. At least in my case I believe she was wrong. Not only did our question go unaddressed; it made (me) reluctant to participate in any more forums. I would say that 50% of her answers were just zingers directed at the students. Four more courses with this persons 'help' in not interesting to me.
Honestly there was certain aspects on the homework that you had to kind of infer and the videos we're helpful but could be broken down just as much or better as you did labeling the slides. Can be hard to folllow along, also the being locked out on the 3rd attempt if you don't pass is annoying, also not enough practice problems, the way these are setup I'm a need like 10-20 practice problems for each chapter and more quiz questions so I can learn this most effeciently
While the course was quite informative, I felt that Dr. Severence could had been much more slower in his approach, considering that the course is for beginners and for those who are absolutely new to programming and computers. I felt at some places, he was going too fast, assuming for granted that the person doing the course is already aware and understood of some of the advanced functions and codes. I suggest that he slows down in his teaching for easy understanding.
This course is literally for beginners. I finished 7 weeks of course-work in a week. I learned a lot and the progress made motivated me to continue. The professor is a good lecturer. He is not boring in the videos. I still feel like an early beginner and hopefully the rest of the specialization makes me into a Python pro! I would have given it a 5 star review but the last assignment/project was really tough and there was little guidance on how to build the code!
Very informative and fairly easy to follow. Sometimes the teacher made too many marks on the videos which was more confusing than illuminating. I also wish more of the lectures would have started with a problem you would solve and explain why you would want to sovle it.E.g. "Imagine you want to calculate how much you'll get paid if you work overtime at your new job and you want to quickly be able to calculate that without having to calculate by hand every time"
Overall, good slow pace training, some interesting bonus conversations. 

few exercises at the end rapidly gone from simple to more complex. Would be better to adjust a little in the beginning. Also, atom with command is not the best option. Might be more convenient to use space to run without command, while work in command on opening and closing of files, changing directories, etc. more than it was provided. But overall i liked the course. Thank you.
There advice for Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python):I could only access to the course videos with VPN. There is internet block in mainland China.Please help to solve the internet connect problem.It shall add explanation to quizzes,like related to what materials,key knowledge or skills. Most of time we finish them without any reference and discussion.The course is incomplete. Please let me know if you add the rest content.Thanks.
Just finished the course "a little bit" ahead of February.Would have been a resounding five-star review but some "mentor" thought it necessary to hijack a thread by a student asking about the necessity of more than one "break" in a while loop to lecture about what constitutes pseudo-code and what does not on a non-assignment question. This didn't contribute to the original posters question.Despite that Dr. Chuck's courses are always a real pleasure!
While I found this course a little too easy (as anyone with a fair bit of programming knowledge would, and considering the fact that Python already does most of the heavy lifting for you - anyone who's used a slightly more typical programming language like C/C++ can attest to this) it's important to note the target audience for this course, and I believe for a total beginner this is an amazingly well planned course, with a *very* relaxed schedule.
This course is pretty easy, suitable for beginners, even for the high school students. If you already have some experience in other languages, there is no need to waste your time to take this course. Although it said that about 10 hours is needed to finish this course, I think less than 3 hours is enough. For those who already know other languages, this course is too simple, the homework is easy as well, go pursue other advanced courses!
Overall the course is nice and basically meant for beginners who don't have prior knowledge of python. In this course the references provided are fine and the video lectures are also good and at the most the Instructor is good at explaining concepts. The accent of instructor is good so even if you are not from western countries you can easily understand if you know basic English also you can read subtitles if needed. Happy Learning
This course is very helpful for new beginner to get general understanding and basic knowledge of Python!!If some friendly reminders could be included in the introduction, student could save time without keeping trying time and time again.( For example: some coding platform task can't be remarked as COMPLETED but it will not affect you to finish the course).As a whole, I love this course, and I will keep learning further courses.
This was a great fundamental course. I liked the lectures. The code editor and auto-grader felt lacking as I had some misleading error messages from the auto-grader even with identical output. I had to delete my leading comments to get the auto-grader to accept what was already correct output. The forums helped lead me in the correct direction--listed as indentation errors. This wasn't the problem but I was able to troubleshoot.
It was an awesome experience but the only issue is that when you stuck in any assignment then you will not have any help from university. There must be some contact of teachers who can guide or help the student when he or she stuck in any assignment and could not go further in course and then there exist a deadlock. But apart from that the course was stunning. Thank you coursera, university of michigen and also Prof. Chuk. 😊😊
This course starts off very slow but, picks up the pace near the end. The material presented is clear and easy to understand. I wish it was offered in Python 3 but, the structures are very similar and translate well. I plan on finishing the full specialization and then translating that knowledge into a lesser known language called Julia (which isn't readily offered yet). I definitely recommend this course as a place to start.
The course is excellent of no matter your technical background is. The things are explained slowly and with a very comprehensive details of the codes in the course. This course will certainly help a lot of candidates to start their coding for the first time without common fears associated to coding classes.
A perfect course for first time coders and a perfect language to learn. Loved the classes, loved the pace of the class.
Great introductory course. Examples very procedural but serve purpose. Online grading system downgrades better code (example: use of min function vs if statement) but this is presumably because the exercises were not testing for best solutions but instead for solutions that included the language constructs explained in the previous chapter. Good pace for beginners. Slow for me but I am not intended audience for the course.
Very glad I done this course and very much enjoyed it. Got very hard towards the end, which kept me busy for many hours at a time. Challenging for a beginner, which is good. The only issue I had was that some times I'm not sure we were showed how to string the different things we have learnt together, that's my only criticism. The Assignments took me 'a lot' longer than the specified time.Will take the next 4 courses soon.
Great course. Although the paste of the course was a bit slow for a person who is already familiar with programming languages other than Python, speeding up the sessions solved everything. The only draw back which prevents this course from reaching five stars is the lack of more challenging problems that could have been put in the course as a bonus for those who are after wrestling with codes a bit more. The rest is good.
I learned a lot. I'm a total beginner however, so I found it difficult. Professor Chuck is affable, and if there was one bit of feedback that I know we all should be aware of is our consensus bias or "the curse of knowledge." Some students are not first language English speakers and have absolutely no idea of programming to begin with. Could Professor Chuck make a new "Pre-Beginner Python Course"? I think I needed it ;)
The course moved along at the perfect pace.  If I ever had any questions, the course assistants responded very quickly.The only downside of the course was there really weren't enough exercises.  They don't have to count towards the final course grade.  I feel I wasn't writing enough code to make me feel like I will retain much of what was covered from week to week.  Practice exercises might help entrench the knowledge.
Being a mechanical engineer and having very less coding background I learnt quite many things. The instructor is not at all boring and explains comprehensively. Sometimes he explains the logic as if we are a child but it's also enjoyable. At a few places, I felt that he is showing some unnecessary footage like corporate office visits and all that stuff. Skipping that,  overall its worth to invest for a novice like me.
The course was great. The videos and assignments were clear, well paced, and the forums were useful in getting questions answered. The lecturer made the material easy to understand. I've taken down one star just because I think potentially more ground could have been covered in the course, and the quiz and assignments were quite easy (in other words, could have been more challenging). Great experience overall though!
For me to take any course, the instructor's passion and interest towards teaching the course plays a major role. Dr. Severence's passion towards programming is evident from the first few lectures. When a teacher explains so ardently, how can a student not fall in love with the course? I admire his casual yet rigid method of teaching and recommend this course for anyone who wants to get a basic introduction to Python
This course is a very good place to start learning programming. Although I have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, I still found the delivery style in the course very interesting. It is a great course for someone who is trying to learn how to program. Python, as a language itself is very intuitive and this course helps a new learner understand the basics of programming as well as learn the language easily.
Very Good Descriptive way of teaching Python. Beginners and Other language programmers will get clear understanding of Python and its environment. Every Week one Technocrat interview is Awesome, especially Guido van Rossum interview and his efforts on Python design. Thanks a lot.   On the other side, course can be little bit fast instead of 7 Weeks can be a 4 Weeks course.Looking forward for other Python Modules.
The course is very useful as a good overview to programming with Python and a quick look at some of the basic functions. Is a good introduction for the later Python courses in the series. The first few lectures are a very general introduction to programming as a concept rather than Python specifically so can be skimmed over if you're not completely new to the concept. Overall, a good introduction to the topic.
I really enjoyed the course. Dr. Severance is an excellent instructor. I don't have a background in computer science (I'm a marketing, journalism major from 1991) but I did not feel intimidated as I expected. I had to repeat the lecturers over and over again and refer to forums. I'm not sure if I could write code or follow and complete those exercises by myself without help. I look forward to the next course.
Good intro to content/concepts. After chapter 4, it seems to have picked up pace just a bit fast.Can't say that I am ready to do any programming on my own, still need the clues and book to accomplish something basic. With the following courses, can I expect to become more proficient on what was covered in course 1 or has the ship sailed?Thanks and I would appreciate your feedback.Robertorobertoserrano@msn.com
Good basic introduction to Python. The course should be easy to understand and follow even if you are not a programmer. To top it all Chuck is an amazing teacher full or energy, enthusiasm and knowledge. His love for Python is seen in each and every chapter. I am glad that I took this course on Coursera. Will definitely recommend this to others. Would love to take the advanced part of the course soon.
This course is a basic introduction to python 3 programming and Dr. Chuck is a wonderful instructor. The course can be completed in a matter of few days or a week, depending upon each individual's time constraint, without having any prior programming knowledge. Although, the course could include a few more higher difficulty assignments but otherwise, the course is an apt starting point for beginners.
Despite being slow and the tutor being a tad too gregarious (though I like it), the course really sets a fine foundation for late entrants to coding world. The examples used are often simple or even silly (they do come with that disclaimer) but they make a point to encourage you to try harder stuff on your own. I suggest you try out your own little codes before attempting the session end assignments.
Very good course for programming beginners. Dr Severance makes good use of real-world analogies to explain programming concepts.  I'm somewhat new to Python, but not to programming. I'm interested in the more advanced aspects of the language but decided to take this first course to make sure I didn't miss any critical building blocks.  Good thing, as I didn't know about the try/except construct. :)
I tend to see the lectures on iPad and work exercises on a PC. In some cases the iPad was not synchronized with the data shown on PC. Also the exercises had been updated from previous courses, but the tasks and preferred answers had not been updated correctly. However, it was rather easy to detect and get the correct answer. Otherwise very well presented lessons and reasonable well organized tasks.
The course is well-structured, and the Auto-grader really streamlines the course.I enjoyed Dr. Chuck's explanation and lecturing style very much. I think it is a very good introduction to Python and programming in general.Having said that, I actually already had experience programming with C++ & Java and so it's difficult to provide useful feedback regarding course difficulty.P.S: Love the book!
The class is easy to follow. There are a few lesson that require more explanation and more exercises. I would have love to see more in depth explanation about loops and functions. I found the course to be fun with little amount of  pressure or stress. Prior to the this class, I had not experience with any programming language. I had not problem following and finishing the course ahead of time.
It doesn't seem like a course for complete beginners to me. Mr. Severance explains in the most amazing way the logic behind and the structure of code, but he doesn't explain the most basic commands first (I'm on week 5 now and it gets more complicated and less understood to me). I really enjoy listening to video lessons, but it feels like it would be more useful if I had some basic knowledge.
chapter 4 needs a little work.  I worked all the examples in every chapter before doing the quizzes or even watching the videos.  Chapter 4 was so hard to get anything to work that I only did a few things.  Other than that everything was very good.  More and simpler exercises at smaller intervals would be helpful as well.  I needed a lot more practice than this gave me, but I muddled through.
There should have been more exercises on loops, especially definite ones. We had a couple of exercises on infinite loops but none on definite. Also, there should be a way to practice the code along with Chuck as he gives examples using a short & quick code for more practice. Something like a smaller version of the code tool could be right there along side the video. That would help. Thanks.
The course is helpful to get you started. Start paying careful attention to the details in the video and refer the book by Dr. Chuck. The assignments can get a little tricky as it it takes time to absorb everything in the video. Refer to discussion forums to get an idea. It would be really nice if the course modules went a little more slower into details to help us with the assignments. :)
I loved the course. I have taken multiple classes of python in DataCamp and Udemy. The professor's enthusiasm and I love for the topic was obvious. However, in week 7 there was a big leap in the difficulty of the material, that is why I am giving the class four stars. Its a great beginning course but the degree of difficulty needs to be consistent so that total beginners aren't scared of.
Good course for the basics of Python taught by a very enthusiastic and entertaining instructor. 4 stars instead of 5 only because the assignments go really easy on you, and some of the videos were perhaps a little longer than they needed to be provided the material being explained. Overall, very good course. I would recommend it to anyone new to programming looking to learn about python.
This is fairly simple course the introduces students to the world of Python, without requiring any previous programming knowledge. I enjoyed it especially because it was presented in a clear manner, and the quizzes and assignments really made sure that I had understood all the information that was transmitted. I would have liked, however, that the level of complexity was a bit higher.
Really easy to follow intro to programming in python. I would say that this is really for people who have never programmed before. The material is well written and easy to understand. If you have any programming experience you could probably spend about an hour learning the material presented in this course. Any additional time you spend would really just be practicing with examples.
Good course. Professor is well-spoken and entertaining. I know that answers to quizzes were not posted to prevent cheating, but an explanation of quiz answers after submitting the quiz would have been very helpful for me. Some of the assignments were a bit tricky to figure out, but I felt like I had all the resources to do so. I wish there was an extra tutorial about using Terminal.
I think this would be a very good introduction to anyone starting to learn to program in a new language - Having experience in other languages meant that I was able to skip most of the lectures and complete the quizzes/assignment with a python 'cheat sheet'. Hopefully still a useful background for learning more in-depth python features. Lectures were interesting and well-structured.
this was enjoyable as well as very much new knowledge giving course for me because I ma from a different background. I am a mechanical student but was interested in learning basic concept about programming and python language and this course helped me a lot. thanks to my university VelTech as well as university of Michigan who offered me this opportunity to learn about new things.
Pretty good introductory course into Python -- very interactive and useful videos, assignments, and quizzes. One thing you should note before starting the course is that it is broken up into two parts -- Getting Started with Python (this one) and the Data Structures one. Only thing I'd suggest to the creators is to make more videos and go more in depth as to how to write things.
Great introduction to the language. I'd love to see some more worked examples in the text book (to accompany the exercises), as I've found myself using StackOverflow for much of the time.  Access to the Vodcasts (only recently found these) via iTunes/Prime have also helped a lot whilst travelling outside of WiFi areas. Definitely will be continuing the Specialization from here!
I'd recommend this course for those who are just starting with programming and computer science. This course is geared towards beginners, much of assignments and quizzes are straight forward. I completed this course in two days although you're supposed to normally finish it in 7 weeks. The instructor is very good, his teaching style is very unique compared to others. Good luck
This is a course for complete beginner, but I have some knowledge of python and that why this course is not as helpful as I want. But this course is wonderful and I recommend  this course of my junior.                                                                                                                                                                         Thank you
I was not exactly happy with the method of teaching and its pace. I can code in Java, C/C++ so it was pretty easy for me but I felt that for a new beginer it would be a bit difficult. Although I felt this course is good for someone who knows a bit of programing and wants to start learning python(like me). Otherwise the material and videos were very useful! Thankyou Dr. Chuck!
Very good course to start. I'd wish to have more exercises, though. You could add questions or exercises into the videos, not only the Quiz at the end. Further would be useful to have like 2-3 programming exercises at the end for the audiograder. Compared to other courses it was quite easy to earn this certificate, which on the other hand can be very motivating for beginners.
It was a very interesting course. It is actually an introductory course to Python, well structured and not so difficult to follow for someone who has some experience in programming (like VBA, SQL). The assignments are not very difficult but sometimes tricky (a fruitfull thinking is required).I believe that I fullfiled my goal which was to achieve a first experience in Python.
It's a beautiful course that will give you a good image of how you computer works and how you can make simple programs with Python programming. It would be useful to explain more on the part of how to work with Python program without using your mouse. Anyway you will have fun, learn about programming and it's history and get the bigger picture of programming in a short time.
This is an excellent course for a complete newcomer to programming and the professor has taken great care to address the newcomers. However, I would advise anybody with any programming experience to not take the course. If you have a non python programming background and are learning python, then you can quickly learn some syntax, do all the assignments and clear the course.
Dr. Severance takes students at a nice slow pace through this first course, which for experienced programmers like me can seem too slow at times, but it's a good pace with the premise, "Programming for Everybody," in mind.  I would have like more programming examples, perhaps as non-graded assignments, in place of the lesser-value bonus interviews and Office Hours segments.
Quite good, sometimes the lecture slides spent a little too much time on explaining a basic concept. For example, it probably isn't necessary to repeatedly explain a loop iterating 5 times until the end of the loop. But otherwise the course cleared up a few things that I was having a hard time wrapping my head around with a different crash course I took in another class.
The python code grader is not good enough, in the final assignment, I made a mistake, comparing the input variable with a number, the result didn't show me the error message, instead it showed something (another result but not matching the correct one), which made it hard for me to debug. But, overall, this course is really great and helpful!!!!!! Highly recommend!!!!!
Great course for people who wants to learn how to program. Recommended for everyone. However, i find the final few chapters on loops is harder to grasp and would recommend if there are ways to simply on it. Overall, i had a great experience in completing this. Looking forward to advance further in programming python! Kudos to Mr Charles Severance for the great work! :)
Generally speaking,this is a perfect course.However, I must admit that some improvements could still be done.First of all, as a Chinese student is very hard to connect to the network of coursera. Secondly I hope this course can have a lecture which systematically talk about the type of variables in python instead of just talk about them in different lectures randomly
It is an excellent course to get familiarized with Python coding language. I have finished the 7 week program. Week 1 was a great opening to not just the course but the huge applications of Python and I felt very optimistic that I could learn it. However from the subsequent weeks I started to face difficulties. I stuck with them and that helped me finish the course.
Its a brillent course i had ever learn in my life special thanks to University of Michigan facilated such a nice course to students which able to push next level of a student skills.Love you faculties who teaching a course a new way which easily attract the students concentration.LOVE YOU & THANK YOU each and everyone.Special thanks to Coursera.Thank you,Take care.
This course is really important for students, teachers, and hobbyists who are passionate about programming, Python and A.I. domain. I also advise you to complete the specialization program so as to enhance your knowledge. Finally, I am grateful for this amazing course given by Dr.Chuck and I thank Coursera for giving us this crucial opportunity to learn and thrive.
4/5, great class but I have to say that in the lectures, the professor claims that we should have absolutely mastery over every concept we learn for each successive course, however the class is structured in such a way as to rush us through every new concept instead of lingering to master it. This is a great intro class but it will take more to master the concepts.
It is really a good course for those who have never write any program in any language before. The people who have some programming skills and a lil bit programming experience, may find it very basic.  But for the beginners its good to start with Python, but few assignments seem to be harder for the early learners. Anyway, I will recommend it to non-programmers!
In my opinion, this course could be more helpful if instructor would spend 5 minutes explaining all major syntax used in python before jumping directly to programming functions and loops. I had troubles running my program because I didn't know enough about the syntax. He did a very good job in explaining the logics of the functions and loops. I'd rate 4 stars.
Amazing Introductory course for Python. This course covered basics in the best way with clear explanation and  a touch of general tips on programming also. Looking forward to complete the specialization. The only thing that I missed is that course was way more slowly covered than expected but still one of the few masterpieces for Beginners! Thanks Dr. Chuck!
I'm a hard reviewer meaning that I reserve 5 stars for something mind-blowing. This is a great course. It's slow enough for the majority of learners and thus makes python accessible to a vast number of people. Hopefully by completing this course, you'll have the confidence to get much deeper which is exactly what anyone can expect out an introductory course!
Goes over the fundamental basics of programming quite well.One area for improvement would be more exercises and assignments. Students at this stage in beginning programming could always use more smaller exercises to solidify knowledge. Although it would seem pointless to experienced programmers coming from other languages, I think it would benefit beginners.
I struggled with this module to be honest. Coding is very new to me and I feel that key steps were missed at the start of it. I am still going to continue with subsequesnt modules but I am going to acquire alternative resources to help and give a different perspective. I don't think I would have got through this module with out the help of my 'class mates'
I really enjoyed this course. The teacher explained everything so easy and professionally that I think now I have achieved my goals. Nevertheless I want to criticize about the functions section because I think there was a lot of information transferred in a short time video. So, it would be perfect if you add more explanation and as well as more examples.
It's been an amazing class. The instructor is super funny and intelligent. I admire him. However, the labs...the assignments section is really cranky. It doesn't create room for flexibility. Most times I'd want to spice up my code, but I get and error cos there is a guide line it insists I follow. Aside this, it's an amazing course. I'm on to the next!!!
Very good video courses! Easy to follow and nicely divided in different videos not to make it too long. However, the revision exercises of the chapter are usually to easy and straightforward and sometimes there are some interactive exercises missing, where you see the explanation video of how to solve it, but not the exercise itself. Overall, very good.
Thought the course was really good.  Only thing is that I needed the help of a tutor to get though it.  There were parts where, esp. during homework assignments, I needed outside help to figure out how to write the script, etc...  Overall great learning experience, though.  Thanks so much for making the course.  I will continue with the specialization.
The instructor is just amazing and explains everything in a very easily understandable way. The contents are nice too. The only problem I have with this course is that whenever I give a quiz, after finishing it, the answers are gone. There is no feedback. If the answers and explanations were there, it would be a little bit less hassle to understand.
This course was amazing!!I previously had taken Python course from other university from an other website.It was very difficult and lost interest since it was first time I was dealing with python and the difficulty level was too much for a fresher to Python. But this was easy yet interesting as well :) and I am very happyThank you Charles Sir !!! :)
The course covers the very basic fundamentals of programming and how to implement it within python environment. From that point of view, it's perfect for people who are taking their first steps in programming. I expected it to be a little bit more specific and to go deeper into the matter, but I hope it could be better treated in following courses.
For people who have no prior knowledge on programming, this is definitely a MUST-DO course!!I found Prof.Chuck’s explanations to be very understandable. He was good at teaching with humor coming btw so that it was never like a boring programming class but a very interesting one.Thanks Dr.Chuck, I enjoyed the course because of your teaching style!
The course was very clear and easy to understand. I love how Charles explains everything. However, I do agree with someone's comment I read on class central that an IDE might be a better choice than a text editor like Atom as learning how to debug line by line using an IDE will be very useful especially for someone completely new to programming.
The course is a very good one for beginners in both programming and Python.The teacher is engaging and easily understood, and the material is good.The course could do with a more systematized "homework" system in addition to the quizzes and assessments, but a well-organized student has all the elements to do additional work by himself if needed.
I liked the course. It really is a true beginners' class. I think the instructor taught well with good examples illustrating each point. I deducted a point because the exercises were too easy and there weren't enough of them. I understand that it's not easy to come up with a good grading system, but the grading system definitely could be better.
Good course. Well explained, power points are great. Dr. Chuck explains many things in a simple way. It´s necessary some more attention about new things which is not explained in the videos. I found in some place something like that "list [0]" and could not understand at first time. Then lost time searching around... Thanks guys. You're great.
I really enjoyed this course and felt like I actually learned the material.  The only reason I didn't give this course 5 stars, is that due to the issue of giving away the answers to quiz questions, there were a couple of quiz questions that I couldn't understand and unfortunately still don't.  I think this is an area that could be improved.
It was really good experience while completing this course ,even i was knowing few things i love the way of explaining things and cleared few doubts as well .Only problem was ,while the assignment i was not having enough test cases to understand the problem statement .over all enjoyed completing this course and pumped up for the part two !!
Excellent course for learning the very basics of Python.  The class was well organized and easy to understand.  I liked the exercises.  They were a bit challenging in the end.  My only negative thing to say is that I hope they are able to update the time it takes to grade assignments on the server.   I can't wait to take the next course!
Great instructor who can deliver the concepts in a very clear and simple way and i would recommend more exercises in the book and more comprehensive reading materials which can act as a guidelines later in my career if i needed helpOverall it`s a great course for beginners who knows very little about programming but did not code before
The best course to learn the basics of python. If you have a interest in python and you want to learn the basics of python, this course will be very helpful. Instructor is very helpful and his method of conveying concepts is also very nice. So I suggest you to complete the certification to get enough basic knowledge of python. Thanks
Hi everyone, I'm from Italy and I've followed this course online. I've to say it's well made and the course is structured really well. The teacher/professor is really good and easy to follow. The didactic programm is well explained. To sum up, it's a good choice for everyone would start programming in python. I recommend this course.
This course gave me a basic understanding of Python. The basics are covered really well and probably one of the best courses for a beginner who does have a background in Programming. I personally would have liked this course to have a little more content than what is given but nevertheless, this is a great course. Thank you so much.
Dr. Severance put in lot of efforts to make python easy for all the learners.This Course is about the basics of python. If you are a beginner, you will learn a lot of concepts very easily. For people who have a bit of programming knowledge in other languages, this will help in learning the syntax.Overall a good course to go through.
Having a decent background in programming, I could clearly understand Dr Chuck's explanations.But, for the laymen amongst us, the explanations can be a tad better.Also, the PY4E tool wasn't too helpful when faced with an error.And I also feel that the difficulty of the questions provided in the quizzes should be increased slightly.
It is a good course for those who have little or no experience in programming, and the instructor makes it interesting with his mode of teaching.However, the course is at times a bit slow, and sometimes repeats topics or explains a basic concept a bit too detailed, making it difficult for those who want to rush through the course.
Course content very well structured and well taught. I have some bit of background with programming languages such as Java, C/C++ and PHP. I started learning Python but never progressed as I found it to simple but after learning it I understand that it is one programming language everyone should start with. Strongly recommend it.
I have really enjoyed learning this. If you pay attention to the lectures and take notes, it is quite possible to learn it well. I struggled with a few responses, as I did not feel the teaching was helping me learn the mistakes and spot it before I put in the wrong code. Overall, though, it was a perfect way to learn this course.
Dr. Chuck is a great professor who makes learning Python fun. I thought I was just one of those people who couldn't learn a computer programming language because my brain didn't work that way, well I was wrong. This class was very interesting and I learned a lot! I can't wait to take the remaining courses in the specialization!
Good but not the best, the reason because one star is missing above is lake of home works I've got. Programming is something that you should practice practise and once more practice, otherwise the knowledge you got will disappear soon. So I would suggest to push people even more 2-4 hours and as a minimum double the home works.
Very Nice interface, Mobile friendly, Just for writing coding assignments I had to use laptop. If App supported the same, It would have been more convenient. While course syllabus is direct and gives one idea of applying teaching for practical purpose, which is good right. And Faculty is nice, explains the concept in easy way.
I truly believe that this is the right platform to start learning python from its very beginning, I learned a lot of things and sir CHARLES is very humble, but I think this course should have topics like 'array, list, dictionaries'. In essence, I have learned a lot about python from its very first beginning.Thank You COURSERA
It's no doubt an easy to understand course for beginners who don't know anything about python before, it introduced a new world to me within 7 weeks and I really appreciate it. Thanks to Professor Severance for his humorous and clear way of teaching. I 'll definitely recommend the course to anyone who is interested in python.
This is a good course for beginners I like how the use of Python is explained at the beginning. I did not give this 5 stars because I feel that more differentiation is needed in the delivery of python. It took me a while to understand some of the concepts and I did not think that I got everything correct even though I passed.
This course is great and really suitable for the students who never do the code related things. However, if you are a student who have learned C/java or other software, it maybe too basic for you. By the way, I really like professor Chuck, he vividly illustrate the definition of the computer with humor. I enjoy this course.
This is the ideal course for the person who is starting with Python, also almost 45% of the global development is done in python hence I recommend you take it. It is worth taking.Interviews are really good that I haven't found in any other e-course which really motivated me hence I believe those videos should be increased.
The instructor is the best i have ever seen, i just have an issue with the video length. Though it looked scary to look at the length, but when i got into the lecture, i saw the amazing guy is saying funny stuff and enjoying. That is what a programmer needs. After all, it would be good it the video length gets bit shorter
I think this was a great intro to programming in Python.  I like the videos and how easy they are to relate.  I wish there were more code examples to look at though as some areas I looked at files in code3 packets, but if they did not have the specific code that I was looking for an example for I turned to google to find.
The last assignment is the summary of  former knowledges and it is a good design, but its difficulty increases suddenly, as everyone sees the strongly increased nummer of the question in the 7st forum. I think step by step is better, namely the summary starts earlier.  All in all this is a goog course and worth listening.
The course was excellent and the videos helped you step by step. The only reason it might be a bit irritating is because the auto-graders sometimes can be a bit too specific, and sometimes when you get stuck on something, you have no way to get some help. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this course to other users.
This course is really helpful for amateurs in python. In addition to that professor will elicit some basic fundamentals of coding which certainly help the beginners. He demonstrates various basic concepts related to programming and in overall this course will help you in logical understanding and interpretation of python.
I really liked this course but I think it was too soft, I mean, I think we spent a lot of time talking about of algorithmia like loops and so on, and these concepts are universal to all programming languages. Instead of it, we could spend more time, talking about python syntax. Nonetheless I enjoied learn python with you.
For those absolutely new to programming, this course covers the core foundations of programming and is taught in a very approachable fashion. I was pleased to see there was an introduction into what is occurring "under the covers" - solid intro to CPU, Memory, peripherals and how programs/software utilize these resources.
Awesome course! My only critic is that I would have hoped to be challenged a little more. Although I do have rather extensive knowledge in programming prior to actually taking the course, just took it for a refresher. It refreshed me wonderfully. The instructor was fantastic and I would recommend to another user. Thanks!
Some things I had to go outside of the course to learn in order to complete the graded assignments.  Maybe it would have been different if I had purchased the book.  Overall, professor is engaging and obviously passionate about teaching, however, the scribbling all over the slides has a net effect of causing confusion.
I felt that basic introductions with Lists, touple, etc were missing and also if someone is starting from scratch some assignment may be troublesome for them, i.e I have used "and" reserve word in one of my assignment which was not demonstrated in this course, but overall this is one of the best things, to begin with.
The course was very helpful and provided basic knowledge of Python. However, a more personalized approach for the instructors to help students with problems will be very beneficial rather than the discussion forum were responses may be vague and not directly help clarify difficulties. Overall, it was a good course!
Really compact and interesting course...enjoyed a lot while learning..as the name suggests this course can be learned by anyone easily without any programming background..really a good work professor Charles...One suggestion is can include more workout problems as bonus as this would give more hands on programming
I like this course. It helps me to understand the basic concept of Python. Also, It was very difficult for me to write the code at the initial level. But after completion, I'm pretty much confident that I can at least write some basic code. The tough part for me to write week 6 code so I still need to work on it.
I love this course, because it is so great, and explains everything very well, and has made me like programming. The only thing I don't like is that I can't submit or do any assignments, which is a bit annoying. But otherwise, it is a great course, and I recommend it to others who would like to learn programming.
This was pretty much a basic course but I loved it because of its simplicity and kind of childish introduction to each topic which others are teaching as a professionals. Dr. Chuck is best of all. One complain still having that this course don't include object oriented programming which would have of great help.
Very well described and worked through. Good pace and detail. Only thing I didn't like was the friction between using the autograder and running python scripts outside of Coursera. Struggled to get that part working and didn't find enough explanation on making that part work. Otherwise great and thank you Chuck!
Taking Python basics has really helped me gain confidence to take over so many programming challenges. It's a must join course for the people who want to deep dive into the world of Python. I really loving this course very much. I wanna explore more hence opting for other parts of this specialization. THANK YOU
Maybe the lecturer can provide more details about some concepts because sometimes I make mistakes in the exercise and I want to turn back to the lecture to find anything helpful but I can't. (Also, it might be my problem so that I miss something important anyway. LOL)Anyway, this course is really recommended.
Nice course to start with python one I like the instructor way of teaching from basic to higher level nice amount of questions and good practicing quizzes which maintain flow of course I would recommend this course who is new to  programming specifically python and want to explore dimensioning view of python
Hello - It was a great course and learn a lot as a beginner. The course can be more interesting and easy to learn if professor run some examples in compiler other than slides. it will help to see how all the commands are working. Other than it was great and I am excited to move on to second course. Thank you
A nice first course on Python. Even though I have experience on Python before, the instructor explains the concepts in a very clear and easy-to-understand way, which gives you more insight about the basics. The programming exercises are relatively easy. Highly recommended if you are completely new to Python.
Generally a very good course. Some of the very simple things seemed to be explained in far more detail than necessary, but then other more difficult area, were breezed through rapidly. Although of course it is always possible to track back through the videos or pause them until you've got your head round it.
I really needed help and I felt like all the other students had responses. Not one TA helped me. Thank god for classmates. I realize MOOCS are enormous for class size, but when a student is "begging" for help, someone with your team should respond.  That's my only complaint. Otherwise, a great introduction.
The course provides a good understanding of the basics of the coding language- Python. The instructor did a fabulous job in making it a learning and fun experience at the same time for students.I'd recommend adding more coding based exercises or practice questions to understand its practical use.Thank you.
I dunno, is it acceptable from my side ot not, but everything was very easy. It's basics of the basics. I'd like to put 5 stars, because mr. Severence is a nice teacher, but there is some mismamtches is videos and assignments, that looks like carelessness. And, again, very easy material. Will go further.
This course will teach the basics of Python and also basics of programming to those who doesn't even know about programming. Those who want to learn python language must start with this course. It was not so tough and easy to understand. Thanks to coursera and University of Michigan for the opportunity.
The course was good for a beginner to programming, but maybe not exactly what I was looking for, as I had done a lot of programming prior, and didn't need the computer concepts pieces. But it did allow me to fast forward, just to pick up the basic syntax, learn how to download the software and execute.
not so difficult, suitable for beginners. if you just remember your knowladge you can go through prejects. keep in mind that python actually begin after fitht course with your own project!!!! don't leave course after only first course. never. complate all courses. than use python for whatever you want.
The course is very good for beginners, even those who have no prior programming experience.The subject material covers the basics of python scripts. Both the instructors are excellent especially Mr. Charles R. Severance whose teaching style is very interesting and fun which keeps the learner engaged.
Everything related to course is good except the autograder.when I type a code in autograder ,it is showing an error .But when I type the same code in atom and copy - paste the same code in autograder ,it works perfectly .It is the only drawback that I've found in the course and the rest is perfect .
Excellent course overall. I very much like Dr. Charles Severence's explanations of the material. He's very methodical and keeps the material interesting. The only gripe that I have is the auto-grader for the code. It is fickle and gives odd errors sometimes, causing a student to dedicate undue time.
This is my first experience with an online training program. I found that the way the course to be very well structures and well documented to allow for learning and assimilatopn of the subject. Dr Charles make this stimulating and motivating to go deeper and make the whole thing fun and productive.
Excellent course for introductory python programming. The lecturer is amazing. So much so that the extra study material becomes unnecessary. Also the external tool used for evaluating works like a dream! I personally loved the course so I ended up completing the course within 24 hours of enrolling.
You won't snooze, this I can promise. Professor Charles does everything one possibly can to make the lectures interesting and still manages who get across all the important stuff. It was a great learning experience for me. It's especially good if you don't have a lot of time to learn this language.
Good course for beginners. Has a few exercises, more could be added. The level of the course is very basic(just what the name says). Overall it was a fun course, I leaned a lot about Python and its syntax, looking forward to learning more python in the days to come.Thanks for creating this course!
This is my first time learning programming and the course helps me to develop confident that programming is not as difficult as I thought. Both the lecture videos and the free textbook are interesting and easy to understand. But it would be even better if more exercises are provided for practice.
Course content is good and Charles is quite engaging and explains the basics of programming.it's awesome for the people who are pretty new to the programming world as the title says.Assignments are easy, i believe there should be more assignments from level easy to hard.Thank you so much Charles.
The course is a good introduction to Python and programming. I wanted a little better review on some more Python syntax as that can be a hold up for beginners (me), and I had to reference some google searches to get it right at times. Otherwise the pace is fair and the material is well described.
Lovely except that there is no way to communicate with the moderators/staff members unless they notice your thread in one of the discussion forums. Maybe there is a way to talk to them, but i am not aware of it. Other than that, it was a wonderful experience [except for doing exercise 5.2 haha]!
Overall I found the quality and instruction of this course good. As someone who has 0 programming and very poor math skills, I would have liked a bit more instruction with the assignments as they were very particular in terms of your input though the forums were generally helpful in that regard.
I am very much obliged to Coursera and the team. They provide the course Programming for Everybody(Getting Started with Python), with the help of this course, I have learned the basics of python programming and also obliged to Mr. Dr. Chuck. I am saying once again thanks Coursera and the team.
Great way to start python programming. And seriously, I am in love with the Professor Charles Severance(Professor Snape) and his way of teaching!! That's Amazing. I started this course because it was asked in my college to do that , but ended up falling in love with programming. Thanks a lot!
This was great course. The instructor taught really well. He made it seem easy for a person who didn't had any knowledge regarding programming.The only thing that can be improved is that if this course also provide some extra practice questions so that a learner can gets confident in a topic.
The lessons are in general very good, the teacher knows how to teach, but it started very slowly, and then the pace picked up very much at once, without the feeling for a transition. I was glad that I had some prior programming experience in school, so I managed to pick it up after rewatching
Overall good course. Only thing was that there were a few of the things that we learned that I didn't feel were included in assignments, so didn't get as much practice as I would of liked trying the programming language. But would still highly recommended and very excited for the next course!
Very good course, perfect for beginners. I had some previous knowledge so found it a little slow, but just powered on with the python informatics, which has a better pace than the course. I'll probably rely more on the course videos going forward though as I venture deeper in to the language.
The professor is soo awesome. Python looks easy to understand when compared with other programming languages.  In this course I have learned the basics of python programming language. For people with no programming experience can take a step to learn python as it is soo simple to understand.
A very good course for beginners, especially those who have not programmed anything before.If you have prior experience in programming and not aiming for the Specialization, you can just skip ahead ;)Just one note: if you're really enthusiastic, all the content here won't be enough for you!
Great introductory course to programming and python! Very clear, precise and engaging video lectures. It would be nice to have more assignments (could be optional) with progressing difficulty levels in order for students to manage how challenging each course gets. Overall, excelent course.
Great introduction but very quick for those with some background in basic coding or previous trials of coding classes.  Would appreciate additional optional exercises within each week even if not for grade but for additional practice using the basic building blocks for the courses to come.
Chuck is an entertaining, very knowledgeable guy and this course is great. The exercises aren't always as clear as I would like. Maybe more comments in the code presented in the exercises themselves could help clarify. I have and would recommend this course to anyone interested in coding.
Solid course for getting started with Python, and programming in general. I thought some concepts were explained a little too much, so the videos could have been shorter. But better to over explain, than summarize and leave people wondering. I'll be continuing the Python courses for sure!
Great for beginners. I am already a programmer and wanted to learn python. I breezed through this in a day but it is exactly what a beginner needs. I only took off a star because it should be noted that this material is barely two weeks in a programming 101 class. There needs to be more.
Covers the most important topics of python which includes loops.Explained very elaborately.Missed out on key topics like Database using Python.But the tutor was very well versed and knowledgeable.And he also had a very good sense of humour and kept the session lively as much as possible.
This lecturer is really a cool guy! I wish my professor teaches me like this. The course is really easy and non-tech learner friendly too (because it's for everybody). I looking forward to more of your harder courses instead of starter courses. I considered this course is a good start.
The teacher is explaining the basics of the language very well. My only issue was that he was a bit too slow for me at times, making me skip ahead. Looks like he's going on long detail to help students who have never programmed, but for those who have some experience it can be tedious.
The course was very great and I recommend taking this course if your very beginner and it will help you learn about python programming and practice online about python. The only problem I had is that it's very basic and I wanted something that will help me understand python very well.
Overall a good course. It woud be great if there were optional "assignments" (or just extra assignments) that provide more practice coding. True, we can do this on our own, but it is useful to be guided through assignments toward developing smart code that provides the desired result.
This was the good python course which can be helpful for each and everyone whether he know or don"t know about the language before taking this course.The instructor lectures are excellent.The course teaches how to deal with the problem design algorithm and code it in python language.
Wish there were more assignments per chapter to test knowledge / reinforce topics introduced. Otherwise, a great course for beginners interested in data science. *Note this class is data science orientated. There are other Coursera courses if you're interested in computational logic.
Professor is clear, interesting and enjoyable to listen to. Learned a lot, the class can definitely be completed within a week but he is concise. Star taken off due to lack of serious challenge but I would definitely recommend this to someone learning programming for the first time!!
It took a lot of searching to find a course that went over the basics of computer science while trying to teach a language and I think this is the best bang for your buck. I knew next to nothing and now I think I at least have the vocabulary to start another language if I so choose.
It was an over-whelming experience to get equipped knowledge and an breif idea on Python.The only thing was the last assignment was a bit difficult to understand. So, it should have a brief exercise in the next part after the assgnment.Thanks to University of Michigan & Coursera!!!
I've struggled in the past trying to learn a programming language.  This course gave me a solid foundation to take that learning to the next level.  It spelled out the basics and gave me confidence to continue.  I'd recommend that anyone who is new to programming take this course.
The course overal is really good. Mr. Severance is explaining things very understandable. I have just a problem with assignments that they teach us 1+1 but exam is like 1 + x (7/2). And I don't know if I am dumb or I am long time out of school so I am not used to that anymore :DD
I recommend this class especially for beginners. If you are good with coding in other languages and want to learn Python you can skip to chapter 3 or 4. If you are new to computers and how programming works, I definitely recommend watching all the courses. (My experiences based)
The Program was great but one issue which need to rectify is to include complete hand-on video tutorial in atom or any text editor in an organised way so that we can see how to process each step. The course has provided the book and slides which don't help when we finally code.
Great introduction to the basic building blocks of programming.  I've "stared learning" so many different programming languages, and this course had me watching every video just-in-case there was some nugget of wisdom to be gleaned.  And there was always a nugget to be gleaned.
good course, topics were well explained by professor.  Videos and quizzes played well.  Had some hang-ups with the text editor on the assignments, the text would not always be entered in the line the cursor was on.  But it works fine if you just paste in from a separate editor.
While the videos are optional the virtual office hours are unnecessary.  If the instructor were to film some of the q&a at these sessions they would be a nice addition, but as is  we watch a few minutes of people introducing themselves in a foreign country.Overall nice course.
This has been a great experience to revise python that I had learnt before but I think there are some critical points that I learnt new through this course, I just think that the autograde tool needs a bit more improvements, all thanks to Prof. Severance for his great efforts
I feel there could have been more assignments (and perhaps ones that start from scratch).  I personally felt having more [forced] practice would be good.  As we only wrote code to apply each concept maybe once, and even these applications  were already half worked out for us.
Concepts on lambda and more built in functions could be covered. The course was very awesome not just a monotonous series of videos on python, a broad exposure to the establishment of Raspberry pi, Coursera, Python and so on made this course more informational. Thank you! :)
Well. what to say about Dr. chuck.!!!We need more online and especially offline instructors like you. I was wondering whether being a Mechanical student, working out on computer languages wouldn't be my cup of tea. well guess what you made me change my mind.Thank you sir :)
The course is really great even for beginners, Our Teacher Dr. Chuck really explains in very simple way and more importantly the forum is really helpful if you get any problem in completing your assignment.Special thanks to Mihaela Mack for helping me in my last assignment.
Though I had moderate knowledge of coding before hand (arduino, a bit of C++, a bit of JS) this course slid me into the world of Python, and clarified some things I had not known before. Great course, I would recommend to anyone looking to learn Python or coding in general.
This is a very fun course, and
 the free textbook is simply incredible. Very good introduction to basic
 programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background - but still extremely useful to quickly and efficiently learn python basics.
Thank you Dr. Chuck. You are an amazing teacher. I not only learn this course but enjoy it also. You teach us in a very simple manner. I am very glad to learn Python from you. Thanks a lot, Sir! Thank you Coursera for providing me this amazing platform to learn new things.
The theory was excellent. But more of coding could have been done I believe. Being from a non comp background i found it a bit hard but yes in course of time it was fun. though few things are still off but will catch up eventually with further practices. Thank you Coursera
I knew a little bit about python before taking this course, but consider myself a beginner. The class was a little bit too easy for my liking. But I know this is the beginning of a five part class, which will get progressively in depth. I look forward to the other courses!
A good introductory course for python, this course does a good job. But I believe that some of the topics can do a better job my including more details- like functions and some other topics should involve more details- to give a better all-round knowledge to the students.
It's a nice course........The best part is your teaching style sir.......the way you teach,such as you draw lines digitaly,,,,over the slides.......tell us which value goes where.........that makes me understand well.....Thank You.....Sir.....I had a wonderful experience
It was a great course. Though I found it quite easy as I am from a computer science background. I hoped to learn a little bit of complex functions and about arrays in this course. But overall the experience was great and the instructor was too good to clarify everything.
A good fundamental intro to Python, useful when coming from zero programming background like myself. However, there could probably be more content squeezed into this course.  As it is, it could be completed in days, not weeks, even with just a modest amount of free time.
I really enjoy Prof Severances approach to topics like a function. I read the entirely of the Beginning Python by O'reilly and until Charles explained a function I was lost.  I did hope to have more quizzes and excercises but that might just be how Coursera does things.
Straight-to-the-point yet fun lectures. Slow and easy pace at the start for appreciation, but gradually becomes more challenging towards the end to force you to learn hands-on coding, In my opinion, the best part is the python coding tool used in the coding assignments.
This course is good for to learn and start basic python programming. But during this course i felt that this course will be difficult for people who does not have any programming knowledge or background because some things/programs/concepts are not explained that well.
python for everybody is literally for everybody! i loved the way prof. severance conducted this class with humor and enthusiasm.though a background in c helped me grasp python quickly,i would recommend people to consider taking this course if they wish to learn python.
This is a really good beginner course. There are a few issues with the web-based python IDE/Interpreter. I found it to sometimes fail to run correct code. (I was actually a Python tutor for about 2 years.) Overall though, I stlll think it is a good entry level course.
Great, very easy for beginner. My only problem was with last exercise because I didn't understand very clearly how to get the program to find out min and max numbers. Video and book don't explain that part very clearly. But everything else is just fantastic.Thank you.
Very great idea! This is the era of internet and communication and in this way I believe that you are making a great contribution to the educational equality. As it is for this specific computer language (python) as it is a free source program.Thanks, Amir Reza Fahami
I was expecting this course to be very good,But,  after completing it i am realising that it only covers some basic fundamentals .This was not expected from coursera .This course should be more detailed and stick to the fundamental concepts as it is python language.
The professor is easy to follow and explains concepts in a way that appeals to non-programmers. The tasks were fairly challenging with no help or tips given. It helped me think independently to solve problems that I encountered while constructing and executing code.
The course is well structured and has good information and worthwhile assignments. However, it is really geared toward people who have little to no programming experience, not to people who know other languages but have little to no programming experience in Python.
I think sometimes it got very confusing some of the examples being the exact same from chapter to chapter.  It was nice having a ground for it but i started to question why would you use this method instead of the one we used before for hours and rate specifically.
I thought the class was good, although if you are already an experienced programmer (like me), I suggest that you do a quick review of the python documentation to understand python syntax, then simply complete each assignment rather than sitting through the videos.
great material and course structure, a bit basic also for me that I never did serious Python programming, but I have C language basics.I went thru it in few days, so I can start second course and get deeper knowledge: it has been a kind of level-verification test.
Content and assignments were a little disjointed at times, but forced me to think through the problem which likely has resulted in a more organic understanding even if I can't necessarily articulate the concepts. Interested in continuing to see if this holds true.
It's a great course for a beginner indeed, but also for an intermediate. Although would really like coursera to have an independent chat for the course you'd be studying, instead of using external resources to reach other students or study groups. Overall, great!
The teacher teach python in a easy way. and he use many interesting example to explain it.You can only take 1-2 hours to finish the videos and assignments every week.I'm a little confused about the video of office hour.Recommend everyone who want to learn python!
Good foundation course for beginners. The instructor is the life of this course and has done a brilliant job. Can be made a bit more challenging with the assumption that most participants have some kind of programming background. But overall great course. Thanks.
Lessons are easy to follow. Assignments can be a little confusing sometimes but overall they are good at encompassing all that you've learned and building on the previous weeks. I definitely recommend this course to anyone thinking about getting into programming.
After struggling to complete this course because of a couple of exercises, I'm rating 4 mainly because of the tone of some conversations. Videos are good, examples are great and they take you step by step, specially if you don't have computer science background.
Very good beginning for learning Python.  Instructor does a great job keeping you engaged in the subject matter.  The assignments are great and build upon topics taught in the course.  I would recommend this course to a person beginning their journey in Python.
As an junior Java developer this course was extremely easy for me, understandably. For anyone else this course provides a great insight into programming, has many resources to get your started and on the plus side the instructor is a complete joy to learn from.
It was an easy course for me as I was already familiar with other programming languages. This course is recommended for the starter! Only the basic parts of python are discussed here. There is another part of this course which I will gladly take to learn more.
The course was very easy to follow and very engaging in terms of content as well as the small sized videos and assignments. However, it would be better if it had better quizzes and more assignments. Overall, it is almost perfect for a complete beginner. Thanks
Coursera is a great site for learning and understanding any type of topics for various programming languages. There are lots of topic which you can learn on it. Then Easy understanding for beginners level programmers as soon as to create various applications.
It's a good course for student without programming experience, but also a good introduction course for student having programming experience and want to learn about python.I think it's a good start for me.The video of office hour and interview is quite good.
I love the enthusiasm of the professor  and the material he covered. This would be very good for complete beginner to programming, but may make you feel little slow for people migrating from other languages like C/C+ etc.Overall, i enjoyed the course. Thanks
It was good overall and the instructor keeps learning interesting however, the exercises do not build on each other and the final exercise was a bit difficult due to the lack of material thus outside material was required for me. This is my personal opinion
It's better to use IDE rather than the online tool for assignment. It's too difficult to code there. I tried to copy my code from Spyder to the tool, sometimes it does not work very well. Maybe it's better to come up with a better method to grade assignment
Charles does his best to explain programming form the very basics. It can be a bit tiresome for people with experience but a great start for beginners and I guess, as preparation for the next courses in this specialisation that I look forward to undertake.
A good decent course. Very good for beginners. Makes good foundation of programming in beginners. Instructor teaches well. Person taking this course should not just stop here but also take next courses in python because it a basic concept building course.
It started very very slow, I guess that's good for really really beginners. I've never programmed before, but I am a excel heavy user so the first logics are kind of the same. The last 2 weeks were pretty interesting and I can't wait to start next course!
Dear instructor, Thanks for making me to learn the basic programming of python easily. The assignments, videos, and bonus chapters were really helpful. I know have a basic knowledge in python programming. Thanks for making my learning fun and productive.
This course is very helpful for the beginners,Python was new for me,everything was perfect and understandable.The main thing to remember is Syntax,without knowing the syntax we can't code.Everyone can take the advantage of Coursera for further Courses...
I think it is a bit simple for those with other language programming skills. This course is mainly for those who haven't learnt a language yet. However, i'm convinced this course has been very informative which taught me a lot other than the main course.
I really loved the way that Dr Chuck explained very clearly as I am pretty new to programming.  I've only taken an HTML course and learned a bit of Basic and CShell in the past.  I'm excited to take more courses and add programming to my work experience!
Everything is amazing and easy-to-learn. Just a suggestion- starting few lectures are far more basic then they are required to be. Just wind them up little soon so that the student can proceed to next course sooner. Thanks for the Course 1 by the way :)
Amazing instructor, with short and objective lessons, enough to keep attention and trigger interest to continue. Still far from my real need to learn Python, but starting from not even having an idea of how to install Python, this is a great beginning.
Great introduction to Python! I do feel like I still need more of a foundation though, there we some assignments I don't think I really grasped reasons WHY the code was correct, just the how to do it... guess I'm moving on to the next course then! :-)
The thing I liked most about the class was not just the great lessons and the very helpful staff but the one simple and very critical lesson of the importance of house keeping ( folder and file management) of programs. Thanks Dr. Severance and staff.
Great course to begin your python journey. Assessments were relatively tougher than what instructor teaches, but you're provided with a lot of online self study material. So its a trade-off between the speed of the course and challenging assessments.
I would have liked more practice assignments that we could have the auto-grader check to use ALL the skills learned. Also - I was confused how to the use book in conjunction with this course, maybe more explanation on how to access and use the book.
it is very easy to start with if you have zero background about programming the prof is great uses a lot of examples which makes you could understand a lot of things ....... but If you have already a background it's very poor and superficial for you
Good for the beginner who knows nothing about programming and just have litter knowledge about basic components of computer. This course is not recommended for IT professionals, may be other courses in this specialization may be effective for them.
Introductions are always awkward, but this material is very approachable and presented in a way that is clear to understand and apply to future projects. You should check it out if you have no background in the field and want to get more involved.
Good intro, I think it could be more challenging but I assume that is coming in further courses. I also have program experience so it might be different for someone with 0 programming experience. Overall solid lectures and good assignments though.
I really like this course a lot! The teacher is very good. But I didn't like that there were very few exercises to do, I expected that the course would have a lot more. Nevertheless I'd recommend it to everyone who wants to start in programming.
Dr Severance is a great teacher, very engaging. Would have liked some more basic explanation on navigating the terminal at the beginning of the course and perhaps not so much time spent over explaining certain concepts at the end of the course.
It is a good course to understand python. The instructor was clear and on the point. It would have been better if object oriented programming was present in this course. Finally, I am now skilled in Basic Python.Thanks to coursera and the team.
Nicely structured Videos. Content is good. Teaching method is really good. During assignment it would be helpful if hints are provided after the success or failure of the assignment. Not at the time of the assignment especially in case of MCQs.
Really good course, very clear and well put together. If you have some previous coding experience, you might find the pace a bit slow, but the slides are very good also and it's really great that Dr Chuck has made the textbook freely available.
more focus should be paid on explaining the topics and practising of questions. this course is not good for beginners of python. anyone who has watched any video on python on youtube or has attended some classes can only understand this course
During learn  this coursera course  i had enjoyed  .Concept is very clear and informative.Some topics  is missing in this course of python but those  topics which coverd by guider  is very  clear. i Had learned alot during this course leaning.
So far so good. A bit on the slow side, but this is understandable as it is an intro course. Dr Chuck certainly has the energy and enthusiasm to make an intro programming course very very engaging and fun. Looking forward to the next level up!
Explanations are mostly clear - I like the examples, and the assignments have appropriate challenge to them. Less one star because it's not as detailed as I would have liked, but still a very good course that could be completed in a few days.
Very basic for anyone with some programming experience, but great for those without any. The analogies explaining how computers and programming languages work are really top notch. If you don't get it this way, you won't get it any other way.
I recommend this course to those who totally do not have any experience in programming. Otherwise, it is too simply to follow the lecture step by step. All the programming language are quite similar at the first beginning, like matlab or C++.
professor chuck is very humorous and basically, this course is extremely good for those who haven't learn any programming languages. It is sometimes seen to me that it is a little bit easy. However, the overall is quite perfect!! I love it !
A good course for people with zero programming knowledge, but a little bit slow, a little bit "baby sitting" for people with some programming experience.Three star for the course. One more star for access to all the quiz without need to pay!
Assignments are fun and challenging, but errors in the Python wizard should be explained better -- I know you are looking to replicate Python's errors, but for new students, it is not really easy to interpret how to solve a "bad line" error
It was a good class for someone without any programming experience. The lectures really helped me to start  understanding python language (and programming basic logic in general). However the course load is light and the pace is quite slow.
Its a great course very educational, but the reason that i dont give it 5 is beccause there was a bunch of unnececary boring videos that i didnt learn shit from. But all the videos of you sitting explaining things was a 10/10 very helpful
I would have preferred more exercises and assignments. The instructor is excellent with his style. He makes things clear efficiently while keeping everything light. Looking forward to joining the remaining 4 courses of the specialization.
This course is very good if you have studied the basic syntax of python rigorously prior to taking it. However, if you have done that then this course dives a bit deeper than syntax and gives you a nice overview of the structure of Python
Definitely a nice place to start your adventure in to learning about programming with Python. The only thing I would have preferred to have is the choice to watch the videos on the vlogs rather than make them part of completing the weeks.
I've made solo attempts to learn programming before, so this was all material I had covered (though in a different language.) It was very useful to refresh and solidify the concepts in preparation for the other four classes in the series.
Great of individuals looking to introduce themselves to Python or reintroduce themselves. If you have a basic understanding of Python, you might wish to look elsewhere. The course is well taught and enjoyable videos make the learning fun.
As a student major in Accounting, this course is not too hard to prevent me from learning the basic knowledge of computer science language, it is a good choice for someone who has no any cs backgroung. it is worthy taking such course. :D
As the name suggests, a great course for beginners especially for those coming from a non-programming background. People like me who have worked on other languages other than python will find it extremely easy. I completed it in 3 days.
I really recommend to everyone to go for this course It is such a great course which helped me to gain vast knowledge about python and the Mentors for this course is also Excellent. Thank you coursera for providing such a nice platform.
Initially it was good, but gradually I found it little hard for me to catch. Being a non programmer its hard to get the program and codding easily. Dr. Charles also mentioned it thought. I liked his lecture and way of delivering things.
A very gentle introduction to Python. The professor is engaging and explains concepts well. You may find it a little slow if you come with prior experience in other programming languages, but since it is self-paced this isn't a problem.
This course is very good. Instructor's explanation is very clear for me.  Lecture are basic and it is suitable for me.  How to use of Python installation and about text editor (Atom) is very clear explanation. I very like  this course.
Python is one of the easiest programming languages to start with since I already have some basic knowledge in the programming domain so it took me less time to cover all the parts in this course.I would like to learn more about python.
Very interactive! I enjoyed my free trial on the Programming For Everybody! I look towards doing other Courses in near future! More grace to the Coursera team! God bless you guys for giving me the chance to fan myself into programming.
Good beginner course.  Professor is cool and makes it easy to get started with python.  Looking forward to taking the next courses in this series.  If you already know the basics of python/programming, you will be bored in this course.
It is good starting point for any non-programmer as well as for people like me who are familiar with the programming. Dr. Chuck teaches with an ease that even a novice can understand. the assignments and quizzes are also very helpful.
This is my first online course, and i'm really thankful. For my this was a great experience and i pretend to finish the program. The only thing that i don't understand is, why is not available the spanish languague on the subtittles ?
I am writing the programs in python now. I am feeling better after completion of course. Thank you so much for providing training in a good way. A student who don't know anything can also write programs after attending this training.
If you are starting to learn to programming in Python now and have zero knowledge about programming I really recommended this course, professor Chuck has didactics and explains all very detailled. Coursera platform is also very good.
This is a good course for beginners, it tells the details of basic python knowledge. The quiz and assignment are easy to finish, but you can still learn a lot from them. I would like to take the following courses related with python.
good course for beginners, it is the clasical course that covers the first 2-3 chapters of every programming book. It is good in case you want to do the whole specialization in other case is too simple if you are going to pay for it.
The contents of this course were very good and extremely understandable and enjoyable buy this courser doesn't covers all the topics which i expected to be in this course. I would recommend this course for people new to programming.
Very Good Beginner Course for Python. Pretty short in material length but if you are looking to start programming I would strongly recommend it. Very good examples and quizes at the end of each section make sure you know your stuff.
It is a good course for beginners. However, it goes over very basic stuff that is extremely similar in other programming languages such as Java. I would only take this course if I was just getting started on programming altogether.
I'm almost done with the course and really enjoyed everything so far. However please do invest some time to update the course for Python 3. Professor is great and really holds you by the hand; exactly the kind of teaching I needed.
it's very good course for beginners, I enjoyed it a lot, i just wished if it would cover more more in one course so i can gain more from the whole specialization. Thanks a lot Professor Charles Severance, I really enjoyed classes.
Great primer for understanding the very basics of Python. You won't be able to make too much fancy stuff after this, but it's a stepping stone to great things.Dr. Chuck is a great teacher and the exercises are challenging and fun.
the teaching was exceptionally good. i loved it and i had no difficulty in understanding anything. but i feel the no. of assignments and practice questions provided in this course are very low in number. They should be increased.
Perfect for those who have zero programming backgrounds. Personally, I have some programming background in R, so this course is kind of easy for me. But it's still a good choice for laying a good foundation in Python programming.
i just want to brush my skills it been a while i have programmed again in python .its a worth while course easy to follow , instruction are well cleared. its a good to go for non programmer as well how logic works behind the code
Very good course to learn python from basic. The teacher teach very from the basic and also give how important material that need to memorize such as what is itteration variable, and reserved names in python. Marvelous course....
It seems to me that some basic knowledge has been left to other courses while it would easily should have found place here; I'm talking about things like the AND, OR, IN operators. Anyway well taught and very easy to understand!
The course materials such as the lecture videos, slides , assignments and pdf helped me to grasp and implement the basics of Python very well. I have recommended this course to my colleagues who are interested in learning Python
It's a pretty beginner-friendly Python course. Like you have never ever seen what programming is! Hence, won't even get you *much* into the programming world. Just get started. Like a door to the awesome computer science world.
Great intro course. Started off a little slow, but found the final assignment relatively challenging. had some prior Python background and was able to finish this course in 3 weeks. moving on to the next course in the sequence.
Excellent introduction to Python. Instructor teaches with humour and lots of examples, making the lecture videos useful and entertaining. Good pace for an intro course, easy to start with increasing difficulty as it progresses.
I was at knowhere in python but this course has helped me  in building my basic and make me understand what the actual meaning of programing is and also very helpful to use this course in  developing a new skill and applying .
Its a really good course for absolute beginner. I loved the instructor as he can deliver the content in a very simplified manner. Although i was excepting more technicalities, more assignment  and more content for this course.
This course conducted by Dr Chuck is delivered in laymen term which is very easy to understand, especially for newbie in programming world. TQ so much. It totally worth my time and "pain" but it does open my eyes about python.
This is very good and understandable course. I specially thanks to Professor who explain each thing in very expressive manner and assignments are too good. Thanks for the developers and Coursera which give me this opportunity.
Firstly mentioning about the instructor very freindly and easy to understand for non programming languagers also, I'll highly recommend for beginner programmers start with, very easy to understand and quick to gain knowledge.
I would give it a five star but the way the programming assignment question are described are way too complex to understand in a single read,using easy flow of language will be better for question and problem sate description
The instructor is totally cool  and resolves every aspect of any concept whether it is  reserved keywords in python  or ant other  and also  the interview overview of professionals in Computer science are truly inspirational.
Well structured course with nice-to-know backround information about hardware. The bonus material (interviews with some of the people who had great impact on programming) is fun to watch and shares the spirit of open source.
Easy to follow. The videos tie back to the book, this gives you the option of digesting the information on multiple ways.Pace could be a bit faster, but this program is flexible so you can complete it earlier if you want to.
Great introductory course. I found the bonus videos to be very interesting and inspirational, but it would be even better if the videos were date-stamped, since these fields are developing so rapidly (e.g. Arduino and R-Pi)
I thought he should be taught some more deep about python  in this course like try and except is not more clear I am facing problem while doing last assignment by using try and expect concept but the overall course was good
Pretty basic. Very useful for beginners, but since I am pretty familiar with python I could finish it quickly. I was mainly hoping and wanting to learn classes and a bit more from there, but the course ends at iteration. :)
Learning a new programing language can seem daunting, however this course makes it seem almost trivial. The concepts are explained extremelly well and very thoroughly. I just wish the coding assignments were more plentiful.
In Squiz there is answers that can make you confuse. I mean after reading question I got in in mind 2 answers for example, but available options don't have one of them - that make answering more easier than you wiould like
thank you coursera for providing this basic to advance python programming course.I had faced many problem during this course because of I am belonging with hindi culture .but I am happy its easy to understand this course.
Special thanks to Mihaela who made me feel like I was actually in a community with quick feedback! And: better to do the course in one go / week, because it is just too challenging to go back to the languaging every week.
Great course to get started with Python and get a certificate from an accredited university. Used this course in conjunction with Datacamp.com and codecademy.com. All three resources helped me to understand python better.
Good for the beginner who doesn't know much about programming.  For me, I knew the vast majority of this material so I flew through it.  I'm looking forward to the other courses so I can learn something substantially new.
Its good for someone not from an IT or CS background as it covers basics, but otherwise its too basic.I loved the course as this is first time I'm actually trying to study online else I generally preferred physical books.
This course is a little boring for someone who has learned C or Java or any language before, however, it is really a good one for beginners, whether you love Python or just want to learn programming through one language.
Highly recommend this course for absolute beginners. For people with knowledge of any other programming language, this will be a cakewalk. Two or three days will be sufficient for completing this course for such people.
I think the course is great . Teacher is very good but I think there has to be more question of coding which requires some thinking as I am  learned the concepts but I am still not confident with the concepts. Thank you
i taken this course recently its so easy and we can learn quicker but is has the basic content hat every one wants to learn about it for first time python learners, u can experience  python ,that is easy while learning.
Great Learning with Dr. Chuck"s Course. The style of his Teaching is Excellent and greatly appealing. I recommend everyone whoever wants to start as a beginner in Programming should go for this Course.All the Best...!!!
the instructor is engaging and one i would love to be taught from.this course with quiz and practical assignments tests and enhance and develop the basic skills of python.i recommend this course to start with.thank you.
The instructor is great. The only bad thing was the Autograder app that is used to submit the assignment. It sometimes shows an output that is different than the output I get in .cmd for the same code.Great work anyway!
At first i was so worried how i will learn Python language but with help of Prof. Chuck i learn many things like small changes, how to use signs (, : ' ...). Now i am confident to take further course on Python. Peace☮
This is my first experience in online course but i really loved it and enjoyed it . This Course is very helpful for beginners of programmer. Thanks to Dr.Chuck who is my lecturer in this course and thanks to COURSERA.
It would be better if there is more problem to be solved by us so that we can get more confidence and especially for those who don't learn programming language. Otherwise, the course is awesome and the instructor too.
great course with a patient professor. The only reason that I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5, is that some exercises were much more high level than the actual course and I wish there were more exercises in this course.
The first python lesson I have finished. It is quite simple.  The certified fee is too expensive comparing the information in the class.  Anyway, I like this class and the teacher. It is a quite good journey till now.
I feel this is a great start to a wonderful program that you all have provided . However o wish there was a way to share code to help optimize the many many errors I had made beforehand. Thank you for the opportunity.
This was the by far the most suitable course for anyone who wants to start python from the beginning also the instructor is also cool and the feeling is that the teacher is not online but just like we're in classroom
This was my first ever online educational course. It helped me a lot my understanding of python programming and improved my skill.I have struggled a little bit the assignments, but got finally through them. Thank you
SInce my basics of coding wasnt clear i always used to  be scard of doing any coding and always avoided it. This course has cleared by basics to some extent but i still dont feel confident . Hopefullly i will improve
The best course for beginners, starting to program from scratch. If one knows any other programming language, the course is a cakewalk and can be completed very fast. Great to understand Python syntax; absolute best!
The materials were easily explained and quick to grasp. But, if you're like me, if you don't know any programming at all, it will take repetition and practice before you can run with the topics and think on your own.
This course is good to learn the basics of python programming like the basic syntax of a code, taking input from user, conditional statements, loops, control statements, functions and dealing with some basic errors.
It was a great experience learning on this platform i actually learnt alot and the teaching videos and sessions were quite informative as well as interactive looking forward to pursue more courses in the coming days
The course  completes only the basic structures in python and do not include saving data and other more advanced parts looking forward to see lectures of the above mention and by the way the classes  are so exciting
Nice course. Good course for beginners. I have started the course without any background knowledge of Python. Later, after completing this course, I am able to write code in Python on my own. Thanks for the course.
For these who major in computer science in university, this course can be kind of easy. But it's really acceptable for those who have no experience with programming. It can be a good way to get started with Python.
A good course but way too easy since I'd programmed in other languages before... I finished the whole course in an afternoon but was useful to learn some of the important syntax and key words in the python language
It's a pretty good course to learn basic of programming through this course.Instructor is also awesome.Just a thing that I want to suggest that ,you add one extra week and give more practice assignment .Thank You.
A good course for students who are learning computer programming for the first time. To get the most out of the course, prospective students should be familiar with using a personal computer with Windows or macOS.
overall a good course.  Some things about he automated code tester should be explained (why do I receive a "mismatch" error when the code is correct).  Assuming it is because it does not match the required output.
Thank you very much for the course. It was interesting and useful but, to my mind, there were too many repeated explanations of the same things (even for me, a person who has never done anything like programming).
Great for starters not only on Python but in programming languages in general. I strongly recommend going through this course.My only note is that the tools may feel impractical sometimes for debugging or testing
Very well explained introduction to programming and python. It is a little bit dull for an experienced programmer but it suits well needs for a beginner. The lecturer is very entertaining as explaining very well.
This was my first experience with Python. The course is insightful and Dr Chuck is an amazing mentor. I will have to work out more on the course as Python was completely new to me. However, I enjoyed the course.
This was indeed an amazing learning experience. Though I am still very confuse with some points that may because of my not having prior knowledge about python. But I have understood the basic of python for sure.
It is pretty good for someone who has no prior knowledge of any programming languages. It is very easy to follow. But if you already know how basic coding works, this might not be as helpful as you would expect.
It was a really nice course for a beginner in Python like me. The pace could have been better specially or people with prior programming experience Anyway, it was fun learning Python. The instructor was awesome.
Very good professor. He knows how to teach and have everything in laymen terms for beginners to imagine. 4/5 because the grade checker is very strict. Prof should try to update the course with Jypyter notebook.
I found the course to be challenging but also quite approachable. The problem sets reinforced the material and required enough struggle to facilitate learning. I only wish there were more problem sets to learn.
a good course, there is a clear explanation in which the professional jargon is gradually introduced. If you have questions, you can go to a forum, but sometimes I miss personal contact when you have questions.
This course is to good, Specially the way the Sensei teaches  was absolute the best way it can be.One thing which i dont like is this course was too short in my opinion. Otherwise, overall this course was best
it's not a full fledged course. you will only get to know to know a pinch of Python language. For complete python course no need to roam hither and thither. Head to Youtube and you will find some great courses
It was really good as it was a short course with short videos and easily understandable....Overall for a beginner to a new programming language such as python it willbe really useful to understand the basics.
This module covers a introduction to python. This course is best for beginner who wants to learn python form scratch. Dr. Charles explained very well the concept  of loops in python. I just loved this course.
Since I know the concepts from C language already I felt the explanations were too long . But the faculty is good and has the best examples for all the concepts to explain them properly . Pretty a good Course
Other than a few hiccups along the way, I am so far Very happy with this course. Would Recommend.The Teachers aids are so freaking helpful. Where many courses would have lapsed and failed, the aids save this.
Course is really nice, interactive and informative.It would have been really nice if this course include some bigger project which require all the things that have been taught in one problem to accomplish it.
The course is very simple. If you have any programming knowledge or have tried python in the past only a little, its a great refresher. If you have no coding experience at all, it is a fantastic introduction!
teaching staff or tutor is slow in replying or never reply to students' questions when they are stuck and hence, student is not able to understand which part of their answer went wrong and no solution to it.
A fantastic course to get acquainted with Python.I'd like to see some more optional exercises to do with answer keys so that I could further test out my skills.  The assignments were really good and helpful.
This course is an elaborate course with clearly laid out steps. It's easy to understand and informative. Mr Severence's lectures are byte-sized, descriptive and engaging. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
I have learnt the basic knowledge of how to start writing a python program. This gave me the confidence i needed in to getting in to python platform , and learning advanced concepts using python.Thank you .
This is the best course for those who are the beginners in python programming era. It clears all the concepts accurately and the best thing is Dr. Chuck provides all the necessary information while Teaching
Thanks Dr Chuck for bringing up this course.While this course is very important and useful for the very beginners I would like to add that people with some computing background will find this one very easy.
A really good introductory course for anyone interested in getting into Python. If you're experienced in coding, the beginning is a bit slow, but it picks up quickly by introducing Python specific features.
The lectures are very good. But the Discussion forum became a "hidden question - mistic answer" panel lately. Could we get some non-scored assignments to discuss them openly with mentors and to learn more ?
A fair approach to programming basics. A couple of funny videos as well. Certain topics are a little bit over discussed. Liked the assignments although those could be a little bit more difficult to complete
I think the course is awesome, I am excited to learn more. However, the atom.io application and how to use it is kinda difficult to catch up with professor's teaching speed. overall the course is useful!!!
The course has been amazing. I wish it had provided more reading materials along so that I could retain the knowledge longer. The instructor was engaging and I really like the way he delivered the lessons.
It was a good course i got to learn a lot of things in well structured and professional manner i am thankful for having the opportunity to complete this course i look forward to read and learn further more
Course seems to be good. The course instructor is also good. In my opinion if more practice exercises is included in course then it may help the learners to getting used to python programming. Thank You!!!
This course was very helpful and it is absolutely a delight to learn python under Dr Chuck Sir.Its really an honor to have accomplished and completed this course.Thanks Coursera and Thank You Dr Chuck Sir.
Was somewhat too easy for the people who already know other programming languages and just want to step into the field Python. The further courses in the Python specialization are pretty impressive though.
It was a good course. Although i wasn't new to programming, but I found the tutor very knowledgeable to let us think the code logic on our own meanwhile making us learn. The content is good too.Thank you !
The teaching was fantastic, the videos and slides were very easy to follow along. However I would have enjoyed a little bit more instruction on the tools and how to use them such as atom and the terminal.
I really found this course useful in understanding some basic concepts of programming, Dr chuk really gave a distilled understanding of these concepts and i think having him as a tutor was really the key.
While the videos are a good guide, the quizzes and assignments are way too easy. I find that, whenever I am studying, finding out how to do difficult exercises are the best way to really learn.Good course
This is my first course on coursera and I loved the course. Mr. Chuck explains everything in a good way and this is easy for all the learners to understand it.Really I learn Python in a easy and fun way.
This course was made student-friendly as I was able to learn at my own pace. The contents were very beneficial and moreover, these contents will definitely help me to learn more about python programming.
This course is very nice actually.sometimes I got errors while coding due to small mistakes done by me.I have rectified those and done my assignments sucesfully. Thank you for providing the free courses.
THIS COURSE IS REALLY HELP ME TO GO FROM 0 TO NOT AT 100 BUT ATLEAST AT 20.Before starting this course I have zero knowledge about programming but know I get that confidence that I can learn programming.
Excellent for beginners, very well described, great understanding 
grasped and its simple, very simple, but that's what makes it 4 star, is 
that its for anyone or as the title says python for Everybody.
This is a good beginner class for someone who has no programming experience.  I took this class to help teach myself another language.  I was a database programmer with some hardware experience that went
Some of the concepts are not covered. Except the basic ones.  For e.g. in functions __init__ is not covered.These important concepts are missing.But the ones which are explained are explained throughly.
The course is amazing for beginners. You can learn the language here but if you're looking up on this course for logic development, this is the wrong place.  Very few probelms to solve, yet a must try!
The really helped in understanding the basics of Python. The instructor makes it really easy to understand. I would highly recommend this course to everyone interested in learning the basics of Python.
An awesome course for people who are starting with python . Has nice bunch of quizzes and assignments to take alongwith the lectures. Overall it was an awesome course. I would recommend it to everyone.
Very good one for candidates who are new to comp science and programming, helps one gain a lot of abstract understanding about computers, internet and networks.Assignments could have been more engaging
It's very helpful for the people want to pick up his first language! A great course.But for the folks who have studied some other language it's might be little bit too easy and not content-intensified.
Pros:Amazing Tutor & Amazing course for a beginner. Concepts are explained in various modes such as program, flowcharts & etc.MCQ's are good.Cons:More test or programs can be added for the evaluation.
This is a good intro to programming. Its paced well and taught well. I could follow the lessons, but i struggled writing my own programs. I will continue with the series though in hopes I can improve.
we can  learn a lot of things about python programming and the most interesting thing is that they are teaching the python from basics.assignments help us to improve thinking and of code on our own.
As a beginner this is  great course to start with basics and move onto next level with other courses. This course doesn't cover too much but focuses on basic parts and they are explained in details.
Excellent information for someone who has no experience programming.  Videos are long for those who have a strong knowledge of programming, but want to get to more advanced stages of python quickly.
I had been wondering "how programming can be taught for everyone?". But the course design, content delivery and test created are very well organized, which insist me to think differently. Thank you.
I felt that this course was a bit slow paced and that there was a lot of fluff in the videos. Still, the course covers basic concepts (e.g. variables, conditionals, loops, etc.) of programming well.
The course is really useful for those who learn the basics of programming using python. People who already know programming in different language and would like to python please stand out from this.
It's a good course as entry point to the world of Python but sometimes the lessons content (video explanation, shown slides) a bit to fast for reading or i'm to old. ;o)   Thank's for this course.
i have learnt a lot from this course and instructor, he has amazing teaching skills i has inspired by his teaching way and i get a lot from this course thank you course for this vanish apportunity
I found the course very good. However, towards the end of the course I found it a little bit difficult.All in all, I am glad to have taken this course. It gave me a better understanding of Python.
Engaging prof, knows how to present concepts in an easily accessible way. Activities were the right level - challenging but not impossible. The support videos for the activities were very helpful.
适合非计算机专业的人学习，很基础的入门。对于有别的语言编程基础的人来说，安排的课时太长了，自己看估计两天就能看完了。另外，老师挺有意思的。It's good for new programmer while it arranges a too long time for a  experienced programmer.By the way,teacher is interesting.
instructor is very good.Assignments are also good.no matter anyone doesent know about ABCs of python,those students can also try this course.Instructor provides study material too.So,Its awesome.
Concept teaching is very awesome. Assignments and quiz problems were also good but concept-wise,this course was somewhat limited. Also, there should be a certificate of excellence or somthing. :)
Good start. Content is simplified. I would have loved if nuances like why to use 'elif' after 'if' rather than 'if' after 'if' or use of ' while True' instead of 'while not False' were explained.
The course was very good and informative. Now, after completing this course, I am like I know something. I can code a little bit. but, I was expecting more from the course. Thanks for the course.
Great course. I really learnt the concepts and will continue to the next course. A possible improvement would be to have more complicated problems, not just simple applications of the principles.
this is a fantastic course for those who are new to python and also new to programming language this course is a very good course and i really would thank to all course teaching staff and mentors
It's a wonderful course! The only problem is the course uses an older version of python and I can't practice the problems on my latest text wrangler or pycharm. Still, everything else is perfect.
It is how I accepted it to be. I completed it smoothly without any problem. The professor is really very good. I enjoyed the course and never felt like giving up. Thank you coursera and Michigan
Very informative course with well planned lectures and assignments.  Some more worked example videos would be helpful when completing the assignments but otherwise I fully recommend this course.
It was an effective overview of the most basic ideas in computer science as a general study, and the rudiments of Python.  I found it extremely helpful as a complete newcomer to computer coding.
Excellent for beginners. Perhaps not as much value for people who have used other programming languages. I am an R user and found this easy and a good introduction. Thank you professor Severance
The course is amazing for beginners. Dr. Chuck makes the material super easy and very approachable. Definitely recommended for anyone who intends to take the first steps on the programming road.
i really like this course, this was the best basics of the python anyone could have taught to a beginner.i really appreciate the way the professor was teaching and his examples were phenomenal.
Very helpful in learning the basic skills and knowledge of Python language. Feeling happy for enrolling in this course and would highly recommend to friends who are interested to learn Python!!
Good explanations and I really enjoyed the videos. I didn't watch very many of them though so there's a good chance I don't know what I'm talking about (just trying to get to the later courses)
It is too easy even for beginners, topic about dictionaries would be useful (or is there any second part of the course?). Assignments are too easy to cheat. Lectures are awesome, nothing to add
It is a great course if you are new to programming and want to have a feeling about it. If you already know some intermediate programming skills, then this course might look very easy for you.
The course provides basic Python information through resources that are easy to understand. The course is effective in providing learners with a good foundation to begin their Python journey.
I had a great experience while learning through this Coursera. The lectures were explained neatly so that each and every one can understand clearly. I am extremely satisfied with this course.
this is first course i have taken here in coursera and it is going awesome and the teachers are awesome here. last assignment was tricky and a little bit hard but i got it. thank you so much.
The course really provides me an overview of basic python! Every lesson can be learned step by step without additional tutoring! I found it very useful and I have registered the second class!
The course is great. The only thing that annoyed me is the video on a page. For my opinion it would be better to stay a video always to be pinned on the top of a page during scrolling a text.
Very good class and explanations of the video content, but i think some exercices lack a little bit of explanation, like 5.2 for example, but might be the intention. Anyway, very good course.
Love the class. A bit frustrating that the Kindle version of the textbook is not broken down into chapters and so, doesn't line up precisely with the chapter references in the Coursera class.
This course is really inspiring and intresting too and the main is the teaching aids of Dr. Chuck and his friendly behaviour make too curios about the course material all about a good course.
This one of the best introductory classes for python and for beginner its really good , the concept was explain in a really effortless manner and with the example the things are clear enough
This course is really usefull to clear our basics. The person who don't know anything about python they also able to make programm and make their own code. Thanks for this intresting course.
Great course, very well prepared.It is sufficiently concise and always interesting. Explaining in very simple terms basic Python coding concepts and with interesting practical use exercises.
Excellent course! The course guide will take you through the basics of python very smoothly.Recommended to every one who is interested to learn python irrespective of the academic background
Well, Thanks Coursera community for this basic programming lesson. It helped me a lot to gain the basic knowledge about this python programming. I look forward to recommend this to everyone.
i understood all the things that were taught here in coursera.. its very helpful thanks for all thesebut some other things are also there in python which were not coveredbut coursera is best
Quite good for someone new to programming, but a bit too simple for someone who has experience in some other programming language... might want to look for courses for this type of audience.
It was great course for me, yet i have had issue in few chapters like loops where i think more details were required but i am sure by little practice i'll be confident on those topics also.
Great instructions and super easy to follow. I wish there was more content though. For $49, it seems like a "For dummies" book on Python would be more valuable since it covers more content.
Great course for the beginner with little or no programming experience.  The lectures are well delivered and short allowing them to be watched practically anywhere you have a spare 15 mins!
highly informational from python perspective, but really basic coding concepts were discussed using python. Was looking for some more advanced concepts. All in All a great course. Cheers :)
Simple, easy introductory course. This is just the beginning. You should at least take the next two courses in the Python for Everybody Specialization to learn at least 90% of the language.
This course was very helpful for me.I even didn't know about programmming before doing this course.But now I created a rigid base about python and programming.The classes were also better.
The professor is interesting and the lecturer is very clear. The course is not heavy. But I feel the assignment and quizzes are too basic and essay. Perhaps more challenges will be better.
A course that is very useful for Python beginners, and the assignments are appropriate for students. The only downside to this course is that the duration of the class is relatively short.
Prof is really great but the course is very elementary if you have programming experience with any of the previous language you can read the book suggested by the Prof and skip this course
first time i had done any course online and this was a wonderful experienceI learned all the stuff and the explanation provided was good.i would like to do more courses from herethank you
The course is very good. The explanation is good and simple. The only bed things that are in the course that are too much bonus content and also there is no directly resoluted assignments
It is a really good course for python beginners in addition to the fact that the instructor interacts and explains well but i think there is requirement of little more worked-out examples
Sometimes, Dr. Chuck tends to over-explain simple things and make unnecessary analogies; other than that: a great course! I recommend it to anybody with little to no experience in Python.
This course is very good for someone need to start programming, It gives you a introduction to coding world, And absolutely it is for beginners. and boring  little bit for intermediate .
Hey Hi! In some questions in quizzes i feel that some of the options are kinda obvious that they are wrong . if you could change them the course would be pretty good as a beginner course
This course was very useful in increasing my knowledge in python programing . I recommend this course to everyone as you start learning python as a beginner through this course.Thank you
Excellent tutorship by doctor Severance. But the autograder is a bit too picky. Sometimes it's just annoying to get an error message even after a clean effort. Hope this will be improved
The course is good but there should be hands on coding videos from the instructors rather than just telling the theory, that too not apt for understanding. Otherwise good course content.
I enjoyed the whole time while learning the python course, those lectures on python, and extra lectures on different topics were awesome. The assignments given were really knowledgeable.
This is my first course I am taking on Coursera and I am amazed how much I am actually learning. Dr Chuck is really good in the video lessons and really manage to 'come thru the screen'.
excellent work i really appreciate dr chuck, he shud make us work on each concepts of programming by explaining 2 to 3 programs of each concepts, anyway thanks a lot for the lectures!!!
Classes were really awesome. It would be great for those who have no prior programming knowledge or who lacks basic understanding of programming. I would expect more practice exercises.
A good introduction to python. Involves quizzes regarding the basic concepts covered. I wish it had more assignment questions each chapter. That would have made this course even better.
overoll, i like this course, the instructor is very friendly, i learn a lot of thing here, thank you mr chuck, but in my opinion, the assignment is too dificult for freshman, thank you
A very great and brief course, any one who has no prior experience in programming can learn easily. Don't be panic if you face  any problem, there is a great learning environment here.
Dr. Charles taught us a lot of information regarding python. I thought it would be difficult in the beginning but it's way more interesting while enriching the language. Thank You Sir!
Love the professor, however, I spent a lot of time working on the very last assignment, and when I finally finished, the system somehow logged out automatically and I had to start over
Pretty good course, have been looking forward to learning code for a while.This course is very friendly to office workers, I could always find my time to dig into it. Thanks professor!
Had a great learning experience ! Topics were explained in simple language and with clarity for the sake of beginners. Found the course well-organised and productive. Thanks Coursera !
Nothing was as satisfying as knowing nothing about computer code in the beginning and getting to a point where I could write some simple code without looking at anything else for help.
The course is good and easy to understand.It can be understood by anyone.also that is the reason it is written python for everyone.I think there should be more questions for practice.
i started it as a beginner but now i know basics of python and this is all thanks to Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) and faculty of this program. - Thank You😊
I already wrote a review (I thought). Professor Severance performed admirably. I am jaded by knowing too many programming languages, but there is nothing exciting about Python for me.
Best course to start and learn python. Programming assignments and quiz are what gives it an extra edge.I wish there were more programming assignments.Apart from that course is great.
It is a good course. You will be told the basic of progamming so clearly, as me. But it must give us more programming assignment, I think, to add our experient programming with python
The course material is intuitive, suitable for students from all fields, even without prior programming knowledge. A good starting point for those who would like to learn programming.
Video lectures could be a little bit shorter by cutting basic explanations, for example, don't need to go thru the whole list oz numbers to see that each of them is smaller or larger.
I loved the course.  It allowed me to learn at a pace that I was comfortable with.  I tried a class from Plurasite, but it moved a little too quickly for me.   I will be taking more.
Coming from now Python background I think the first part was really good. The assignments got confusing and hard towards the end and I felt like things were missed to help beginners.
If You are ALready familer with basic concepts of programming then you can skip this certification. Overall it was nicely contributed by teachers, made good understanding of concepts
This is my first certification i am doing. I known this website through my friend. i found it very useful for me. i have learned a new type of learning thanks to Mr.Charles Severance
Good introduction to Python, it gets you into the mindset of programming and combining syntax to do something useful. The videos could be more to the point and better quality though.
Excellent course. I have a minor gripe that the lectures were almost verbatim repeats of the course textbook which itself was very useful. Looking forward to the next course already.
This was a great course and very easy to learn. But it could've been better if they provide some extra tips or practice examples, which would clear the topics even more efficiently.
I loved how this course is built. The teaching methods, tests and assignments, additional knowledge, it was really helpful. But the graded assignments were a bit tough at the start.
This course gives a start in Python. Instructor is really good and the explanation is awesome.I would like to request him to add more real time examples scenario in coming sessions.
My first course in online..  its helpful for all.. but teacher talk too much other topic..  i hope  if you delete other topic..it's much better for all.. ovarall this course is good
the course is a great opportunity to get us started in the world of python language and the faculty members explain the concepts in a manner that even absolute beginners understand.
A little bit too fast-paced.I would like more exercises and more feedback on the assignments. More in-depth explanations into certain aspects like keywords, variables and functions.
First of all, I want to thank faculty of this course. He is the best faculty I ever seen. Teaching and explaining method is quite good so that our basic fundamentals are very clear.
The course content is very good, but I found the Autograder quite frustrating. It can't take input on iOS and most of the required assessments require using input functions to pass.
The tutorials were really good and the way Sir explains everything is incredible.His way of creating humour in between keeps us awake and we never lose interest.Keep doing the same!
Makes programming not so scary. This is a great class for those that fear programming like me. Wish there were more exercises with solutions though so I could test myself some more.
Great start for anyone who wants to begin with python programming. Course is well designed and love the way it progresses along with the assignments and the small videos in between.
Useful for people with no programming experiences. The textbook contains all information needed, so basically you can read the textbook and they go on to the quizzes and homeworks.
it was an excellent experience taking this course. it was more easier than i had expected in the beginning of this course. each topic was  explained clearly and in a practical way.
a little less functional programming and a lot of theory and quizes related to the programming part. furthermore it is possible to cheat on the programming part to a certain degree
Great introduction for programming.I think it can be improved with more logic content and assignments, as well as some real cases (such as real examples of text file parsing, etc).
I have a basic knowledge of Phython bfrom Coursera ..it's very helpful for beginners and even I am also so I am hesitste I might be understood or not..but it's really very helpful
This course is concise and interesting for a beginner. However, it is not challenging enough for some experienced programmers. There is no materials pertaining to list and tuples.
its nicely designed course with perfect instructor that to without installation. he always revise the lesson at the end of module & delivered everything friendly. Good Experience.
This course is wonderful course and it is easy to learn and easy to practice programmes and it is a basic course to learn python and gain knowledge on python programming.Thank you
I thought the course was well ogranized and everything ran smoothly. I think it might be helpful if they gave some guidance on other IDEs you can use other than the command window
The course is very short, it doesn't discuss many necessary details! and for someone who doesn't have a programming background might find difficulties to understand the materials.
Great course!! The best thing about the course weRe the assignment problems. Enforcing the learned topics in practical examples gave me a clear insight into the theory and syntax.
It'd be 5 stars, if the program shown at the beginning of the course to look for the longest word and count how many there are in the text, was explained at the end of the course.
Had a Great time with this course in coursera but the content of python in this course is very less. But it is good for a new beginner who has no idea of any programming language.
Can have more rigorous assignments. Right now the code snippets are already provided. Maybe keep some optional tough assignments to cater to all levels of programming abilities :)
Excellent introduction to Python for people without programming background. If you have a background in programming it can appear pretty basic. Lectures are very well delivered .
Dr. Chuck did a great job a teaching from the ground up while keeping those with some previous experience engaged.  Thanks for all the great lecture and personality!Jeremy Yockey
This course is very useful where you can learn from basics. If we get more assignment questions for practice it would be more useful. Charles Severance is great ,thank you Sir!!.
Actually i got stuck in last assignment. According to me more examples must have taught in the last assignment topic. We need to get more knowledge on using None and try/except.
it was really a nice experience of learning online .I didn't  thought that these course is this much easy .i gained lot of knowledge from this course .finally thank you coursera
Very good course. The information is passed on effortlessly by the professor and all the study material is very helpful. Definitely recommend it to all who want to learn Python.
I really enjoyed the course.Thanks for making an effort to teach us python,we really appreciate it.I really loved listening to the entrepreneurs,their works and establishments.
Well paced. I do wish that the last lesson wasn't so crammed in and difficult. I can understand to push for more material but that last week alone could have been split in two.
Dr Chuck is the awesome teacher man!!!He is the best in teaching the way he explains to you the concept is the Best.Thank you sir Thank you so much for this course.Lots of love
Great first programming course though the material is somewhat light. Charles is an excellent teacher. I look forward to having him as my teacher on more challenging materials.
The Python Programming course is really interested i have completed successfully and the video lectures and slides are nicely arranged which are very helpful for me. Thank dear
This course provided a solid basics in programming as well as in Python. I thank everyone involved including instructor and coursera for providing such a wonderful opportunity.
There are many redundant aspects in the course. Installation instructions were for outdated OS. I did learn the basics how to program in Python though, and that's a good thing.
this course is very easy for those who have learnt c and c++ ,and knowing c and c++ made me learn this course very very very easily .And thank you chuck you explain things good
the course was bit hard for me everytime when i reach to the next assignment it totally takes my whole day and i learned here every word that that we choose there is a meaning
GOOD FOR THOSE WHO DON'T KNOW PROGRAMMING CONCEPTS, BUT IF U KNOW ANY OTHER LANGUAGE BASICS ITS BETTER TO TAKE THE ADVANCED COARSE THIS IS REALLY AT THE BOTTOM, FOR BEGINNERS.
it is taught is most simple way and clears all the basic concepts of python and programming                      (in general)  and the way of engaging of Dr.Chuck is also good
The lectures definitely help distinguish this course in comparison to others I have attempted. I am excited to move on and continue with the additional courses in the program.
Nice Course with great problems. One of the problems was such that a minute mistake was making the program fail. The course provided a great opportunity to enhance my skills.
I am an experienced c++ programmer, so this course was very easy for me. But I believe that students starting with programming probably would need more detailed explanations.
The external tool is difficult to adapt. Ex; In Atom the code runs correctly, but in the assignment it shows different erros that are because indents are not well recognized.
this is the first online course that i opted for learning programming in python.It was quite satisfactory and productive.This helps for beginners giving good content to learn
While i have basis knowledge of languages like c and c++, i took this course to understand basics of python. I am very much satisfied with the learning i got from the course.
This Course provided me some idea to start learning the python course, Thank you professor for great teaching and understand. I recommend this course who want to learn Python
I enjoyed this course. I was a good introduction to Python. The videos and material are easy to understand. I look forward to taking the other courses in this specialization.
It is really good class for beginner about programming. Easy to understand also I wanna try to get more class about python from this Michigan university online class. thanks
Dr Chuck has made learning the Python programming language very entertaining and easy to pick up. I appreciate being able to try out what I learnt on the online assessments.
In this course i have completed the some basic concept about the python ,but i will suggest that coursera make  some more difficult level of the course .Thank you  cousrea .
This is a good course.  I'd recommend spending some time with the textbook as you go through the course as the book builds on the lectures, rather than the other way around.
it's a beautiful course but about  the tasks i think it could be more obvious than it is beacuse there are more than task i couldn't know what i should do. 

thanks at all .
An interesting course that is meant for absolute beginners. The concepts are explained very deliberately and the understanding is tested well by the quizzes and assignements
I like this course and I was wondering to learn python programming firstly in coursera. Through this course, I learned the basic python clearly. Special thanks to Coursera!
A very helpful and lucid approach for beginners who want to learn programming and that too with python. This course requires no prior experience just a little enthusiasm !!
It's was very detailed and informative in such a way that i also learned a lot about how the language was created and developed rather than just the syntax and programming.
Very well thought out and organized! Wish there could be a little more help on assignments, but overall a very enjoyable experience. I will definitely take the next course!
4.5/5. Very informative and helpful. Additional practice examples with step-by-step breakdown to answers would be extremely useful, but overall great class. I recommend it.
Very friendly to beginners who has no experience of coding. I also find it is very helpful to read other people's review especially those who had coding experience before.
I felt that the Supervisor’s enthusiasm was reduced to a certain extent in some of the videos, unlike what he was at the beginning of the course, but it is very excellent.
Very good course. For beginners this course really designed well and the quizzes and assignments purely testing the basic skills of learners. Special thanks to Instructor.
Great for beginners to get a taste on Python programming language, great instructor, nicely curated content, pretty good assignments. Overall loved and enjoyed the course.
it perfectly introduces us with basics of  python but it works with old python syntax needs to be updated.like input function can take integer and float value directly now
I know that this is a course for beginners but we could really increase the level of difficulty of the assignments. I think it would benefit a lot of prospective students.
I think this course is espetacular for new programmers, I really like the explanations about how the python works, this way become easy to understand and learn programing.
still getting confused when there is reported error when programming. The way that I can fix is coding on the note pad and paste is to the web to see what's wrong on that.
Very good info; just wish the Android app, desktop app, and iOs app all updated more gracefully (maybe a critique of Coursera more generally?) Assignments are pretty easy.
while the efforts of teacher are extraordinary, I was hoping for something more technical as i had a lot of issues during command prompt runs and unable to progress much.
simple , to the point , some little fun blabbering by the author , but im hoping more to see and example on the course that was truly used in real life / work environment
The course was very nice for the beginners. I would like to recommend to beginners for this course as well as i would say there is a need for some more exercise questions
This course made me feel smart - probably because of the really slooooow way of explaining things.Nevertheless, I found this very helpful, and I really loved assignments.
the course was overall good,love this course.this course helps me in achieving good programming skills.Dr.chuck is such a amazing teacher.his teaching style is just lit.
It is goog course for getting high-level knoledge about Python, but I excepcted more deeper information about that language (data structure, lambda exspressions and etc)
On the easy side since I already had some programming experience but none the less very effective for beginners. Did however got an understanding of the basics of python
very basic. It is very good for a person who know nothing about programming but slow and not very technical if anyone already have knowledge of any programming language.
the course is good but i think one thing can make it prefect for beginners which is more practical exercises to make the student feel confident moving to the next lesson
Most of it very easy, so if you just new to python the most of it will bore you. Never the less does it a great job to teach you semantics of python. I can recommend it!
The last two weeks had too much material crammed into them, whereas the first few weeks were a bit dull. Otherwise the course was excellent for beginners such as myself!
Really good start to get the basics down in Python. Would recommend to students that want to learn Python. However I would recommend upgrading the class to use Python 3.
Got this course to learn a lot ..Thank you for this course. I get know experience and knowledge in using different kinds of online tools which are useful and effective.
This is really easy to grasp if you have some basic knowledge of any programming language, otherwise its a bit difficult and you'll have to pause and think for a while.
Its a very nice course for a beginners who wants  to start with the python programming. I really learn lots of thing in this course.And I Enjoyed the course. Thank you.
This is a small basic tutorial for beginners in python with a detailed explanation. If you are a newbie it will be the stepping stone. Overall it is good for beginners.
This is an excellent course about beginning of python programming, I recommend to take it, the material is clear and you can repeat the videos every time that you need.
The professor explain really good the material. The best thing is to review the book, it helps to understand better the concepts of Programming and capability of Python
This course is very useful. I've learned the basics of python in a right and efficient manner. I recommend this course for the beginners who wants to learn the python.
This was my first course which i have completed on coursera. And i would like to thanks Coursera and my Dr Charles for such a woderful explanation...Thank you coursera
very frustrating when it comes to coding, doing some silly mistakes like space or tab, I would love that those errors would be ignored or hinted, but overall I'm happy
The quality of the information and pace a are great for someone looking to gain programming skills to supplement their current knowledge or begin career in programming
The course was overall simple and easy to learn the basics of python. Even you don't have any background experience in programming, you can learn A-Z with this course.
Amazing mentor and had fun learn with the expert of python and giving us zenith of the python course and helping with the basic Knowledge to the pinnacle of knowledge
Good for a beginner level course. I finished it 1 day. I hope we got to see more professional levels of programming in the future. Dr Severance is an amazing lecturer
Nice mix of tutorials and assignments. I like the way doc scribbles what is going on and output on top of the code. sometimes 1.2 speed is useful, but also pausing:-)
Great introductory course for non CS majors/non-programmers. If this is the first programming course you are taking it is great and also as an introduction to Python.
Great course when you are just getting started with Python. Nice buildup in the material. Functions and loops are explained in a visual way, this was a big help to me
it is a good platform to learn the programming language like python i have gain some basics of python and  now have little bit confidence to write the code in python
This course  helped me to understand python without any difficulty ,And  i have learned the basics of python programming through this course and exercises were good.
it's a very good course for beginners who want to learn programming concepts. Also, Mr.Chunk is a very good instructor. I highly recommend this course for beginners.
I was able to enjoy the total course completely,and could answer the quizzes,assignments anytime anywhere with no borders and could earn a certificate in an easy way
Week 2 doesn't look finished even when its done. Otherwise, The rest of the course is just fabulous and my sincere thanks for such an amazing knowledge filed course.
good course every beginner should do it to get basic knowledge of pythonunlike other tutorials it give a problem statement and move forward only when it is completed
It was very helpful course, but progress is to slow for my level of knowledge. It is for beginners. If you have some experience this course will be too easy for you.
Though it is a beginner level course, I really enjoyed it! Dr.Severence is awsome! Exception handling is the new thing that learned here. Thank you UM and Coursera.
the last external tool is not working I tried everything I think its lagging because it keeps on going on a loop please let me end the course I have done everything
pretty good for someone just starting with python language. Altough, some more problems would be better to understand . Assignments-perfect,especially the last one.
Would like information for more practice. Either through some online tools or practice to run through Atom and command prompt. Looking forward to the next sections.
all perfect! from the class to the video quality, to the assignments, quiz and the notes.. enjoyed the course. Thanks to Prof Charles, made leaning python very easy
It was a great opportunity to get learnt at home  from famous Instructor.Thanks to the Coursera. And gratitude  to the Mr. Instructor for his cordial presentation.
I really liked by the way of being taught. I just started with Python and I am glad because I really am interested in it now. Thank you, Sir and Coursera platform.
Its good for beginners,Course explanation was very clear and helpful to all. Its provides Assignments and Quizzes are better than other online education platforms.
AS,it is quiet intresting but there should be some more detailed concept not only vedios there should be some quiet intersting problems,hope we can enjoy, thankyou
Nice work! Although I would have preferred more exercises (possibly with solutions). Quiz tests are super easy. Maybe the slides used in the video could be updated
Firstly, I want to say honesty Thank you, sir. It is really obvious to learn with u, very very proud of meTake a little rest and go to the next class against, Bye
Sometimes it felt like we were going through fairly basic concepts repeatedly to no great gain, but excellent beginning coverage and good explanation of concepts!
Quite python basics.If you have learned other programming languages,you just need 2-5 hours to complete this course.Anyway,it is a good start for learning python.
Dr. Chuck is exceptionally talented. The entire course was very engaging and a fruitful learning experience. Definitely would recommend this course for beginners.
altough course is good but the level should be little bit high , its a very basic course and it should cover more topics but i must say chuck did a very good job
I like the teaching style of the teacher, but the course is too easy for students who already learn C programming language. (Maybe I'm not a beginner in python?)
The last probelm is pretty unreasonable. It should tell us more information about not change the top two put instead of the hint" you should compute min and max.
I enjoyed the instructor teaching but the video and interviews, but not those with Guido van Rossum, were not very interesting and had nothing to do with Python.
Very good for someone just getting started with programming. The pace will be slow for someone with any programming experience, but the material is still useful.
Overall, a very good course.  For the vast majority of it, I felt that information was explained carefully and there was a good balance of challenge and support.
too easy, save us us much time to learn it.beside this, it is also a good experience because it has many bonus about the background of the development of Python.
It would be good if the course can include the worked solutions to the assignments, and solutions to all the examples at the end of the chapters in the textbook
is a Great course for those who want to start to learn the language, even if this is your first computer language. (excuse my poor english, i'm learning it too)
Good introduction to basic programming of Python. Very easy for beginners in 
python who have already some programming background and also for non programmers.
A better option to start your coding carrer.Mentors are too good.This course is designed in a way that we can understand as well as implement all the concepts.
i liked the way our instructor taught us, helped me really to learn the most basics of python. As for now i will say it  is best way to learn basics of python.
A bit too basic for people commonly using Python. I feel like the whole intro to "how the computers work" was not really necessary, but otherwise great course.
Very nicely crafted and well executed programming course in Python to start with, especilly for those whowanna mae a carer in Macine Learning and Data Science.
the coding tool is not working very well. always complaining about the indentation error even the indents are correctly entered. Very frustrating the starters.
Dr Chuck was an amazing instructor who explained all the concepts in a very interesting manner.however more concepts python should be included  in this course.
first two weeks were not really informative but, it was a great course.. i like the enthusiastic teacher and the hands on practice sessions are really helpful
Some of the assignments were a bit to difficult to complete for someone who has just started out with programming but the discussion forums are quite helpful.
Great intro to 100% new programmers!Very quick reminder of basic programming constructs and their implementation in Python for those with previous experience.
Very nice course for beginners. If there is some experience with other programming languages it can easily be absolved in 1/2 days, while not rushing through.
i was elated to be a part in this coursework. The professor explanation was very clear and intriguing. Thanks to all those who have organised this coursework.
A little bit easy for those who have programming experience but a very very good beginning for those who haven't know anything about python. Love this course
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)from this course I'm learn basic of Python programming from installing of python to loop and many more
It is my first online experience of studying, its is great because of Dr. Chunk, he is great teacher. I love the way he teach, it is easy and understandable.
Very good course for the person who doesn't know any programming language, but it can be made much more practicing for who already know a bit of programming.
It was really great course. I understood it well though I've some challenges and I hope that I can solve it.. Thanks to our beloved Doctor a lot.. Dr Charles
very good course to start learning python if u r engineer then u must visit this course it will build ur confidence for this language along with the basics .
This course was a tad bit tough for me, but don't let that dishearten you! There are amazing educators and you will figure it out if you are inclined to work
python playground is not so good at checking the codes.It also check the spaces from the desired output,which sometimes creates panic situation for the coder
It was a great learning course! And the instructor sir charles russell severance was great ! but i think there must be more assignments and code to practise
this course is good for learning what is python and its good for understanding newly or fresher person who's not relate to the computer science back ground.
I studied Python before and I registered for this lesson it was good and I could learn more.I recommend it to anyone who wants to start the Python language.
This Course is a basic building block for programming in python. And if the basics are strong than there are definite chances of achieving higher altitudes.
Definately a very good  course for those who are starting with programming,for those who are already a bit into programming wilfind it very easy to complete
Excellent course to start learning programming! I did an Udemy course before this and had nothing to do with the clarity of the explanations of this course.
Great course for absolute programmers, but not the best for the programmers who already know programming just getting starting with python, it way to basic!
Course was helpful, Professor was awesome, the practice problems towards the end were a bit difficult and there was little guidance on the final assignment
Really  Awesome Course i love it so much if there is presentation session and face to face session then it too cool and thank you to coursera and Dr. chunk
The course instructor is the one of the best I have ever seen. One thing that this course should be added with is more practice of the topics being taught.
Excellent course for people wanting to learn programming with Python from scratch. The instructor is excellent and very engaging so would highly recommend.
thank you charles for this course ,,your way of teaching was excellent and i started this extension courses,,,i am very impressed with your teaching style.
Very good introductory course for programming wannabees. It doesn't dive deep into the explanations but covers a lot of the important topics for beginners.
Nice course for those who never contact with programming, while its process may be a little bit too slow for those knows about other programming languages.
Suitable for those who do not have basic knowledge about programming, but seems to be too easy for people like me.  However, Prof.Chuck is soooo excellent.
A great foundation building course. Dr. Chuck sure does makes it a fun learning experience without compromising on the effective rendition of the concepts.
It was awesome course. Charles is super professional and entertaining. But I think It can be better with a little bit more complicated assignment problems.
Great course, easy for whom already know how to program, but really great for the ones who are beginning programming! The next courses should be great too.
Nice and easy course. I think the slides need some improvement especially for those who just study from them without explanation from the instructor.Thanks
With No previous experience with programming, I got to learn it in very simple and understandable way which has created a good foundation to learn further
I found this course very useful for beginners. The instructor is great and teaches every single concept in detail. Thanks Coursera and the instructor too.
in this course  i  have  learn basic of python programing . and i can easily understand . this is the best course to learn any thing .thank you coursera .
For me, this course is not 100% helpful, because I already have a programming background, but for a beginner, this is an amazing course he can start with.
Dr.Chuck is perfect,but he does not code. I mean that he just teach.I think he should teach one function after that code that.There is no enough practice.
Very nicely done. A little bit difficult in finding solutions for the graded exercises when you are stuck. Had to rely on outside help for some solutions.
Excellent introduction but I think it could have expanded more on the different ways in which a loop can be written (example how to use ranges with "for")
Great course for learning HOW to learn programming. The instructor made learning Python fun and welcoming to people who are completely new to programming.
Its really great experience of your interactive classes i utilise my lockdown time with you and feels great. i also thank you for this great magic box :)
THE FACULTY, i.e. MR. CHARLES SEVERANCE TRANSFERRED HIS KNOWLEDGE VERY ACCURATELY AND NICELY, AND ADDED A FUN ELEMENT TO THE OVERALL TEACHING EXPERIENCE.
The course is great, although I do think people with no experience need a bit more videos and details on various stuff such as variable types, lists, ect
While being super intuitive, the course is too easy even for beginners,The lectures are coherent and smooth, assignment could be slightly more difficult.
This course is good for you if you just started doing programming. But if you have 1 2 months programming experience in any language this is not of you.
sir could go more deep into conceptsI appreciate sir's hard and dedicate works on this program and a special thanks from my Institute and the university
This was a great opportunity to learn about the programming language I was here to study. Just to add that I would like to have more practice questions.
Sometimes the instruction for the assignment isn't clear enough for the beginner. However, the video quality is the best online course i have ever been.
Good course for absolute beginners.  If you have any level or programming experience, I would recommend you start with something a bit more complicated.
The way Dr.Chuck has conducted this course is very interesting and helps to understand the why as well as the how behind the concepts of Python language
Good for beginners. Extremely slow for individuals from programming background.Great Explanation. Even a non programmer could easily follow this course.
Great introduction course with good organized detail.Although I am an experienced C/C++ programmer,I think this should be still very easy for beginners.
The course was great! I am very motivated to pursue my interest in programming. I'd suggest to add some more practical exercises or external resources.
Loved this course as it teaches from basic! Although during week 4-5-6 I felt that it went fast but if you do proper study every week , it will be easy
Very good course to start in python and programming. Maybe i would elevate a little the difficulty of the assignaments, but it's a good course overall.
I had a fantastic experience of this python for everybody course. Instructor Charles teaching was very good and had practical approach. Thanks coursera
This course was good and every begineer programmer should atleast take it once. moreover, there is no better option to start programming except python.
The course is brilliant. I put 4 instead of 5 only because of the last assignment which seemed way beyond a normal level of difficulty for this course.
A little time-wasting for those who already have programming experience. Better to read a book or doc.However, it may be great for beginners of coding.
Course is great, instructor is also great. For basics of python its a great a course. But i felt that content is less and would have added more content
Like the style of the professor and his really cool tea cup :P . Good start for any one. First time ever completed a coursera course . Cheers for me :)
This is a great course to kickstart your python programming. Only thing is that they teach you till loops, so you will miss out on topics like arrays.
this is good course for beginers especially for those who have not programming experience.one can learn upto function and loops in 1st course of PY4E.
Everything is perfect, except for the checking system of assignments, it just keeps pinging with annoying error even after fulfilling the requirements
As the name says  getting started, this course maintains its complexity low. but, it will be much better if the level of complexity is raised a little
it was totally good so fat that I have learnt more things I really wanted to know about python programming and I'm constantly continuing course remain
Very well planned a course for beginners in programming but for one who knows other programming and just came here to learn python will feel too basic
This course teaches programming from the scratch using Python. It is really helpful for students who want to learn programming but have no experience.
Great as a first introduction to Python. However, if you have any prior programming experience, this course is most likely to be way too easy for you.
really nice and delightful to learn in such an effective manner in this platform!I whole heartedly thank each and everyone behind this global mission.
A bit of a slow start, but that's probably necessary for a programming course. Good way to get started. Definitely need to take the follow-up courses.
Pretty good course but needs improvement in terms of exercises for the students. Needs to be enhance for the latest software that currently available
Good course for complete beginners.But pace of the course is little bit slow, the number of questions are very less and difficulty level is also low.
It was taught really well but I found it a bit boring may be because I already knew C and C++ but its good for someone who is very new to programming
It has been a great experience learning with coursera. This was the first course that I opted in coursera. Looking forward to get more opportunities.
First few lectures was more about machines than python. But rest helped a lot. Thanks and like the way Charles Severance teach its by far awesome. :)
This introductory course, although basic, gives you some insight into Python, providing you essential tools to get started writing your own programs.
this course is ideal for beginner. i found this course quit basic. prof. is really awesome..,funny and most importantly --he made interesting course.
Great content, awesome tutor, i only wish there were more exercises to do with a higher difficulty each time.Other than that, perfect course. thanks.
This is a great class! It makes Python (and coding) approachable for people like me, who want to learn how to code but have absolutely no experience.
amazing teaching by the instructor i really liked the way he teaches and so i could learn the course so perfectly thank you sir (Mr.Charles Russell)
assignments are very easy..but rest of the stuff are well structured, specially the video lectures.the Instructor also teaches the topics very well.
Great  accessible course with clear explanations and an online Python environment! I would have preferred even more exercises and practice material.
Good introduction to python programming. I do know the fundamentals, however this made me aware of the syntax used in python, which was very useful.
Good to start off newly. But I think an certificate of completion must have been issued after completing the course for those taking the free course
It's very good but maybe it is a good idea to introduce some small exercises to get to practice more in the interface before making the assignment.
I wish the videos could be a tad bit longer and elaborate. Otherwise, the course was immensely helpful. Thank you Sir and the entire Coursera team.
Good overall content, some of the rules for the required interpreters are not made clear to the user which can cause problems when submitting code.
This course made me more confident while solving assignments, video lectures are very helpful and basic concepts of python are explained very well
very good explanation  about basic concept of python .step by step  learning .online tool for exa programme practice overall very good experience.
Great course for new Python learners. Only things to complain is the length of video, lessons could be more succinct and decrease some small talk.
In my view,coarse should include more assignments.Lectures are pretty cool and as a learner we expect more problems to be discussed in lectures...
the course is superb to learn basics of pythons.The assignments are too easy to solve....there should be more challenge to solve this assignments.
This course is for beginners who have very few knowledge in any programming language. It won't help much if someone wants to learn profession work
This is an excellent course for beginners and junior developers. For those with programming experience however, the course is definitely too easy.
Homework assesments can be improved. I^ve seen that in sam assignments even if the answer is correct, grading sytem was not able to understand it.
Excellent course for beginners, the rythm is perfect! I just wish there were more (ungraded) excercices with solutions to practice more on my own.
Extremely easy for anyone who has prior knowledge in any programming language, and the quizzes and assignments are educational even by themselves
Its really a great experience to enroll in this program.I liked the way Mr.Charles teach programming a lot became a fan for a professor 1st time.
i think it is too easy to done if you pastly know programming but as it say it for everybody then its alrightbut you can advance this course also
A few videos I wish I can skip ahead and not affect completionist. (Though seriously speaking all videos are optional.) Otherwise, very thorough.
Not that many in-depth practices. The quiz never changes. The instructor is fun, but talks really slow. Good for beginner. Overall a good course.
I enjoyed the course in general but I don't like the python tool. It is not very clear with the errors. Apart of that a great place for beginners
Very good and informative cours! Helps you to understand basic language elements and provide you an opportunity to further progression in future.
good stuff.  I think that working in an IDE like PyCharm would greatly assist those new to the development community.  Very grateful for Coursera
The course content was good but I was expecting to learn something challenging which this course lacked. Anyways, the teaching quality is great.
A good course for beginners. I would recommend to reduce the explanation time taken for each concept, but the overall course had been very nice.
Really amazing to learn Python with Mr.Chuck. He is very good at teaching. I'm incredibly excited to learn from his courses offered by Coursera.
This is  the perfect course for who really wants to start learning about python from the beginning . this course gives a basic idea about python
Reading and videos don't exactly provide enough examples to fully understand material. Have to go outside the course and read up on other sites.
More on loops could be added. Overall the video lectures were good with valuable content. Other videos(office hours, etc.) were a bit annoying.
Good beginners course. (I went in with other programming knowledge)Useful for learning basics of python, I worked out of the textbook (5 stars)
The lectures are very good, and initiate thinking process like a computer executes a program. I would expect more challenging practice problems
The course is very good, and we can understand each and every concepts so well that the person who doesn't even know programming can learn it.
I think the assignment needs to explain more clearly. it's difficult to understand for new python students like me and thanks for this course.
To be honest, this course really helps you to learn basic python. The instructor was really good the way he explains is easily understandable.
It was enjoyable, I wanted to try Python. The indenting/code structure could be a chapter on its own and for me was the most frustrating part.
Very much recommended for beginners.for the people with programming knowledge in other languages might feel bored.Overall it is a good course.
The course was very interesting and understandable.Thanks to Charles Russell Severance and other team members to make this course interactive.
The autograder questions had some error due to which I was facing a little bit problem but the video lectures and assessments are really good.
I really like this course.  the materials are engaging and the lectures easy to understand. I wish there was access to more practice exercises
Basic introduction to Python. With my level of understanding I wish I had skipped this and gone straight to the second course in the series...
Very good online course. Every student should learn this course.This course is very suitable for me.Thanks a lot Dr. Charles for this course.
More Interactive videos are needed and More assignments also. Overall this was a great experience completing the course. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
this class was very helpful to start with python.I would like to see the instructor show windows and mac in the command prompt with examples.
It was a very satisfying experience. Looking forward to learn more. It would have been better if all the courses had been available for free.
This is really a starter's course and helps out people like me who have zero coding background make first step into the world of coding/data.
This was a good intro to programming for sure! The book is very clear and concise. There could have been more information provided each week.
I enjoyed this course and it was a very good introduction to Python.  The free textbook associated with the course is a great reference also.
Even though I'm at an intermediate level in Python programming, this beginner-level course gave me valuable insights in how to teach coding.
I experienced a good course explanation for python.The way of teaching each and every topic  is feasible. I suggest this course to my peers.
This course helped me in clarifying doubts in few areas of python programing.It is a great course where a fresher can start up their career.
It was very nice to learn Python from University of Michigan.It was a kind of rebuting and a king of revision it clear all the doubt .Thanks
informative beginning course that can everyone understand, thanks a lot for this course and I hope complete the other specialization courses
The teacher and teaching method is great. But why didn't the platform cancel my subscription automatically after I finished the whole class?
Excellent course for beginners. Those who have some previous programming experience, may find this a bit elementary. But very well taught: )
Quick win for whoever knows Java or C++.Try jumping onto the videos and complete assignments.So much to finish after this course, good luck!
The course moved quite slow for me, as an experienced C programmer.  I believe the pace would be beneficial for somebody new to programming.
It is more tailored towards a beginner in Python and should be an optional course. Rest the course material is good for a beginner in Python
Could cover more topics, but the topics covered are covered well!Some topics I had in mind:Generators, Decorators, Variable argument methods
Great starter course.  Was challenging at times as I started with a book on python 3 and this course covers 2.7, but overall very well done.
well laid out course. I wish there were more examples and more worked exercises. very engaging overall. The auto grader frustrated me a bit
I learned much things in this course, like control flow, conditional statements, much more. Thanks Dr. Charles Severance alias Dr. Chuck...
A great course to start journey with python easy to understand language.I deeply like the way of teaching I am grateful to coursera and LPU
its a good course for everyone who wnts to learn python. coursera should provide lecture notes in pdf form so that we can revise instantly.
it's a very informative course i have learned a lot of things from my instructor. yeah i wanted to take next class of pyhton for everybody.
It's quite effective for those who are just about to start. This course is favorite to me for it's Python Conditional Classes and exercises
The last assignment was very tough. There were very less clue in the video about that question to solve other than that the course was good
It was a great experience learning and had lot of fun and enjoyed it a lot Thanks to 'Coursera' and University of Michigan for this course.
It was good experience. Slow but deep understanding about Python basics I got from this course. It is best course for starting with python.
Simple illustrations enough to help students to learn along.Yet assignments challenging enough to bring forth endorphins when it is solved!
It is a good course. Quiz and Assignments are helpful. I have learnt a basic of python programming language. A huge thank you to Dr. Chuck.
Great course for novices. If you have coded in a structured language in the past this course seems a little slow but still a good revision.
Simple straight forward and engaging. The course material is well crafted. I loved learning python and all lectures were succint in nature.
Very, very basic - although this was mentioned in the description... I did it anyway, because it was the first in the Python course row...
Great tutor and concepts are very well explained! It would be great if he spoke more about the syntax of loops, the range in for loop etc.
Very clear and well composed course, however practicing tools are a little bit annoying owing to the fact that output must be 100%the same
The explanation is not friendly. Is this how college lectures are supposed to be?  Still, I'm thankful to be able to take college classes.
This is by far the best introduction I had to Python.  The concepts are clear and easy to understand for a beginner.  Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Awesome course for peoples having no programming background. But the people who knows coding will find it very basic to start with python.
This coursera training is most likely appropriate for Python programming beginners but probably not for those that have the basics already
I want to thank Sir Charles for thi great Python course.I've learned a lot and I will continue with the next Python courses! Thanks a lot!
Helps me to start off learning another new programming language. Provides me an alternative perspective when approaching problems at work.
To my point of you, weeks 1 and 2 are kind of unnecessary for what is followed. I think in the should be at least 2 assignments in week 7
It is wonderful  platform to learn python on coursera .  And having a lectures with Dr. Chuck was amazing . And i am a big big fan of him
Good Class for beginners. But there are more topics to cover. More unwanted and useless contents in course and those are must watch also.
Had totally amazing except lecture over-acting.I m going tostart next part as soon as possible.Thankyou, Coursera for amazing experience.
This is good basic learning of python. In this course i will learn all the basic concept which i will further use in working with python.
Very good introduction. Although it progresses a little too fast for someone with absolutely no previous knowledge of programming/coding.
Good Class! Would be a  great class if greater detail was given during lectures that applied to practical application section of testing.
Very enjoyable course, though for me it was just too easy. I have managed to go through everything in just 2 days. I wish there was more.
Good introductory course, however I feel the assignments are too narrow to really test what you have learned until maybe the week  7 one.
Very clear! The only tip is to integrate the textbook with the assignments/slides a bit more, but other than that it's a fantastic course
It really is python for EVERYBODY, was a bit too simple for me. With very little python experience I completed all assignments in 2 days.
Challenging, detailed, just the right amount of everything you need to start learning Python.  However, the lectures were painfully long.
Great handy start up bootcamp for learning basic skills in python programming language. very likeable teacher and good set up of course.
This course is very great and helpful for me i really appreciate Dr.Chcuk's efforts Also i thank coursera for this course's Availability
This course could be a lot more productive if it had more exercises .that would improve the students to grip more to python fundamentals
The course is well defined and properly taught, could have been a bit faster and more content based! Looking forward to the next course!
The professor is very nice and classes are good, however I felt like it was a bit too easy and some parts were explained a bit too much.
Great start with Python. Although not much information for people with experience, the course still provides some important information.
Professor Chuck is very humorous. It is strongly recommended to those who have zero prior experience on programming. It is fun and easy.
I think it could have been more challenging and have had more material. There was too much introductory material in the first two weeks.
As someone with no introduction to programming at all, this course was easy to follow through and was a pretty good introductory course!
i had learned basics of python with good examples,quiz and problems which will help me in future.this course gave confidence to program
The Coursera and this course both helped me with my dreams. The course was way better than I thought and classes were extremely lively.
this was a good help for me to build the basic knowledge of python.I recommend this course whoever wants to know the basis about python
course was good. but need to include more concept because things which were covered in course was too basic.otherwise it is really good
Not enough real time feedback from the automatic grader on assignments in the coding shell. Videos very helpful in explaining concepts!
Assignments are repetitive and little bit hectic to write code. Please improve that otherwise lectures are great with good explanation.
Weird issue on last assignment but other than that amazing. Python was broken down so much you'll feel like a master after every video.
Wished there was a bit more material. I guess it would be a really good course for a beginner with absolutely no programming knowledge.
Well structured! In the HTML version of the book are some type errors (escaped characters), please correct them to help others. Thanks!
Good course. Only I would like to suggest that after a quiz is submitted there should be an option to see what the correct answers were
Basic course, if you already have programming notions, this course might not be necessary. The teacher is very good and good exercises.
Excellent intro to python.  I learned the basics and I believe that future classes can enhance my execution of Python for data science.
For a beginner the course is really well designed in order to learn aspects of programming in python with logical quiz and assignments
the explanation was the exception, but the only thing lacking was that professor should have used the text editor to explain the code.
The content of the course is good. If they provide more examples and exercises for the learners, we may learn the things more clearly.
I found the course good for me. As a starter, I feel little difficult in week 6 and 7 to write program. Otherwise, its absolutely fun.
This course is a good way to learn python. I enjoyed very much this course and the Dr.Chuck is a wonderful teacher! Thank you so much.
The course material is good and well organize and  DR you do a good job and i have so much of fun to learn and go through this course.
It's getting a little bit sophisticated in the last two sections of this course. Reading books prior to lecture is highly recommended.
This course is appropriate for those who do not have any basis on Python. Easy to understand, but in my personal view, it is too easy.
This course is so very good for someone who has no coding experience at all. I am looking to learn python. I found this course useful.
One thing I liked about this course is Chuck keeps us engaged in class room. Office hours and Bonus Chapters are very very interesting
I like it very much, I only had very basic knowledge on programming and still it was easy, could have gone a bit faster in some parts.
its very good for a beginner and a person who is opting to learn coding for the first time , the videos are explanatory and well made
Great content ,anyone with an open mind to learn new things can confidently take this course.This course have a very good instructor.
I really enjoyed this course, can not wait to complete the rest of the series. I have learnt so much. I highly recommend to everyone.
the best course for beginners, other than some of the assignments its very helpful for the beginners, and the instructor is too good.
I'm basically a non- computer person. Still I had an interest to learn a programming pack. I find this course has served the purpose.
I  like the way u teach us,but regarding the assignment if get an error in the code it is just showing the pop without any clear data
The course materials are thoughtfully designed and presented.  Also, complex concepts are succinctly summarized in digestible chunks.
It is very easy to learn and very easy to understand python3 with this course and I am extremely happy to learn this course from you.
Course ' Programming for Everybody ' is really helpful as a beginner in python.This will definitely help for further advance courses.
A very good instructor, great for a beginner, however the curriculum could be more expansive and contain knowledge about more things.
Very easy to follow instructions and the structure of the course is very conducive for  anyone who has interest to learn programming.
This course progresses extremely slowly but it covers the material as advertised. I recommend this to absolute programming beginners.
Very good but for the future I would suggest more interaction with mentors or teachers... maybe one hour Skype class per week for Q&A
Course doesn't go into details, but gives you enough tools to learn your way through with some references other than the course book.
Great course! Perfect for someone who has no prior experience in programming. Dr. Chuck explains every thing in a very lucid manner!
It is a really good course for beginners! Many concepts have been covered (at beginner level) and a good head-start for programming.
a course is going very good. i learn so much basics thing related to the python language. thank you for help in growing my knowledge
The course was a great learning experience. A few more assignments would have been more helpful in getting command over the language
The instructor (Prof Charles Severance) made the videos quite easy and fun. I did not find anything dull and glad I took the course.
Im really enjoyed this course and was easy to follow and permitted to give me the basic knowledge to start a new programming courses
Nothing to say about this course. Dr. Chuck is a good professor. He is awesome and the course is awesome too. Thank for this course.
Quite self sufficient. Easy to follow. Pace is fine but a little bit slow for someone with programming experience in other language.
Love this course, not only for learning Python, but also for the start programmers! The instructor just made the programming so easy
Course content was very simple which helps a new-bee to get acquainted with python in an easy manner. Professor Chuck is also great.
Great teaching by Dr. Charles Severance. He is too good is explaining things very simply. i had a great experience learning Python.
There is something to improve ....the speed should be increased or the content of a video or full course should be more lengthy ...
Very explicit and I love the way Dr Chucks gives examples. Also the quiz will task you to understand the concept. A very great one.
This is the best course for beginner as well as advanced; because , Instructor made it each and every topic in easy way .Thank You.
Thanks you very much !!I learn basic of python  within a week ..!!because our mentor was good.he know how to have fun with studies.
The Teacher was very good, I felt connected with him in each video. Looking forward to doing more courses on python after this one.
Awesome programs, awesome staff, and very easy to understand videos and book! I couldn't have chosen a better course to start with.
its a startingpoint for me to learn the programing language to use it in my filed... why don't you try to apply it in your filed..
very intersting programme really got to learn basics of python though belonging from a non coding background. very helpfull course
The COurse is good, please include more in part 1 of the course, only loops and some functions in 7-week course doesn't work well.
Actually, I had some programming language (C language) and this course was a smooth transition to Python. Recommend it as a start!
good course for someone who is not familiar with programming and wants to learn python. Gonna recommend this course to my friends.
In depth introductory course, deviling into understanding and utilizing python and basic programming as well as how it is written.
Awesome intro course. Multiple simple assignments rather than a few big assignments every week would make this course even better.
A very nice course for the beginners, and hats off to the professors teaching this course from the basic fundamentals. I loved it.
The Professor is amazing and easy to follow. I really learned a lot! I just wish there were more practice problems in the course.
Nice Course. Dr. Chuk is an amazing man. Though I knew all the basics of python still I lived it. The pace could be a bit faster.
The course is great for real begineers. To me, as an engineer who had taken programming lessons previously, it has been too easy.
It is good course for someone wo had not done Python programming,  there should had been more challenging examples or assignments
Its pretty good for people starting with programming, but little slow who already know programming and want to learn python only.
A very good course and the professor has really good communication skills. Must for anybody who wants to get started with python.
oh my god this is excellent, course if you need a clarity on python and ive personally gained the confidence, i can code too....
Straightforward beginner Python tutorial. I highly recommend this course for anyone that needs a brush up in Python programming.
This is very basic course in python I think  that at least some more data type like List , Dictionary must include in thi cours.
The course instructor is excellent, 4 Star because course structure is too easy for those who know another programming language.
the course was really good and the process of incorporating quiz and online code programming made the course more entertaining .
My experience in learning the topics included in this course was good. I was splendid with way of explanation of the instructor.
The first 2 weeks become kind of boring and instead of motivating. Rest is easy to understand but still covers only very basics.
Some explanations are a bit redundant and stretched out, but overall a wonderful course, great teacher and interesting matierial
amazing journey and i have learn many new things about python,thank you coursera for providing such platforms for keen learners
Good content, really fun and nice professor, Good or people really starting off with Python. The tools provided are also great.
I liked the course very much. The way Dr.Chalres taught was ver good.Now I have developed interest in Python.Thank you coursera
The course was really well structured and easy to follow. The professor obviously enjoys teaching materials are easy to follow.
Generally, it is a very approachable book for beginners but I would expect more since quizzes and assignments are bit too easy.
This is a very good introductory course in Python, and programming. If you are new to both, I definitely recommend this course.
A very interesting and clear intro course to learn Python. The textbook is really easy to understand, so as the online lecture!
Breaks down material in an easy to understand manner and makes effective use of technology to administer exams and assignments.
very interesting, easy to learn though you might have challenges if you are new to programming. but its not bad at all, try it!
A great and easy introduction that does not scare away a newcomer.   Learn at your own pace and then enroll in the next course!
The course was well curated till the end.However, the assignment questions were sometimes not in line with the contents taught
A very detailed and explanatory course for a beginner. If you really want to get started with python, this is your first step.
Very good starting point to learn Python! Dr. Chuck helps with very good examples, so easy to follow and good course materials
This is a good introduction to both computer programming and python for students who have little to no experience with either.
This is the first course I would start before anything... This is what I was looking for as a complete very beginner course...
Would love to see more assignments or practice exercises that do not count towards grade to help especially in the loops part.
Pretty good intro, you can kind of use the exact same code on each homework though. So there is not as much learning going on.
7 weeks done in a day ... this was REALLY for beginners. You might want to highlight it a little more.Let's see the next one !
very good lectures and even fun. the tool is extremely useful.more feedback and assistance would generally improve the quality
Well this course is remarkable and helps me to refer each and every module  of this course so thoroughly. Thank you again  Sir
The program was very Intresting  and the instructor had tried his best to gain the attention from the student towards python.
I don't like the open-source tool in this course. As we cannot write "Pay" in place of "pay". It shows output does not match.
Always leave room for improvement, hence 4 stars... but I really should not know what to improve ;-) Total fan of Dr. Chuck!!
Awesome intro. . wish the lectures weren't so slow.  many points could have been made much more concisely.  great foundation.
Amazing help from the Professor. Great help for beginners and it opens a new perspective and insight into intuitive learning.
Very Good Overview of the basics of Python. I would recommend to anyone who wants to learn the how to start coding in Python.
The course is great so far. However, i'm facing technical issues with the auto-grader and with using the phython tool online.
I have experiences associated python from this course. Teaching is very satisfied.I am very happy for attending this course.
It is good course for beginners in programming field. Hope that Dr. Chuk comes up with an in depth python programming course
Perhaps this course could have been more resourceful, but I understand this is intended for just a brief interview of python
It was very good I mean the flow with which it was delivered was outstanding except the assignment was not that challenging.
The course is very helpful for the newbies who don't know how to code in python.Thank you for helping in python programming.
examples for excersice 4.6 wasnt enought.i needed to research a lot to complete that part. i sugest more videos on that part
The course is great and Dr Chuck is just awesome though I really wanted it to be more challenging to develop powerful skills
I am lucky to have some knowledge of programming so this was a very quick way to start learning python. Good course. Cheers!
Good for people new to programming but a bit slow pace for me. Look forward to the next course covering rest of the chapters
loved the way of teaching, I already have programming knowledge and the ways instructor delivered is fun to watch and learn.
Mr. Chuck knows his material and constructed a course widely. You won't be regret learning Python from Mr. Chuck. Good Luck!
Good for people new to both python and programming in general; not particularly useful if you have any experience of either.
It's a good course, but sometimes I hava problems with web-bags (my information - actions) were unavailable or didn't update
Very informative, clear and concise. Easy to follow and the videos, excersises and the quizes are structured in a great way.
Great introductory course for programming in general (if you're familiar with other languages you should skip a few videos).
The course is too easy if you know any programming language, but I think that it is very helpful for newbies in programming.
i definately learn some new skill with this course, the course is absolutely very relevant  and  enhance my learning  skill
It was a wonderful experience to learn programming to python from an international university. I really enjoyed the courses
Amazing and Wonderful course . The instructor really is professional but the speed of imparting knowledge is a bit faster .
This course is suitable for everbody as name of it.When you have finished this course,you will be confident in programming.
this corse is very useful for bigners as the prof. teaching style is very east understand and cover mostly realated topics.
This course will help you understand the basics of python very comfortably. I would suggest the aspirer opt for this course
I definetly recomment this course as a start point: very interesting course material, good teacher. There is all you NEED!!
Explanations are clear to understand.Feels more confident after completing course 1. Hope will be more in upcoming courses.
This course is really good for beginners to start with , covered the very basic things one needs to learn basic programming
The practice questions could be a bit more challenging but the videos are easy to understand and follow, even for a newbie.
Over All great experience the one thing is suggest is to add more difficult problems at the end of each concept to test it.
Great course. Really enjoyed learning Python fundamentals. More exercises should be included as part of assignment. Thanks!
Great course, up to its name! I think literally anybody can follow what the teacher says with a little bit of resilience!!
A good course and  if you never had done a coding,Then please take this course and will definitely motivate you for coding
Very Good explanation by the tutor, but there is one request from me that please include python data-types in this course.
Its of course a good and resourceful tutorial for beginners. Hope u guys will meet what u want in your achieving goals....
Too Simple, it is good for people who knows nothing about coding.... not for people who want to work on it as a career....
Couple assignments are harder than lectures, which get challenging and frustrating(esp for beginners). In general helpful!
It was good. Forums were annoying because no one responded to my questions but overall the videos were easy to understand.
A very good course to introduce the fundamentals of both Python and programming in general.Wish I had a teacher like this!
The course is designed well for beginners. However there are a lot of issues with the auto grader which needs to be fixed.
Some of the lectures could be a little more direct.  Some of the examples/ exercises could could be more concise.  Thanks!
Very basic level but the professor manages to keep lectures interesting and later courses get more challenging and useful.
Good intro to Python - very instructive videos especially on the installation and actual implementation/use of the program
its fantastic course for beginner because even i am from mechanical branch and i also understand the basic of programming
In this course the teacher explain every basic concept and it is a better choice who want to beginning in python language
I enjoyed the course and it gave me great insights regarding python language, and I am becoming more fluent in the lingo.
Really good study and practical materials I really liked it.It would've  been better if the autograder works correctly .!
Good course well conducted.Assignment is too stringent in checking code , it should be very flexible specially 5.2.Thnks
very nice course and extra stuff was also provided like books and the interviews with other tech people, i enjoyed them.
if you provide more deep knowledge on python with examples then it will be so great..Thank you so much to the Professor.
The duration is too long according to the syllabus;  The certificate does not mentions the duration of the course. :((((
Very educative and please watch the videos he explains the topics better in those videos.  Secondly, he is never boring.
I would love to see more emphasis on the syntax of the language from where colons should be used to "try" then "except".
Pretty good beginner course but doesn't go deep enough. Hopefully the next courses in the series are more informational.
It's really for people without any programming background. To me, as an experienced programmer, it's not concise enough.
Great course delivery and loved the extra videos, however as an experienced java developer I found the course too basic.
This is the best platform to learn .assessments and quiz helped alot to gain knowledge.the way of teaching is very nice
Its Fantastic Course for beginners who want to learn python language. The video lecture aur smooth and easy to capture.
Had Great learning Experience of python. Course content the great explanation of concepts explainedwell in easy manner,
it was a good experiecne learing my 1st programming language. Though it's the half part I've learnt but really enjoyed.
This course is very helpful for beginners and if you know the basics of python then try with intermediate level course.
This is a great course. Professor Chuck did a great job. The shortcoming of this course is the lack of exercise problem
I really liked the lecturer the only missing thing was the gap between the lecture content and exercise for a beginner.
It was a pretty good beginner course.I wish the difficulty level of the course and the quizzes should have been harder.
Excellent way to start learning Python. Course focuses on the fundamentals of programming as well as syntax for python.
A very good explanatory by Dr Charles severance about Python Introduction course with tips and tricks taught very well.
This course is great for programmer newer, but I just complete this course to get the certificate for the last project.
very basic course. Easy for a bit experienced programmers but I know this is meant for someone who is just starting out
Easy to follow, and the Dr Chuck is quite interesting. However, the pace is a little slow. Still a good course, though.
Great course for beginners in programming. Looking forward to the second of the series of Python specialization course.
it was good and fun course walk with you patiently and doesn't let sth small pass away .it was fun to take this course
the readings are easy and quiz also but those assignment problems are hard they jump you in without carrying your hand
This course overall was done fairly well, was easy to understand and broke down the core concepts very well. Thank you
It was a great experience to learn in this Coursera, and it is an excellent online platform to learn anything we want.
This course is great! I only gave it 4 starts because I think it goes a little slow but anyways, it is a great course!
for some reason or was not working in the python editor so copy pasting the code from atom text editor was not possibe
Professor Charles has explained each and every topic very well and I'm looking forward to do more courses in COURSERA.
sir we have lot of experience on this python course in coursera...thank you sir for providing such a amazing platform.
It was very informative.More of programming problems could have been given as an assignment and less of video lecture.
It is nicely structured and good flow for even novice to start. Hoping the advanced content will be in same easy flow.
It was a good course, it explains you the basic of python. I personally loved this course going slowly and thoroughly.
it is helped a lot to understanding  python language and I'm very thankful to coursera to giving  me this opportunity.
I am just little bit busy now a days on my android work but its wonderfully organised and i will complete this program
I enjoyed the lectures and practice problems and now looking forward to tackle more challenging concepts and projects.
A basic course for python learners, very suitable for those who know little about programming and want to get started.
It's a great course, although it should have exercises or examples with greater difficulty to make us think even more
How can I move to next course of this specialization?I have completed the first and now I want to move on to the next
A basic course in Python. Good for beginners. Since I have not new to programming, I completed the course in 6 hours.
I felt more confident after pursuing this course learnt few new things  but it should include more practice problems.
An such a  nice concept to learn a python programming language. it explains the basics of easy way of python programs
Gives a good grip on fundamentals of programming. Helped me understand programming and how easy it can be. Thank You.
It is one of the best courses to start with. The course content was very well presented and I loved learning from it.
The Course was awesome although I felt it was bit too easy but apart from that I enjoyed the assessments and quizzes.
Well it's good beginners course, but i think you can teach more syntax and tools before heading into Data structures.
Well thought out sequencing of covered topics.  Decent incorporation of learned capabilities in subsequent exercises.
Absolutely wonderful class and wonderful instructor. If he were my professor,I would not listen to an online course.
It was a very interesting course. Exciting and productive one. Thank you Dr. Chuck. Cheers for Coursera. Thank you:)
it was very good experience to learn programming language with real life  connected thing,thank you so much for that
it was really nice Learning and really had fun . Most beautiful thing about this course is the assignment and  quiz.
The course is great for beginners. I had a little knowledge of C beforehand, and I found this course to be too slow.
Everything about this course is perfect. But there could have been more number of practice problems for the students
firstly ii would like tell thanks to coursera  for providing this apportunity to me and this a gog contntable course
The course is very nicely paced for someone who wants to learn programming but has no prior knowledge or experience.
Good course for the Basics, It is very simple and easy to understand even for a person who doesn't know programming.
Since i come from a programmer background i found it little slow.Where is "switch" statement? or "bitwise" operator?
This is amazing course to learn programming. Even person from non programming background can get confidence at this,
Chuck is a very interesting lecturer and the material is very good, although the course is a little bit too trivial.
Great Work by Coursera Team and University of Michigan , Looking forward to complete entire specialisation course...
An easy and interesting introduction... but thing go very slowly if if already have few knowledge about programming.
this is so helpfull for the beginners to learn basics like syntax ,loops ,control statment etc..,easy to understand
This course really helped me alot in learning the python basics and also in writing the programs in python language
excellent learning experience with good basic foundation of python.Encouraged to go deeper in programming language.
In this course I was learnt how programming will be done and how keywords and syntax are used while doing the code.
thank your sir for providing this course for coursera ..i dont know..it is very useful for us for doing coursera ..
The course is enriched with knowledge and most particularly to the point. No random and unexplained pointed taught.
Its been amazing to know so many new things about python and I also learned various new things. thank you for that.
Very  Good Module structure everyone can understand the content. And learn Python Language. Best course for online.
Well course is good but it is very basics so you have to do more stuffs...but one thing you just getting started...
Great class.Wish there was more hands on assignments that slowly built up instead of lumping all together per week.
It was really nice because of the well explained contents. The way the teacher explained the course was really nice
A nice course for beginners. And what's better than get a certificate from one of top Universities in the world! :)
One of the best beginner course I've enrolled thus fur. Thanks to thy instructor who made this so easy and smooth.
Programming simplified !This course has taught me how to visualise a given problem in the way a computer reads it.
Very informative and educational, however on the practicals, a lack of reference examples held me up considerably.
Great course! Dr. Chuck is a terrific instructor. I learned a great deal about Python basics. Ready to learn more!
Dear teacherFirst of all thanks for your beautiful job.I appreciate your hared work.RegardsAbu Sayem Md Habibullah
Nice onramp to programming, makes no assumptions about prior knowledge but does not treat you like a fool as well.
It's very easy in the beginning, maybe a bit too easy, but a great start if you are completely new to programming.
Overall i liked the course, but it was short, sometimes with barely any weekly content compared to other courses.
I really enjoy learning Python in this course. Looking forward to diving into a bit more advanced one. Thank you.
If your about to start python from scratch but with zero programming experience, then it will be great kick start
it was great!!And the professor was really kind i will love to learn more programming skills from him..Namste Sir
The instructor is really very helpful and kept the course so interesting it was really a fun experience to learn.
Course material is taught very well. Instructor approaches the material in a very easy way for all to understand.
Best for beginners, but if you know something about Python and can write some of it, this is not suitable to you.
Very clear and helpful. I learned a lot. The only thing is that it could use more assignments, practice problems.
A good review of the fundamentals of Python and allow learners to understand how it really works at the back end.
For programmer who knows in advance a bit of syntax of python language .This course can be completed in few hours
I like very much the way for checking the code and the results, I would remove from the course al extra material.
This course is good for me, but I think you should give more exercises for each structure. Thank for your course.
It was really useful and it was really for a beginner. Now i can explore more in Python. Assignments were useful.
Its a very wonderful course. very easy and simple explanation has been provided by the instructor of the course.
i typed the code in the assignment  correctly still it showed error sometimes but the overall course was helpful
This is obviously a great course for beginners. But, I wished more contents and in-depth knowledge about python.
Could've been better if discussion includes some complex algorithms as examples. Assignments would've helped too
Easy to understand what have been taught under this first 5 chapters.  Keep continuing for next course for sure!
A very easy and understandable way of explaining things. Enjoyed these course from the very beginning to the end
very good for people don't know nothing of programming, a little boring to people know the basics of programming
It is good one. A beginner must try this. A little more exercise can be given for making learning better. Great.
I am very excited to learn this course in easy way which is probably learn some basics about python programming.
The course was really helpful that it makes everyone to learn python who doesn't know anything about programming
the courese was awesome with the best explaination.the faculty teaching the course was the best i have ever met.
A great course and introduction to coding. It would be even better if there are more exercises to practise with!
Good course, but material was not particularly challenging. Hoping this ramps up as the certificate moves along.
An excellent introduction to programming.If you're already a programmer, you will find this class much too slow.
Had a very nice time learning Python and got a lot out of this course. Would definitely recommend for beginners.
The course was nicely presented and the course material was lao quite good but the teaching speed was too slow.
Overall course has good value providing an individual new to Python to learn and understand key Python concepts
The course was very good and the content is also amazing. In this course the teacher meet my level of learning.
Good course for everyone with no experience with coding. I would give 5 start if there were more DIY exercises.
Very easy to jump in for someone who has never programmed before. A little slow for people who have experience.
Great course. Parts move a little slowly. That can be mitigated by fast forwarding through parts of the videos.
It is a good course for the people who are new to programming. The instructor is really intuitive and engaging.
Quick and simple, very easy if you have some knowledge of what you are doing.  Good if you are getting started.
This is a very basic course. Recommended to those who doesn't know anything about python or basic programming.
Great introduction to Python but I definitely wish there was a lot more external exercises for us to practice.
The course is good for the beginers still some more basics can be added. Otherwise its good starter for python
I had a great learning experience in this course.This course helped me a lot to enrich my knowledge in python,
good teaching and good material .and tests are also very content based.the assingments are also good designed.
Course was good with basics. Best thing about the program is having videos of entrepreneurs, participants etc.
The course was very informative it brush up my all basic concept of pythonThanks ..for such a wonderful course
The course is explained very clearly so it is easy to understand.Thank you very much for providing this course
Mr. Severance was fantastic instructor. Course was fine but the tool box almost makes me cancer for few times.
Good course to start with and the instructor makes the lectures quite involving and its actually fun to code .
I found this course good for beginners  and I wish to learn more things and training  for advanced programming
Very good course. But super short and basic. It really requires the rest of the courses in the specialization.
Rudimentary introduction of programming. Beginners would find this course very helpful in understanding Python
Great effort by the team of coursera and Dr. Chuck.I liked the simplicity of the course. Perfect for beginners
Good Course for beginners,although students with little coding experience will find this course a little slow.
Very nice introduction but maybe a bit too verbose. The material could be covered within 1 week, instead of 7.
Excellent course! Everyone should take this course and try their hands on a great programming language -Python
The course is amazing and it is for absolute beginners anyone can learn it without having any prior knowledge
It was a wonderful experience as a beginner in python the course pattern is easy to understand and effective.
The course is good for beginners.  I learned a lot from this course. Thanks, Coursera Team and Python trainer
this is amazing course for freshers and who is new to programing thank you for providing this kind of courses
Well crafted programming course with amazing assignment programs that for sure boosts your programming skills
It was really good. I learned a lot about the basics of programming language will be joining the next course.
I really enjoyed this while learning and practicing the code.it was amazing to solve quizzes and assignments.
the whole course was perfectly fine. just that there was no solution video for the last assignment. thank you
Really good course for beginners . helps to build basic concepts of python for further studies related to it.
It was interesting and awesome to study your course. Please provide much awareness of your presence.Thank you
It was a good course but it was too easy . May be it is made for those having no prior programming experience
Very easy to understand and methodical. A great introduction to programming and to online courses in general.
Good beginner course! For the content is not so intimidating for beginner to chicken out half-way. Thumbs up!
I hope some important data structures such as pointer, 2 dimensional array, etc. can be added to this course.
Good for beginners to programming. A bit slow if you already know programming, and just want to learn Python.
This course was excellent for the beginner.  A little more content for the length would have made it 5 stars.
the interactive way to build some simple automation scripts might increase focus and curiosity towards this.
i would like to say jupyter notebook should be used to make easier and lot of pratice coding should be given
This course is really interesting for me.....its really help me to develep my coding skills.....thank you...
Great start, but sometimes the tool was unable to understand another code that match to the problem planted.
prof. is great at teaching explain every term in program happy to do this and many more courses with cousera
It was an amazing experience with amazing and worlds best teacher.thank you for recruiting such best teacher
it was good ,felt so differently while learning it but actually to say ,over all it was a great experience .
Good class but a little bit easy. Could include more information and details.Professor Severance is amazing.
It is just too simple for somebody who knows coding. Content of this course is not enough for Python coding.
This course is good for a person who has no idea about programming.This course starts from the very scratch.
Really good intro course - very engaging instructor, one star down as I would have liked it have been longer
Good for someone who is starting to code. People who already know how to code in any language may skip this.
I thank coursera for this wonderful opportunity.This is a good course for learning basic concepts in python.
Very good for beginners. But please improve colors of flowchart, i can't see the text inside the flowcharts.
Very helpful in understanding basics of Python and easily as well as interestingly explained by the teacher
good course but it is mainly focused on basics of  programming. better to increase the depth in programming
The course was amazing and moreover, it is so much fun and easy to understand. Thanks to the Professor..!!!
For me getting started with python is excited.  video teaching is good and understandable finally i love it
overall course was good. But there could have been more examples , different programmes and more assignment
It is a easy course ,In this course they teach us only basics and there assignments are so easy to complete
It was really interesting, i enjoyed learning a lot. Ill be completing all the other courses of Python too.
Mentor is really good, it would be more better if we can check the answer of the assignment intermediately.
great teacher and a great platform to learn , even though not having resources offline. Thank you coursera.
This course is awsome. But there could be more practice exercises, that would be more awsome to learn code.
This Course is extremely basic but it is explained so well and has helped me refresh all the basic concepts
They videos were great, they definitely help me understand different concepts and how python actually work.
everythings good but python tool sucks especially indent problem. ( I programmed most of things on spyder.)
Some of the practices were a bit too easy. Should consider giving more practice and let ppl write more code
This course did the job of teaching me the basics of Python programming in a fun, exiting and engaging way.
Takes a bit of time to get into the nuance of Python if familiar with coding, but ultimately as advertised.
Nice material delivery, but it is almost impossible to get help from assisting staff with your assignments
Very good step by step introductions.  Easy to follow. Good for people without any programming background.
It was a good  experience since this is my first course on coursera.I likely to engaged in another course.
It is a very good course, but if you are complete beginner to programming then it will definitely help you
it is a very useful course..and i am thank to coursera giving a very good platform to get the knowledge...
This is a good course but there should be still much of the contents so that students can learn more .....
could have explained better the following part*loops and iterationhad difficulty in solving assignment 5.2
I like the explanation behind functions, variables, arguments, parameters, etc. Provides the why with how.
This course was really good, but one thing that I didn't like is that there were few practice assignments.
Wonderful open course, the teacher is a very humorous and skillful person, I want to continue the next!!!!
it was so helpful to learn python lunguage as beginner but assignment should be little more hard. thanks.
This course is good for beginners. The instructor has explained every topic in detail and in an easy way.
great for students learning the basics for the first time, would suggest teaching loops before functions.
Great course for beginners whose do not practiced Python before. Needs more exercises to master concepts.
For a course spread across 7 weeks it has relatively less amount of content. But the delivery is awesome!
Excellent first class for understanding Python. Charles is funny and takes his time through the material.
A great course. I think more exercises to work on would be useful, but can probably find these elsewhere.
It was a good course to start at....looking with huge expectations at other courses in the specialisation
Very, very good intro course to Python!  A few bugs in submission software, but great experience overall!
There is more work that what the videos show, but the book and the curated notes are more than sufficient
beautifully taught :) thank you Sir. Also, if there were more assignments it would have been even better.
Good course, but I think people should study each week without rush in order to really learn how to code
I really enjoyed the teaching style and the assignments, it made me program before watching the lessons.
It was very useful. I am looking forward to learn more courses like these. The instructoe was too good!!
please make sure that more examples could be added before giving the assignments that would really help.
Need to increase the depth of the topic and add more assignments to do which can help us practice more.N
It was good being learnt from this course but I expected lot more stuff in deep about python programming
Good course overall.Great one to startoff.Good instructor,mentor,more of a friendly teacher.enjoyed it..
its really helpful to learn programming that to pythonbut i think...... need more examples in topic wise
Excellent! I love the course and will surely move forward with the next 4 courses in this specialization
I will say, this is an essential course you can gift yourself, if you are new to programming and python.
This course is so useful to learn about basic concept of python. Thanks coursera. and all teaching staff
A good course overall. The tutor could be more concise in the concepts. Overall very good for beginners.
Rather easy. Maybe there can be a test before the course to see if the student needs to take the course.
This is best course for beginners, who selects Python his/her first learning language. So keep learning.
I thought, I knew a bit of Python before enrolling into the course however ended up learning a lot more.
Its a good place to start. I appreciate this community for giving me a chance to have an accomplishment.
I was hoping to get more on  function and array based operations in the tasks.But all in all it's great!
really great course for beginners,for the people who have already learnt programming it's a great recap!
Good for most entry-level. For people who already have a basic knowledge of the course will be very easy
I thought of that the first two weeks in this course is boring....and the rest is great and informative
It is a well managed course and is taught beautifully.But it should have been promoted On linux system.
its very pleasure to being a part of this course .And i gained some experienced from this course again.
The course is good but not for the people who already know programming , good for the beginners though.
Best course to begin your programming with. Kick start the beginning of your new path into programming.
Basic/beginner python syntax and coding elements. FYI: More work needs to be done to become proficient.
Professor is very detailed and clear in every lecture. I would highly recommend this class to my peers.
Very good for beginners. People who doesn't know anything about programming will be able to learn fast.
Course is great, but the platforms has some bugs, which is very annoying when you are completing tasks.
Good course for begginers but quite boring for those who know programming in language other than python
It is very good for beginners. Material and "Bonus " Videos were adding more information to the course.
Laudable the Creative Commons approach and the material was quite all right. Keep up the wonderful job!
It's really very good in understanding the codes in easier manner . So I hope this course has given it
the course was good but more questions should be given in video as examples as to make concept strong.
I learned about Python language with greatfully.courser is the one of best platform for online courses
Great course! Highly recommended to those who are new comers in this coding universe or python family!
It was a great experience to complete this course. Thanks to the instructor specially, he was amazing.
I wish it had more assignments and competitive level coding, but is still had a far better experience.
Very nice for total beginner at coding. I've already recommended this course to my friends. Must learn
I found found this helpful and I learned a lot from this course now I am able to write codes in python
The way of teaching and explanation was fabulousquizzes and assignments are good!!Thanks to "Coursera"
Great course, this is the first course I actually finished.
I hope It will help me in the near future.
Very easy for matlab-user. The detailed instruction and slow pace would be quite friendly to starters.
very interesting and challenging, though the mentors were very quick to respond to queries! thank you.
More coding exercises, as optional for example, would be nice. Otherwise good course and guide videos.
It's a helpful course for beginners to startr with programming. It's thorough and explained properly.
I have learned a lot about python programming. It is really a very helpful course.Thank you Coursera.
It took me one night to complete this course. I am sorry to say but it was really for beginners only.
Course was helpful in understanding fundamentals and basics of programming as well as python language
The most useful course for the future scope.tooand for the beginners it is week understandable course
it 's a nice experience with a python. i have learned a much better and i likes this course,thank you
Amazing course and use of auto-grader environment will surely enhancing the learning of the learners.
The concepts are vey good from a begineer point of view and the tutor made them fun to grasp as well.
a great course for a beginner but could have further described other topics as well on a basic level.
I liked very much the instructor and the content of this course, but I think it needs more exercises.
It is great experience of mine. Thank you so much to provide us a wonderful  plate form for learning.
it was very good, hes giving too much details in each chapter which is not required but still love it
Very useful course. A bit slow for people who has some computing background. But definitely recommend
Assignments are really very usefull,and the videos are clearly understandable it can be of more depth
Good courser to get started with the basics of programming and from here spring board to other areas.
Excellent course, maybe a bit more exercises (or at least links to sources) would make it more useful
Really good class and pretty easy to follow. I do wish some of the assignments had more explanation.
A very good course for beginners. Highly recommended if you want to learn the basics of programming.
this course is quite good to know the basics of python programming. i enjoyed learning it.thank you.
It was a good experience to learn Python programming. Thanks for providing us such a great platform.
This course was quite helpful in understandings basics of python from scratch.  I really enjoyed it.
Really had a good experience in learning and brushing up the basics it was really an helpful session
The course had a very smooth upward learning curve whilst providing slightly challenging assignments
good course I will recommend to my friends also. I learn the fandamentals of python from this course
A great introduction. A few too many idiomatic expressions and trick questions, but I learned a lot.
I go to learn lot of programming concept, the instructor was very involved in the course. Thank you.
Excellent introduction to programming Python. The course layout, pace and instruction are well done.
This is a very good course I swear. Very practical and good explanations from the teacher. Thank you
It’s good for the beginners, but it would best if you keep the advance level of python programming.
personal recommendation for all the beginners out there trying to gain basic knowledge of  python3.
It was a good experience , and this course helped me very much and cleared a lot topics , thank you
Great experience with this course.I have now sort of getting knowledge of this python programming .
its better if you start with the simply questions for an assignment and slowly increase the level..
I'm BEING very glad for UoM , that they thought me python ,and they make me UNDERSTAND the basics .
nice coursework to start basic of pythons. instructor is damn cool and teaching style is impressive
Very nice and knowledgeable instructor but that's really a beginner of a beginner kind of course...
It is just part 1 of 5... unfortunately we can just do part 1 for free. Not very useful in this way
here from this course i have studied basic python programming,so it is a very interesting to learn.
in my opinion there should be more ,smaller, and less complicated assignments with the grading tool
Good course, learned a lot. The assignments and quiz helped me to grow more and enjoy the language.
you can add one chapter in it where there are all keywords because all keyword are not explained it
t is difficult for foreigners to understand what is needed in Chapter 2. I still have this practice
Well paced, well explained. The only bad side I found, was the lack of a solution to the exercises.
Dr. Chuck makes the material simple and easy to understand.  The course material is well done, too.
This is an awesome and excellent course for beginners(who are passionate about python programming).
Good course. I am a novice, but not a completely blank slate. So I learned mostly about the syntax.
It's very good course for beginners, simple and clear. But sometimes the 'play ground' works weird.
The course was interesting, excellent examples and very nice as an entry-level programming lecture.
Great course - I like the short book chapters and short videos. Looking forward to the next course.
Great into course to Python. The assignments tool can be a little buggy sometimes but overall great
Very good for beginners but if you have prior experience in programming. this course is NOT for you
Nice starting point. Professor often gets over excited with the marker ,  obliterating the slides.
Add other things in course related Python...like classes and objects, file handling and so on.....
As we chase the end difficulty level of exercises and number of assingments provided are very less
Easy and nice for quick learning. Maybe the assignments should be made more challenging. Liked it,
very good and easily understandable concepts .thankyou for providing me such important knoweledge.
It is really helpfull to achieve My career goal and also thanks for dr. Chuck to your instruction.
i felt the teaching was very fast for a beginner to understand !! but it was an informative course
the teaching method of the teacher is really funi just think the lectures were too short sometimes
its a very good practice for me in these lock down days.I am utilizing my time in a efficient way.
I learned a great deal in this course and hopefully, it will keep me motivated to learn even more.
A great introduction that teaches the principles and foundation of programming simply and clearly.
Great tempo, explanations, and exercises....To give 5 starts, I would have liked more assignments.
Some of the coding exercises have mistakes in them. Other than that, a great course for beginners.
I've learnt something new in programming. Hope to get a greater in-depth with Python programming!
I really loved this course.Through this course I am able to learn new things.Thankyou so much....
Interesting course, but I think it will be even better if there are more assignments to practice.
This was a good revision course for me as I had started with the basics a bit before this course.
It is an excellent course for beginners.If more problems are added to this course.It would better
The program is very informative for those who want to start from scratch with very good Guidence.
From this course i learnt several basic about the python and the tutor of this course is awesome.
This is one of the nice course.Mainly professor is very experienced dedicated with good examples.
programming for everybody (in python) is my first step towards programming this course is awesome
The course definitely covers the basic aspects of Python programming language with great details.
Very basic, could be a bit more informative but in general I will definitely recommend to friends
Very very basic intro course... Great for students new to programming without a C, C++ background
Excellent technique to clear up basics of programming and how the code works at the system level.
Useful for Beginners! Maybe a bit slow for people with experience in other programming languages.
I really liked it. The optional videos are a little extra but the content of the course is great
It was fantastic experience of learning Python. I was doing coding first time and enjoyed a lot.
Nice start to the world of programming with python, and loved the frank nature of the professor.
it was a great course but the forum that helps with doubt wasn't fast but the teaching was great
Thank you for using simple language . It was very easy to grab the basic understanding of python
very good experience, but not good interface in mobile app while submit programming assignments.
pretty much informative and a great start for people wanting to enter in the data science field.
it was a nice experience to learn from coursera now the concepts about python get more cleared .
Great tutorial and explanations. Would be better if have more algorithm questions for practice !
It is a good introductory course, but more complicated parts of python could be covered as well.
If you have any previous experience in coding, choose a harder course. This one is really basic.
perfect start to learn python.but it could have made even better instead of dragging the lecture
Nice introduction to Python but might be a bot too basis for those already familiar with Python.
it is better to read the notes after completing the course and getting the full knowledge on it
It was indeed a satisfactory course.Those who want to learn python from scratch can opt for it.
That was brilliant course to learn python from beginning level. Great Instructor, great course.
thank you sir for start the python from the basic. this course cover basics of python language.
It is an absolute gem for students who are going to start their journey to the world of python.
Very interesting lecture for Beginners. I really enjoyed my learning. Good learning experience.
I had prior programming  knowledge but still i learnt so many new basic skills from this course
its really easy to understand what professor want to tech us and learned and enjoyed the course
The teacher explains everything very well, personally i'm missing (some) excercises to practice
Great course, would like to see more assignments and/or examples to really cement the learning.
All-around a well explained course. Loops was a bit fast (both in material and speaking videos)
really good, great for beginners, need to get rid of slides with white text on green background
I highly recommend this course to anyone who loves to learn python.Great learning experience !
Thanks..! for giving such a wonderful course. I learned lot of about Basic python programming.
over all course is good .But, in some programs "lists" has used without discussing it before .
Very informative course, especially for all beginners starting to learn programming languages.
i had learned basics of python .I think this is the good way to learn and im benefited by this
The course is very useful for student who want to go with python.But it is only for beginners.
Good basic introduction, pace of videos a little slow but perhaps ideal for beginners like me!
This is the basic but starts giving you good practice and building on to what you have learned
Its a wonder full class. Its a grate way to start learning and understanding python language.
Good course and material . Grate explanation so did not feel any pressure. I like this course
Enjoy a lot, thanks Mr.Chuk for ur wonderful presentation...hopefully see u in the next class
Great ContentThe professor teaches really well More coding programs can be given for practice
good course for learning the logic of programming but it's need some small project in the end
nice it taught me and helped me in learning basics of python and made me confident in basics.
Great course for a first time Python user! Very simple if you have coding experience, though.
Very good for absolute beginner programmers. And can be finished in one or two days actually.
Need more grammar and also the hard assignment to think more but I really learn a lot thanks.
I really enjoyed to follow this course. I recommend for everyone who are starting with Python
Very straight-forward and easy to understand, especially for those without coding experience.
It was good but sometimes I was thinking that some of the aspects could be explained quicker.
A bit too easy for a person who has used python a bit before. Otherwise, fun and interesting.
It's too easy! I know this is a beginner course, but in my opinion, it's too easy and slowly.
Good to start learning python from scratch. The Bonus Video are Awesome. I Loved this course.
I liked the course quite interesting but basic overall i enjoyed the quiz and the interview.
would be more efficient if more topics would have been covered instead of big video lectures
Good Python course for beginners.Materials are perfect to learn. And good teaching mathology
its a very good course for beginners who are into python and doesnt have any basic knowledge
Excited to learn basics of Python in this course. Expected more depth in the course syllabus
all are good sir but we cant able to catch your speed sir so i kindly request to tell slowly
Really good introductory course, but I think it would be better if it were more challenging.
This course is easy to understand Python program and Professor's explain is really wonderful
Great course! Some concepts not fully explained but if you use logic, you can figure it out.
IMHO perfect teaching content, but just missing a little bit more complex practice exercises
Excellent introduction to the Python language.  Looking forward to apply what I have learnt.
I suggest this course for beginner students, mainly those don't basic kwonledge in computer.
This is a nice introductory course to programing with good foundations to continue learning.
Very interesting course, linear with a good teacher.i would have liked to do more exercises.
Had great time in learning python. Loved the way Dr. Charles Russell explains the concepts.
I just took a coursera platform as a opportunity to learn a python language. It was so good
It would be awesome if the concept of Generators be included in the chapter about functions
excellent course to start learning python, the logic behind everything is explained as well
The course was amazing, looking forward to enroll in the next one under the specialization.
Professor Charles is a great teacher.My concepts of python are pretty strong and clear now.
I have the amazing experiance with this course also the teacher is also so much interesting
Perfect Course for Beginners. More assignments would have been a bonus!! Loved the classes.
Some of the lectures were a bit too informal to my taste, but still got the messages across
It will be nice to add some more extra exercises with a complete guide in the wiki section.
Really enjoyed the classes and Professor Chuck teaching method is fun as well as efficient!
Enjoyed, enjoyed the insights from lecturer and bonus interviews.  Content all had purpose.
Excellent course . One can easily learn basics of Python programing from this MOOC course.
Great introductory course. Although I recommend the course have more interactive practice.
Please enroll in this course and especially if you are a complete beginner to programming.
Its absolutely comfortable platform to learn new things about.its really helpful.thankyou!
Really great experience undergoing this course which covers basics with some good examples
very nice course and content I have learned many new things in a different way here thanks
Fantastic - i liked the content and especially the bonus content after each weeks content.
Good intro course.  set realistic expectations for someone who has never done this before.
It was fun learning python, and proffesor russell more ihelpful with teaching experiance.
Very fantastic beginners course for python learning, i surely recommend this to everyone.
a very good course for beginners . it has helped me a lot in understanding python basics.
This is my outstanding course. And this is a very helpful for a computer science student.
Last assignment was little bit tough. I would have enjoyed if there where more like that.
A good course to overcome the fear of Python and establish a strong base in the language.
Good course. I expected more assignment questions, but no other comments apart from that.
A very good introduction. I would have liked to carry on and learn some more about th OOP
Very manageable for beginners, appreciated the depth of info and the help of the mentors.
very informative course that enables you to start python programming without any problem.
that's very good step at this course the course give me the principals of python language
Basic stuff. The professor seemed amicable and his manner of teaching was understandable.
Pretty well laid out. My only regret is that I can't even access assignments without pay.
A bit easier if you know a bit about programming, pretty recommended if you know nothing.
Good material and funny professor makes it easy. However, assignments are a bit too easy.
Course for beginner to study Python.Thank you professor Severance with exellent lectures!
You have to be extremely unfamiliar with programming to stay interested at the beginning.
It is a good course to begin with your python journey. But 'miles to go before I sleep'.
Very Good Course and Explanation From Faculty is Excellent.The Way Of Teaching Is Great.
if you are a beginner ,you will get a pretty good idea about programming.really helpfull
it was  really a great experience and i will make sure improve my further in this course
It is very useful course for absolute beginner programmer,and way of teaching is amazing
just add more weeks and programming things in it . It's a very fruitfull course although
You didnt talk about list and few more things which should have been covered here itself
this is a awsome classroom. anywhere i can learn and the videos connect with the student
This is a very good course. I get to know very much about Python as well as programming.
i m a java developer, i went for just went to this course to just watch and i was glued.
MORE CONTENT REQUIRED.MORE PROGRAMS AND AT LEAST TRY TO INCLUDE 1 HIGHER LEVEL QUESTION.
A coherent and lucid course. Dr. Severance, you sir, are an amazing, amazing instructor.
Very good but basic introduction to programming. Loved it, completed it in about 3 days.
Great course by Dr. Chuck I would personally recommend everyone should take this course.
For very beginners, not just in Python but in programming. Apart from that, nice course.
The python interactive tools work best on chrome don't try on firefox it kills your time
Great course - too many videos though. Final exercise (5.2) could be implemented better.
Great introduction to python.A bit long if coming from other languages but still useful.
Had no pre knowledge for languages. Coursera is preparing me for the cutting edge world.
Amazing content and very interactive. I feel motivated to take more courses on Coursera
More examples could have been told, also assignments and tests could have been tougher.
Very Introductory class.  Great for beginners.  Could have been covered in shorter time
Can explain the content with examples before an assignment. Else, everything is perfect
coursera is very good online learning course.i am very happy to learn python programing
It was an amazing experience with Dr.Chuck to  start learning  Python from very basics.
Nice course for the beginners. Pretty  Good instruction from Charles Russell Severance.
Good platform for beginners in Python.Quizes and assignment was appropriately designed.
It was very useful for beginners to learn python. Concepts were explained  very clearly
This course really helpful for new programmers. Gives very good basics for programming.
It was a fun course. Got to learn new things and now I have better insight into python.
Its a very nice course..It would have been much better if we had more examples to solve
GREAT tutor and love the ability to skip to relevant parts in the video using the text!
useful, but it goes a bit fast. so need time to study on your own to  absorb new things
A great introduction to the Python language, I enjoyed both the book and the instructor
Bit basic for people who already know c or any other language but it is still effective
It is a great course for begginers, even if you do not have any programming background.
it's a really good course for the people who have totally no background of programming.
Easy, so it's for everybody, you name it! But a little bit too easy, let's leap a head!
everything was pretty understandable.....and i learned a lot from it.....thanks a lot.
it wasa great experience to learn a language and try to test the compter potentials :)
this is well opportunity for start learn python ,as well as basic programming concepts
some times code not taking on assignments only difference on captial and small letters
It's a good course fr python beginners and the instructor Mr. Chuck is also very good.
Overall a good course take. Good content. Won,t get bored by it. Will learn new things
excellent course with excellent instructor, helped in learning new and valuable things
Some of the codes are working on command prompt, however not working on coursera tool.
I am very happy to be able to finish this course, well explained with humor especially
A good basic Python course to start with. It was explained in a good way by Dr.Chuck..
Quite simple and straight to be objective: to get started with Python and programming!
It was a great experience for learning python. well designed course for the beginners.
Very difficult last weeks but awesome content and a great way to get started on Phyton
With this course i found about exceptional programming skillsthanks dr chuck severance
Course was clear.. and was technically designed to make it easy for a new learner also
Very nice learning experience. Everything was being taught from scratch. Loved it!! :)
Good introductory course. Probably add more (optional) exercises to help get practise.
Good course and intro to Python. Coupled with Codeacademy.com it has been fairly easy.
Some more auto graded coding exercises would be very helpful.Thank you for the course!
A very decent primer for everyone new to programming or dusty on a different language.
Good course for everyone who want to start python programming and learn coding skills
It is a good course, especially for those who do not know anything about programming.
Course doesn't let you finish in its entirety. Week two is always marked as complete.
the courses are well organised and contets are good. the teaching method is also good
Very interesting course on python.I would recommend it for first time users of python
This course is great to begin for everybody with no experience in programming at all!
Concepts are well explained with ample opportunity to practice what you are learning.
Great course, excellent teacher. I would recommend any alternative to the autograder.
the course is ok . its not upto the extent,but  for the beginners its somehow useful.
Some things were a little confusing towards the end but overall it was a good course.
This course is very useful for the beginners. Hope to explore more in the next course
This Course is a nice way of getting started in Python!!! recommend it for every one.
Good starting python course. Easy to understand examples and well thought out videos.
This course has contributed to helping me develop the confidence required to continue
This is a good class, and I got very used

thanks Dr. chuk and university of Michigan
A very good beginner course.  The teacher explains everything clearly and thoroughly.
Very nice course and Dr. Chuck has a way that is making complex things seems so easy.
Good and easy to understand  but the assignments for every topic should be increased
Good to be part of Coursera online courses and learn a lot about python and its use.
Good elementary intro. Excellent commentary by Guido, the founder of Python himself.
it is better platform python for begginers i think so hope u ppl njoyed the lectures
good course .It will be much better if it also cover some of the libraries of python
Really great course, to clear your programming basics as well as python fundamentals
It was a very good course for beginners. My only complain was it is just a bit slow.
It is easy to understand for a basic but keeping the phase constant at the same time
This is great start for beginner.Functions and indentation part was little confusing
Good foundation for Python language, not as in depth as I would have liked it to be.
Great instruction combine with inspiration. First smooth step to the technical world
this course is very interesting and knowledge full and it helps  me very much thanks
The course content and the instructor is good. This course is really helpful for me.
Very good course for beginners and learners of new programming language like python.
Good course for start and develop strong basic understanding of programming concept.
This course is amazing. Everything is understandable and the instructor is too good.
Course Instructor is good. He explained brief for every topic but content is to weak
Its a course that starts with basic stuff and teaches you the fundamentals required.
I liked the easy to follow instructions and the accompanying ebook and lecture notes
Fairly easy to follow. More examples and solved examples will be greatly appreciated
Very good course, easy to follow. It would be nice to see the code also in Python 3.
yes,this course really helps the people with no knowledge of computer to do coding.
More than 1 solutions which give the desired output should be accepted for grading.
I have a good experience learning Python here but more problem solving is required.
It's a great learning experience with Dr.Chuck. Looking for more interesting class.
Very good course.It will teach you a lot of basics of Python programming language .
A great course with a great instructor. would've been with more practice questions.
the course instructor was funny and knowledgeable, he made the ride easy for python
Easy to follow videos provided the fundamentals required to complete the exercises.
The course was very good. But if Turkish language support, I would be very pleased.
Good course for a beginner like me.  However, some assignments are needed guidance.
A Good start to the language python. But can be improved with increasing exercises.
Fabulous Professor.Could have discussed more about Python as in in-depth knowledge.
Good Course to get started for a new learner with or without programming background
Professor explained basics of programming very along with basic syntax's of Python.
course is suitable for elementary students who don't no anything about programming.
Excellent course structure. Very easy to grasp. Content is not too heavy nor blase.
Basic course to learn from the scratch or can be used as refresher. Really enjoyed.
Very good introduction. Covers a number of concepts which give a strong foundation.
A solid beginners course, though the lectures could have been more direct at times.
A great course with nice learning curve and assignments for practicing the concepts
A very good introduction to programming for the beginners. I really appreciated it!
very good course, python had very much significance in today's world.Thank You all.
It was a very good course and i could grasp a lot of information from this course.
very basic and simple, friendly for beginners, and contains many history of python
The fundamentals of Python programming is clearly explained with suitable example.
This Course Is Quite Awesome The Way Of Explanation By An Instructor is Quite Good
It was very challenging for me but eventually succeeded worth the sleepless nights
An ideal course for the beginners in the lookout of starting their python lessons.
Trainer was lovely,was thoroughly funny. Learnt a lot about fundamentals of python
Solutions and explanations for the quizes and assignment should have been provided
A very good introduction to the python language and basic programming fundamentals
This course is very well structured. One must join and learn the basics of python.
This is really a very nice course. All the material is good enough for a beginner.
This is very clear and explains to everyones understanding the workings of python.
tutors made really amazing effort to make such a difficult course to learn easily.
Great start to programming, really liked it!  LIttle pricey given the time length.
Very clear, basic and organized course. It could be better to taught in python3 :)
In this course i get the basic knowledge of Python. I enjoy this course very much!
Great for getting to know not only about python but about overall programming too!
This is a great course. The instructor explained very well right from the basics.
Very basic course, but good for those who are unfamiliar with any sort of coding.
Could have better for those who already knew programming in a different language.
It is an excellent opportunity for Students to learn basic programming of python.
This courese I think is very good for the beginers to get to know what is coding.
The is really nice. But for beginners more assignments are necessary to practice.
very effective teaching style,everything is online base..finally,thanks #coursera
Very nice and interesting explanations and teaching  which encourages learning ..
Very interesting first steps in the programming world of Python ! Thanks a lot :)
more need to be add on this it is just the touch on the course but not basics too
This is very good for beginners and I enjoyed and learned a lot from this course.
assignments can be more than one question on some topic to reinforce the concepts
A well-curated course. especially those who want to get started with programming.
I really appreciated your course and i learned a lot from your course its awesome
Very useful for a beginer. Would be great if it has more challenging assignments.
Enjoyed the course. Will probably move on to the next one. Excellent base course.
Theory is flawless. However, I would prefer more and more complex practice tasks.
It's quite clear for beginners, it's a good course for getting start with Python.
Perfect for total beginners, a little bit longer for mor eexprerienced developers
my first online course, really friendly for new comers.intresting and informative
If this course could explain more details, and teach step by step will more help
the course for very informative for a person learning python for the first time,
It was awesome! I can't wait to take another class of Dr Chuck! Thanks a bunch:)
great experience with Dr. Chuck. good teacher indeed. takes interest in teaching
The course is good but there are issues with the assignments uploading to server
Course is quite good but the end assignment  of this course contain no solution.
first 3 week not even talk About  the course so you can skip that part of course
Lectures are very nice, comes to assignments are little bit easier than expected
These course programs have helped me a lot in my professional growth. I recommed
Great course to begin with. It surely will incline your interest in programming.
Good introductory course and easy to understand, can be completed within 2 days.
It's  simple but useful for someone who didn't study computer before this class.
Really great for beginners or people who want to clear their programming basics.
Coursera is a great platform to learning programming skills....................
I was a wonderful time for me because I was not choked with a lot of new things
thank you  for giving wonderful opportunityI can improve python language skills
This is wonderful course for beginners .It is easy to learn ,easy to understand
A Great explanation of Python and good exercises to keep the students motivated
Nice course. A decent start for anyone who wants to start programming in Python
awesome tutorial ,really helped me  overcome my fear of coding and other stuff.
Interactive learning. Learnt python basics in very easy way. Best teacher ever.
I have completed upto week two so far the the course instructor is very good...
I need a little more complex brain storming problems other than that it's great
Very good course to the beginners and very good explanation by Dr.Chuck  sir...
This was an amazing experience and i'm very happy to have complete this course.
its very easy and good platform to learn courses that are useful in near future
Great introduction to the python language.  The bonus "extras" were also great!
Wonderful course for beginners. Excellent methods by Dr.Chuck to teach newbies.
Very nice but must have included more videos and explained the course in depth.
In my view, this course may be too simple. but it makes sense for any beginner.
This is the the one of the best course for beginner to learn programming easy ,
Very basic but good for people who don't have any prior programming experience,
Full of useful information and easy to follow, the concepts are well explained.
Really good introduction to programming. Suggested for all the beginners in CS.
Well structured and easy to follow. Would be great if it is taught in Python 3.
Excellent first exposure to both Python 3.6 and On-Line College Courses.thx,JK
The instructor has awesome way of explaining which is very good for beginners.
This course is very basic.Good for those who has no previous python experience
Have a great experience . It helped me a lot. No regrets of taking this course
Excellent course for those even, who dont belong to IT/computer science field.
very good for beginners but too basic and i think more content should be added
I really enjoyed this course.for a beginner like me, it has been very helpful.
A course for programmers to quickly learn Python Basic constructs from scratch
Simple and Easy to Understand for the Beginners. Excellent work by the Faculty
it is good start into python for those already kmow other languages like c,c++
I learn very Useful tips and why use Programming?Learn Pyhton Basic to Advance
A perfect course for beginners, though the syllabus coverage can be increased.
Very good! Only I wish there were more activities to test my knowledge/skills.
Very interestingly taught by the instructor. Most recommended for beginners :)
It helps to learn the basics well, it will be good if I had a lot of exercises
It pretty much deals with the basic functions and loops with exciting examples
Got going a bit quick toward the end there. But it was a nice intro to Python!
It helped me  a lot in learning about the basics  of python.It is nice course.
It is a really good course ,it helped me in setting basic foundation of python
It was a great course that introduce people like me without coding experience.
Great course and awesome lecturer.Only thing I felt missing is more exercises.
Excellent explanations, great ways to learn and pratice what you have learned.
Feel the instructor is good but sometimes is difficult to follow his lectures.
The programming assignments need to be more challenging and have more variety.
at the end professor went a lil faster like he shifted from first gear to 3rd
Great for beginners.Could not re-submit the peer graded assignment if failed.
The course was awesome.i love the way  proffesor was teaching.Overall awesome
This course is suit with people who don't have any prior knowledge on coding.
that's just good enough to begin, should be more descriptive about the syntax
great platform for the beginers , and place to get more confidence on basics.
nice opportunity to learn online and gaining knowledge.. easy to learn Python
The course was quite good . Everyone can easily understand and implement it .
GOOD ONE TO LEARN FROM BASICS , IF IT IS LITTLE MORE DETAILED IT WILL BE GOOD
Beautifully explained course, one of the best  online courses I have attended
The topics covered were precise and the subject matter was explained clearly.
many useful for who is a beginner in the programming. Many thanks Dr. Charles
It was a basic course for those who don't know how to program in any language
An excellent introduction to Python and way to refamiliarise with programming
Very interesting course because you faced real code... and you must touch it!
Very Basic but nice way to get started. Excited to study specialization class
It is a great course for all those who wants to learn a programming lenguage.
Very nice professor, liked him very much. My favorite thing about the course.
Good lectures.  Everything is very clear.  The pace could be a little faster.
This is so good for beginners. Will encourage everybody to take this course.
i pretty good idea about basics and control flow very excited for next class
i love the energy from the instructor! he seems passionate about his lecture
good experience learning this...thank you so much...learnt many things :) :)
i like this course very much , it helps me to enhance  my python knowledge .
very nice  course for beginers to learn programming an start a new language.
This course is very helpful for the beginners in python. It helped me a lot.
Explained nicely. Little bit slower for who know other programming language.
A lot of programming exercises can be included to improve the course further
is really great course even I'm the beginner I still can learn so much thing
This course provides a good learning experience for the beginners in python.
Good introduction to Python , but the final grade exercise made me sweat :-)
Course is good but more examples and some complex scripting would help a lot
Good Explanation, easy to follow and most important understand how it works.
The course was great but I think it should include more problems to work on.
Good material.  Very helpful.  I'm starting to tap into my inner programmer.
Sometimes a little bit repetitive, but maybe it is for better understanding.
Helpful content with amazing tutor and awesome tool  for  taking assignment
great experience about python in funny way but the difficulty level is high
I had an amazing experience during this course and learned lot about python
could use more better slide like interactive contents for eg. visual stuffs
Really good Thankyou coursera I'm glad that i choose this platform...😊😊😊
excellent course. the proper basic idea of python language. thanks dr.chuck
Contents of this course were very useful to know program controls in python
Its a good course and a great Instructor by the way. He was simply amazing.
last module need more info and need more practice questions for all modules
Awesome course , I will be happy if the course is somehow available in pdfs
Need to add more exercises and more real life examples of the control flow,
Some topics are missing. Assignments are very easy. Instructor is the best.
too easy for one who has previous programming experience，but it’s also good
wow, this video make me have more motivation to learn Python, many thanks !
There could be more, shorter videos, but all in all, it was a great course!
Covers the very basics of python. It does not even get to data types though
Great coaching by Dr. Severance and also interactive exams and coding tool.
amazing course taught by an amazing and very enthusiastic  teacher loved it
Thanks for this useful  and simple course. I liked it and I loved Dr. CHUCK
learning new programming language was fun and looking forward to learn more
Really very good but basic introduction to the Python programming language.
it was good session for python and this language is good and easy to learn
Practice sessions should be more enough to make the course complete enough
It is a nice course which helps to develop the base for python programming
The course was good and the efforts made by the professor were remarkable.
This is one of the best course for beginners who want to start with python
If more assignments and advance contents can be added that would be great!
Basic Python knowledge. Easy to understand, and is suitable for everybody.
I found it very useful, it gives me  time to do things myself. thanks alot
this course was great in view of learning but too easy problems were given
The assignment can be too comprehensive especially going to the last weeks
i love this course but i wish that it has more information and explanation
Excellent for everyone who has dream to start with programming with python
I loved this course and Dr. Chuck. He explained everything in easiest way.
Great class! But a little bit easy for people with programming experience.
As for me too much water. I'd like to have this course  shorter and faster
Could do better with explaining in a better way, but overall is very good.
Very apt content and the explanation was in simple words and to the point.
Basics are explained in layman terms. Good start point for Python I think.
A little bit too fundamental...Professor is kind and funny, which is good!
Awesome professor, anyone who doesn't have any prior knowledge can learn.
This is really a helpful course if you want to learn python form scratch.
very informative learnt lot python coding ready to move to the next level
I must say that Dr. chuk is on of the best instructor, i had in my life .
NNice expenses with this cources IAM learning python programming language
its a basic way to introduce to the coding as well as the python language
Excellent course, but number of programs must be increased in each topic.
Found it very useful and helpful. Very good explanation by the professor.
Course content is good and prepare a good foundation for upcoming lessons
course is quite easy to understand and the instructor is very interactive
It was one of my best oniline course as compare to  other oniline courses
Explained the basics of python programming easily and concepts are clear.
Great Course....Professor Charles Severance is a great teacher and mentor
Nice start with Python programming. Let's have a look on the next courses
The course is really good and so as teaching staff. They are very helpful
thinks for this cours. I'm like study python and i will need pratice more
Good beginning course - good examples and explanations of basic concepts.
Good courser but could be more practical if concentrated more on examples
this course has changed my wa of learning python. its an excellent course
The course was great but I feel students would prefer a white background.
Basic introduction to python. Very well explained and easy to understand.
very nice beginning course. the autograder a little buggy on last project
Good instructor.  Some of the questions on the exams are not well worded.
Good introduction to Python for those who know nothing about programming!
It was very informative. I loved the way you taught us about programming.
Good course.  It is suitable for every body who interesting programming.
It was nice to go through this course. just enjoyed the basics of python
It is kind of too basic, would have been better if more content is added
it is a ver nice course and it helps me to a best introduction of python
Should be deeper and brief.Yet thanks . it helped me build up confidence
The course is very easy and makes you confident with the basic concepts.
It was one of the most interactive and enjoyable course I have ever had.
Course   content   is    good and   language is   simply   to understand
You can share with solving problems (harder ones)Thanks sincerely, Elvir
Overall python course was nice, good explanation with realtime examples.
A little bit too easy for me. I understand though~ python for everybody.
An amazing course for beginners. Not so good for experienced programmers
Good introduction to Python. Maybe include Linux in the Install section.
It is a nice course for people who has zero knowledge about programming.
its a really nice course and of course i love the lecturer... Mr Charles
really amazing! i, really happy and excited to learn more on coursera..
one of the finest faculties available for the subject.loved the course.
It was a good experience and it was fun and worthy to listen the topics
The course is very helpful for the beginners,as it is  from the basics.
it is a nice platform to learn easily and in sufficient here.thank you!
This course is a great kick start for those who are new to programming!
Good course for introducing yourself to python for the very first time.
The classes by Charles Russell Severance is one of the best I ever had.
It is very useful for people whose python is very first coding language
The course will form a good foundation for the better things to come by
this course is very nice and for the beginners it is easy to understand
My only complaint is that there weren't very many practice assignments.
not challenging enough with people has some basic programming knowledge
The course can be made a little bit tougher. The questions are too easy
It's very simple to follow and understand, it's for complete beginners.
good to start with basics of any programming language, a structured syl
This course war amazing thanks to instructor and coursera as a whole:))
Quizes and exercises are quite easy. They don't lead you to think more.
nice basics but should be taught about object oriented programming also
Great for learning the basics and understanding how python coding works
It is very interactive and easy to learn. I enjoyed taking this course.
This course is very useful for anyone who has no programming background
As a introductory course it's good course. Course material is too easy.
Just scratches the surface. Good to get started for absolute beginners.
Good for beginners with little or no knowledge of Python or programing.
The Best course.Material provided is good for refer while programming.
Great course for beginners to python or even beginners to programming.
I am new to python so I involved in this course. It's very useful.👍👍
Extremely clear and precise explanations. Would like more assignments.
This is great platform for learning and improving programming  skills.
they have explained very easy steps to learn coding....and i luv those
It was a very good course and the trainer taught everything very well.
I would of liked hints for the assignments as I had trouble with them.
REALLY VERY AUTHENTIC CONTENT AND GOOD DISCUSSION FORUM ON THIS COURSE
It is an amazing experience. I have learned how to begin python study.
Assignments should be more creative and a little bit mora challenging.
its a very interesting and very easy to understanding course thank you
Great beginner course and I like that the exercises are not that easy!
It is very easy with the Coursera and very interesting with Dr. Chuck.
Very Basic stuff. It would be good if it can be made more challenging.
Great course and easy to follow. Can improve the colors on the videos.
Course is good for getting of basic knowledge about Python programming
It seems to simple although considering that it is for new programmer.
i am very happy when I completed this course. thank you to Coursera <3
As a beginner course it's okay.Needs to be more competitive and tough.
Good for starters, but should enhance the complication of assignments.
Needs an update and the slides are hard to see, but overall very good.
There must be more programming section, but it was great thank you :)
THE SPELLING OF MY NAME IN THE CERTIFICATE IS WRONG.CLASSES ARE GOOD.
I would request team to include more practical scenario for practise.
excellent course with basics everyone should go through this course !
It was a good experience to learn something new programming language.
A good experience of learning and gained a excellent skill of python.
It is really a helpful course. Loved it.A learned a lot about python.
Perfect for beginners of python and very interesting way of teaching.
an nice course for beginner programmers but with few worked exercises
python programming skillsthese course make the easier to learn python
Really great course! I learned and refreshed my programming knowledge
The first few weeks can be skipped if you know the basics of hardware
easy to learn , assingment need guideline more for easy understanding
Great course for building confidence and awareness of python program.
Great course.Highly recommendable.Very informational and interesting.
Very nice course I have understood the python very well.Thank you sir
Could use more examples, some lessons were much too short on content.
We can have further more classes on it with some sort kind of project
it is some bit too easy I think it's better to cut some lesson short.
a very useful for learning python .very easily explained every topic.
Great course! I just wish there were more opportunities for practice.
As the course name is its for beginner,anybody can learn this course.
course is very basic and clearly understandable . Good for beginners.
Great litmus for people to eviscerate their inner programming skills.
That's a very good introduction for programming. It's easy to follow.
Felt the content of videos is slow moving, can be slightly fast paced
Great Course really. Good material and easy to follow and understand.
this course is very basic course for python and assignments are good.
good for beginner.....this course is not for u if u know some python
good  we know know about basics python through these type of courses
This course is perfect for beginners like me .  Thankyou Dr Chuck :)
I have learned about python in detail by Getting started with python
It was a great experience to teach and hear from a genius like him..
Should review the quiz test of individuals with answers more clearly
I felt it can be very hard for beginner and can be more basic level.
It was Very helpful in brushing up the basics of the python program.
Better types of examples can be taken while explaining the concepts.
It's the best course for novice beginners on the internet till date.
It was useful and learnt python is a short period of time. Thank you
Great Course,but need to put more Assignments and codes for practice
Overall the course was very helpful, thanks for such a great course.
i wish there were more practice exercises to really develop concepts
Nice overview, but quite slow at some points. Book is really helpful
Great intro to Python with great lectures , quizzes and assignments.
it was pretty good for the beginners and i have a nice experience...
Really good for beginner. Very clear and professor is very humurous.
Very Illustrative and useful specially for beginners to programming.
Easy to follow and well informed assignments to try on first go !!!!
Great course for beginning, but I fell like it needs more exercises.
it's too long sentence to verification and we need to write it again
This was an extremely useful course to learn fundamentals in python
Great intro to python 3 but would like to have covered more topics.
videos could be more related to assignments specialy assignment 5.2
Um too easy examples, I want more hard ones to solve the assignment
This training is very helpful. Dr.Chuck explanation is really good.
it was nice experience to learn the basics of python in this course
a great course for those who has just started learning with python.
I got to know things that my college teacher did not mention. Good.
the program is concise but very encompassing and easy to understand
need more assignments as i feel "hands on" is the best way to learn
Nice course! nice lectures! good tasks! it s makable for everybody!
Very Precise and very Helpful Course,thanks to Dr.Charles Severence
Very easy and suitable for people who do not have coding experience
This was an awesome course... really enjoyed learning this language
Good for beginners but I felt those bonus videos are waste of time.
A bit easy, but a good primer. Looking forward to the rest of them.
a good course for introduction. Too simple and too little exercise.
This is a course for beginner. Anyone want program, should take it.
There should be a hint or Solve for the assignments. Overall good.
Well paced and elaborated especially for those new at programming.
Want to lean python at its basic , this course is the right choice
It just an amazing course, I have learned so much from this course
It's a nice course for those who want to learn Python in Lockdown.
THANK YOU BECAUSE OF THIS I GAINED KNOWLODGE ABOUT PYTHON  PROGRAM
suggested for absolute beginners.
its good and easy to understand.
Everything is great but I would like to have more practical tasks.
It was a good course but I felt the knowledge given was incomplete
This course is very good and I have the pleasure of participating.
It actually is a "Getting Started" course, as it felt way to easy.
good teaching methodology,and had great assignments and interfaces
The Grading tool needs some improvisation else everything is fine.
Lists/arrays and many other things are not included in the course.
Add some more Assignments and examples related to Iterative loops.
I wish I had a bit more practise and guidance in the last exercise
It was quite helpful.I learned basics nd i enjoyed while doing it.
Very basic, yet highly effective and enjoyable introductory course
This is the best course since I have started to learn in coursera.
a great introductory course. Dr chuck is a great and funny teacher
A very good introduction to the material, though a bit simplistic.
Videos are dated and have some errors, but otherwise great course!
Very good to start learning Python. More exercices would be great.
Excellent Introduction to Python and computer programming language
This course helped me understand the basics of Python programming.
The Course is great but I would add more coding exercise examples
Should've put more emphasis on keywords and their use in general.
Course explained all the theoretical and Practical part very well
if code would haven't been pre-written  then I would rate 5 star.
Could have more problem sets to test ourselves, even if optional.
it seems easy. I don't actually feel like i achieve something big
As a beginner in programming, this is a really good class for me.
Pretty basic questions .Could be made a littile bit hard instead.
Good for beginners as well as intermediate-level programmers too.
This course is really helpful for learning Python from the basic.
This course is very helpful to understand basic concept in python
its good way to get time pass in quarantine by learning new thing
The teacher is really good, attracts the interest of the student.
a nice introductory course on python. Problems were far too easy.
Really good starting course for non-experience python programmers
A good introductory course to Python. Intended for real beginners
Good for basic concept and introduction to a programming language
Very nice course.Teaching methodolgy of Doctor chuck is very cool
good for novice programmer,an experienced programmer may leave it
Its an excellent course.. I am really thankful for the approach..
cool content for beginners and a good revision for intermediates
a very good fundamental learning of Python programming language.
Great Course actually, it went above and beyond my expectations.
a great course for learning python with super-normal instructor.
best course for beginners thank you Dr chuck ,thank you coursera
its nice too learn from no basics to every bit thanks dr.chuck..
great time for lockdown with python and slytherin teacher snape.
One of the best way for the beginners to begin with programming!
This course is realy good ,i have  learn many thing in the corse
Thank you sir for this wonderful knowledge. I loved your support
i think more assignments and real life problems should be given.
focus on main topics for beginner to start with python.Thank You
bit easy but course was lectured in a very good way and quality.
I have learned a lot of good things in a friendly way. thank you
I do like hard problems and examples of syntaxis while do grades
Programming for Everybody is a good course for python beginners!
The class material and video lectures were very straight forward
Very good introduction, though I feel it is a little simplistic.
Good for the real beginner of python and computer programming :)
A nice course for someone with little experience in programming.
Nice course but you need to be patient while doing the exercise.
assignment is a bit too easy, suitable for totally new beginners
it is so good, the teachers  can transmit the knowledge required
LOT OF EFFORT HAS BEEN PUT INTO MAKING THIS COURSE, WELL DONE!!!
This course has fun lectures and very interesting bonus content.
Informative . Best platform to aquire python programming skills
This course is for those who have zero knowledge in programmkng
its one of nice course that i have learnt in this post lockdown
i understand it beginners course but everything is bit too easy
Very helpful. Understood the basics of Python programming well.
it was very good.it helped me to gain a idea about programming.
Probably the best course on python I've ever seen for beginners
We need more practice exercises so that we can apply ourselves.
The instructor dr.chuk was good. he is good at what he is doing
its good for beginners,who didn't even know what is programming
the instructer was very clear and helpful throughout the course
This course was effective for me.It led to exploring the basics
Great course for beginners with no prior programming experience
It is a great course for anyone want to start learning to code.
Liked learning python. Videos are detailed and we'll explained.
very good for freshers who doesn't have programming experience.
A very good course for someone with zero programming experience
I guess this is a good and basic introduction course for Python
Good course to get a grasp of the basics of python programming.
I learned a lot. Clear explanation of all the basics of Python.
Very cool and challenging, and just "Blastoff!"Thanks Dr.Chuck!
Worth the knowledge. Notes were fun to take. Strongly Reccomend
It is my first course.I had a lovely experience to learn python
A little on the easy side but is a great introduction to python
Very nice way of leaning Python programming for beginners !!!!!
Great course! Really easy to understand for beginners! Thanks..
Wonderful course for a python beginner.  Thanks for the course!
a good course that uses a variety  of tools for better learning
It's great for beginners but VERY easy for advanced programmers
Great course to start programming, sometimes a bit slow though.
Very, very basic but excellent instruction in the fundamentals.
very awesome course...great explanation and easy to understand
A good course for those who aspire to build a career in python
The instructor was very good in making understand the concepts
Good Teaching but examples should be more easy and attractive,
In this course I started to  learn Python language from basics
this course helped me in learning the basic of python easily .
What a wonderful teacher, Beast teacher I ever had. Kudos sir.
nice course for basics of python and programming of all sorts.
The course content is proper and vivid along with clear topics
Pretty basic. Good for people who have never programmed before
The amount of time to complete the course could be increased .
Good course for a beginner who wants to learn from the basics.
A good course for someone who wants to starts learning python.
Best course. Very easy to learn new language with this course.
Great course! Could be improved with more practical exercises.
Sir is an amazing teacher and expresses his ideas very clearly
this is my best experience to learn programming in beginning.
very good course for beginners .  i recommended this course..
It is very useful for beginners. Lectures are very efficient.
You need to have a programming foundation to take this course
I understand all things that sir had told. I like this course
Course was good by itself, but I was expecting more concepts.
Enjoy to learn this course and instructor is very interesting
very good course and good content. i learnt basics of python.
Nice Course ,All Basic Python Loops, and assignments are easy
THANK YOU COURSERA  COURSERA SUCH A GREAT PLATFORM FO LEARNER
Very lucid explanations to help grasp the concepts. Loved It!
Very fundamental course. Highly recommended for entry levels.
Nice representation......Good job by Charles Severance Sir...
Great class to get back to your programming world with Python
Suitable for green hand of Python to get the basic knowledge.
It was fun learning basic of Python with Professor Severance.
basic level course: well explained, thank you for the efforts
Great course if you are just starting out lectures are great.
along with the book, a very informative and well paced course
From the scratch, thank you professor for teaching me Python,
Please add an option to discuss with others in every chapter
Liked the didactic, The exercises could use some improvement
Ok, however not difficult enough for any existing programmer
Very useful course .good for beginners and basic are cleared
i enjoy this course but it should show how to use python app
The last task was very difficult. It needs more instructions
Coding assignments are difficult. Need some guidance for it.
This is a really a nice course. Everyone should consider it.
It indeed was a wonderful course. Especially for a beginner.
It is very good for beginner to learn the python programming
good for starting python with basic knowledge of programming
it should have more content and should be of more high level
Its easy platform for bigginers students to learn python ...
The videos should be of short length than having 18 minutes.
Helpful course to build a foundation for python programming.
good explanation and very effective way to study programming
Some more complex assignments are to be added to this course
Its my pleasure to learn courses from University Of Michigan
This course was helpful , thanks coursera and the instructor
Very great course to get started with programming in Python.
Have a good experience and i learn many concepts of phyton..
Learnt basics but expected  more especially in the loop part
Its well designed and very diligently crafted for beginners.
It is very easy to learn. The course is fit to the beginner.
Great introduction to Python! Easy to follow and understand.
was very good but there were few mistakes in korean subtitle
This was my first coursera course and it was great!  Thanks!
Easy and interesting, but the content is a little bit thin..
Very detailed, but not deep enough ha. Anyway, a good class!
Basic principles for learning python and also fun!.Enjoy it!
Ideal also for those who have no experience with programing.
for me it is very helpful as i am completely new to python.
It was a great course and it helped me to learn new things.
It was an awesome experience working and playing with codes
The instructor is mind blowing. anyone can grab this course
Starting off with this basics for python is recommendable!!
A very good approach towards understanding basics of Python
The course was really helpful for beginning with python. :)
Exceptional content and very interactive way of explaining.
It was a nice course. But more basic things should be added
good to clear all basics.. more advanced will also required
Good course for those who are new to Python and programming
The Lecture Helps me a lot to improve my programming skills
Excellent course and I have no programming experienceeileen
Well structured with good content. Very good for beginners.
Instructor's style is comfortable.  Really liked the course
Great starting point for programmers who are new to Python.
Great introductory overview and insights into the language.
A pretty good start for anyone who wants to do programming!
it is really helpul. i liked the teaching and assignments.
There was very less video tutorial even its a basic course
I like the way the instructor is instructing. Thanks, sir!
Great course i would definitely complete its next part too
Good start for complete begineers to programming language.
It is very good and understandable course for me ,Thankyou
it was good to learn the programming through this platform
Thank you coursera and my dear professor Charles severance
Good to attend this type of classes and instructor is good
one of the best course to learn python easily and smoothly
I think this course is a good way to start learning python
Am very happy for  learning python language in this course
how to pay for the course? Please, answer me. I am russian
Very Informative and Friendly Lecture environment to learn
Need more practice or programming exams to test knowledge.
Easy for me. Maybe more relevant for an absolute beginner.
it is so easy to learn ,simple and easy way of explanation
One of the best courses to start your journey with Python.
It's a little bit easy for students who have learned C/C++
It is easy to learn! Take that time you need to understand
Covers the basic of python, can be more challenging though
good course i like the interview and good course materials
Godd introduction to Python. I enjoyed the course in full.
slightly slow and not hugely thorough, but very practical.
clear and simple explanationvery good for beginner like me
Very good lecture but the lecturer really can be precised.
I would like to have more assignment added to this course.
Very good course,but i think that exams are are very easy.
More exercises would be nice! Overall, a very nice course.
A decent course though I expected it to be more detailed.
it's very useful to develop my skills through this course
Should have talked about splitting the words an sentences
Basic level course very good for beginners to start with.
Dr.chuck is really a great person,i jus love his lectures
I have got a Great Experience by enrolling in this course
You should upload more assignments regarding the subject.
A very good introductory course on the elements of Python
the tcourse is good, we also want some detail explanation
basics all covered.all thanks to this course and coursera
Simple and easy to learn and helpful towards career goals
could be more streamlined and thereby less time-consuming
This is very basic course. It is only for non programmers
Excellent course for python beginners! Thank You so much!
Great course for those don't have programming experience!
pretty good, wish it had more excercises and more content
Enjoyed the course with python which was easy and doable.
Good for anyone who's a beginner. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is really helpful for those who are  willing to learn.
This is quite helpful and i really enjoyed the course....
Best way to get started with a new programming language !
Extremely useful course for absolute beginner in Python.
Overall perfect course for beginners and understandable!
Very well explained with examples. Perfect for begineers
Beautiful course thought by an extremely talented mentor
It's really helpful and understandable for me. I like it
THIS WAS A GOOD COURSE,THANKS FOR PROVIDING THIS COURSE.
Might be a little bit too fast but overall this is great
The course is good,but it's not in deep.Just the basics.
The Course was very useful. Helped a lot for the basics.
There should hands-on Experience with any mini project .
Having problem with their axcent but the content is good
Best Platform to Learn. Thank You for Sharing Knowledge.
Very good course for  python starters must enroll for it
The test part  is not as good as the same course on edx.
Nice intro in Python. I will sign up for the next course
very basic and easy to learn from the lectures thank you
Better course online for the starters like me in Python.
Excellent course for beginners. Great peripheral content
very helpful for beginners who wish to learn programming
It would be better if the assignments were not too easy.
basic concepts and commands of python, good for beginner
I would enjoy a slightly faster pace and more exercises.
newbie of the programming language, this is a good start
A good place to start learning any programming language.
Okay, the course has too many extra things not required.
excellent course for beginners happy to be a part of it
The course was really good,intresting never felt boring
best platform to learn and espically thanks to Dr Chuck
The course was too basic. Maybe cover a few more topics
Good for babies(no offense),Expected much more contents
Explaination can be better . though quite a good course
Learnt lot of things by doing this course....Thank you!
this is soo helf ful to built our career towards python
Very interactive course with vast level of information.
learn a great thing and teacher teach us in a great way
This course is great for learning the basics of Python!
great course for beginners  in the field of programming
Coursera is a good online platform for learning Python.
It is too basic .If you know python basic dont opt it .
It was brilliant. So useful and was taught as promised.
It'd be better with more exercises! But Chuck is great!
Good course to start as python programmer, many thanks.
it was really good .Looking for more courses like this.
Very basic beginner level course, explained really well
need additional topics and more challenging assignments
Great course, would have liked more exercises though :)
Good introductory course for Python. Covers the basics!
very helpful to people who are new to programming world
the last exercise is bugged (5.2 is supposed to be 5.1)
The course is easy and clear. For beginner programmers.
Perfect Balance between Challenging and Understandable
Nice Course covering the basics of Python programming.
Nice course. There can be more exercises for practice.
if u wanna start with basics u can go with this course
Understandable, even though slow pace but it still fun
a good course if you have prior programming experience
Need more details over the control structure and loops
It was good experience and i gained a lot of knowledge
good course but i found it little bit less interactive
its an wonderfull experience to learn basics of python
i was learned basic fundamentals of python programming
An amazing course to create your base for programming.
It was a nice course and also thanks to the professor.
It was really helpful and it taught me from the basics
this course is really very helpful for every beginner.
Really good explanation my the professor. Thanks a lot
Nice way of presenting. but the content is very basic.
The session was useful. But it only covers the basics.
Teacher is very kind and the class is very interactive
This is a good course to start on Python for beginner.
Nice course. I got basic information from this course.
Thans to Chuch and all the staff of the Coursera Team.
Very clear explanation about Python. I will like an up
Coursera's platform + Chuck's teaching style = Great !
Good course for beginners. Lacks sufficient exercises.
so far , the best experience i had in online learning
Very good course for begineers  clears all the doubt.
It was great experience to learn the basics of python
You can improve level of Assignment a little bit more
This is the best course to start python from scratch.
It was an amazing experience learning from Dr. Chuck.
good course..gives basic information regarding python
it was awsome course mr. chuck.You thought very well.
This course is really amazing ....Thank you very much
It was a great starting by Dr. ChunkThank you so much
Completely beginner level. Straightforward to follow.
Pretty interesting to get into the programming world.
Great introductory course for programming and python.
Loved the course, mastered the basics. Thank you sir.
Very good teacher! Funny and very good at explaining.
Goood contents, and the unbeatable Dr.Chuck. Awesome.
More extensive practice assignments would be helpful.
very nice and pleasant way to get started with python
Solid class, enjoyable and well suited for beginners.
There will be some help to learner during assignment
its a very great course i had learnt a lot of things
A place which teaches the python basics really well.
Very good, it developed my thinking ability so much.
A best way to learn and earn skills in the coursera.
Good course for learning syntax and basics of python
It was an amazing opportunity to get learn coding  .
Nice course to start boosting up programming skills.
Really a nice explaination and nice teaching methods
Dr.chuck was really amazing at guiding new learners.
its very nice course and teaches everything soo well
great set but still didnt gave much codes to perform
knowledge gainable course...for personal experience.
thank you for started with python thanks a lot !!!!!
really a great opportunity for all knowledge seekers
the way doctor explains the stuff is not interesting
This is one of the best courses tht i had for python
good for people with no previous knowledge to start.
What kind of monster used spaces in the code checker
starts from very basics and builds up your intuition
It is a nice course with useful practical exercises!
I like this course. It is a good start for beginner.
A good introductory course to programming and Python
Great course, well presented, covers all the basics.
Good afternon , i enjoyed doing this course. Thanks!
A good clear and fun way to get started with Python.
The training session was good and easy to understand
I think it's a good start on Python and programming.
I felt there were not enough challenges for the fee.
Simple and Focused course on Programming and Python.
Very nice introductory course. I recommend it widely
very well thought of course content and delivery ...
wonerful course for python programming introduction
this course is best for getting started with python
This course is not very easy Be careful..    thanks
it's a very interesting course that I have learned.
This course was wonderful. It achieve its objective
A great platform to gain new and unknown knowledge.
It was an amazing experience to learn about python.
Perfect for the beginners. Covers all basic things.
Nice class. Clearly explained everything in detail.
Try to teach command prompt a little more in depth.
It is really a good course for a biginner in Python
Great lesson! Some more exercises would be perfect!
Great course good for begining with the right foot.
Too easy and the video is too long for simple stuff
A bench mark for easy understanding of programming.
Prof is cool. A good platform to start programming.
I felt unprepared for Exercise 5.2. Otherwise good.
The professor is nice, but it is a little bit easy.
its a very nice course . recommended for beginners
the tool is bit difficult for a normal code to run
excellent course and can complete at your own pace
One of best course to learn the concepts of python
Excellent Sessions , learnt a lot from this course
Really helpful to understand the basics of python.
it's a great flatform for me to learn basic python
good course generates ones interest in programming
it is an amazing course.helped me to learn python.
Thank you so much sir, for the stupendous sessions
A must  course for beginners in python programming
It is very useful to learn new skills in lockdown.
This is very good for getting started with python.
Its an easy and to the point course for beginners.
NIce To Start done with in this world of competion
It was very good experience to learn new programs.
It was really amazing to learn python in this way.
some exercises before assignments would be useful!
Teaching was really good and fluent to understand.
Very easy course for a beginner. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
it's really amazing course...But it tacks time....
very easy to get familiar with the python language
Content is good for learning python as a beginner.
It´s a good Online Course for Phyton introduction.
Content great; navigation sometimes not that easy.
The best online Python course I have tried so far.
So nice to have such a pretty understandable class
The video instruction was shorter than i expected.
Already submitted via class-central. Great course!
Great course to get started with basics of Python.
The first course I completed .it's  little simple.
On the easy side, but well organised and presented
A great class for easing into the world of Python.
Gives an an overall idea about python programming.
quite easy. you can finish this course in 4 hours.
Very good one... want to have this quality more :D
First part - relatively easy but escalates quickly
A lot to say but I think I am not the one to judge
Starts nice and easy, escalates quickly at week 7
it was a little slow....but i enjoyed learning it
This is very nice course for the basics of python
A very balanced course to get started with python
its  a great experience here to learn and explore
In general good course.  Too much filling videos.
Very cool and well explained. But it is very slow
good course for everyone not just for programmers
It's done very fast, not going too detail but ok.
A beginner friendly course with good explanation.
The course is pretty much good but is quite slow.
This the Coursera is helpful for basics in python
Interesting and beneficial a lot to the beginners
Excellent, but some what more syllabus is needed.
Very easy to understand and implement. Thank you.
Takes you from overall Python3 basic to finish...
Very basic concept are covered only for beginners
very nice course helped a beginner  like me a lot
very nice course easy to learn and understandable
It is a well complied course with great lecturer.
friendly and funny instructor -- that's Dr Chuck!
Good one . Expected more exercise or assignment .
Good, but wish it went more in depth in lectures.
great teacher and class; last exercise was tough!
well taught, good pace, am continuing to course 2
This course is really good for beginner.Perfect.
excillent experience to learn python from basics
better understanding way, Good quality faculties
really a nice and exciting journey for beginners
it was a good start for me in python programming
It is good for learning basic python programming
Beginner friendly course to start off for python
Overall a good high level introduction to Python
We could finish the 7-weeks materials in 1 week.
That's was the great experience from this course
nice intro to any programming language like this
this course is nice if you are absolute beginers
great course , should include more Python topics
A very good course to start your Python journey!
very helpful course to understand  basic concept
Great for inspiring everyone to learn programing
Good Introductory Course with great Bonus Videos
very basic course for beginners.... like me...!!
great introduction, like the ui for assignments.
excelent. complete information and good teacher.
This course is really good for python beginners.
Good course to start basic programming in Python
My instructor was excellent ,I love this course
Last assignment was really confusing and buggy.
very very thank you for  teaching about  python
I think this course needs more heavy exercises.
Its  a good course but i think it is very basic
Very well taught in a decent way. Thanks for it
Professor really explaind it in simple language
a very good starting course that will help much
Really felt  it as a good start in programming.
it was great to learn and increase my knowledge
This is just so amazing, you get to learn alot.
very nice explainationquiz part was really good
It was a very wonderful course I have ever did.
very useful,it is easy to understand the topics
Could have more material like lists and tuples.
The course focuses on the very basics of python
this course is exceptionally good for beginners
Really good course! Satisfied with the content.
it is useful to the basic programmers in python
This is quite  good and useful for new learners
very nice and good instructor. I am  very happy
good introductory course to learn python basics
A very deep and slow process of learning python
Very clear and straightforward not to difficult
good introduction to the very basics in Python.
Good for beginners, very basic for anyone else.
didnt think all parts werte explained in detail
Excellent  course to get started with python !!
The course is really very good and interactive.
it's good lecture, but too short for one course
Very well organised and easy to follow program.
Great learning and a great course for beginners
Very expensive certificate for little material.
Good Course but it needs some getting in-depth.
good lessong but there is so many extra things
Great refresher course on the basics of coding
This is a good basic python programming curse.
course is good and assignments are challenging
very nice!! looking forward to the next one...
Its a good course for beginners..give it a try
nice to learn online improving knowledge skill
its very good opportunity to learn from online
iterations should be explained more explicitly
It covers all the basic in python. Quite easy.
i have really enjoyed and studied in coursera.
It's very crazy platform to enhance our skill.
Nice teaching.Really easy techniques to learn.
This course is very helpful for the begginers.
The way of teaching is good.thank you coursera
It was such a good class with good instructor.
its easily understandable course for beginners
Good Course for stating Programming in Python!
Assignments are very easy and less challenging
it gives opportunities to learn the new things
This is one of the best online courses for me.
good , understandable and knowledgeable course
Just hate the stuff which was of meeting talks
very helpful in starting learning data science
course was great for beginners. very detailed.
Very good learning experience & easy to learn.
Excellent course for beginners to learn python
Great course!!!  but still need more examples.
too easy for someone familiar with programming
very easy to understood course for a beginner.
some functions are not discuss in the course .
Fantastic course and the lecturer is wonderful
Useful course, very funny thanks to Charles :)
I understand the basic op the python language.
fun, informatics, but some key points wasn't t
This is a great course for absolute beginners
THIS COURSE IS EASY IF YOU REALLY LIKE MEANS.
Excellent Course to Learn Python From Scratch
Best Course for learning Python. Thanks a lot
This is a good course to spend ours free time
I wish there is more face to face interaction
need more simple explaination for some topics
more practical examples required and thankyou
it is very nice platform to learn new things.
It is a great course to get started on python
i was scared of programming now i overcame it
nice but the compiler doesn't work some times
It was easy to learn and very less time taken
it is a good course for the python begginners
Thank you very much. These course is helpful.
Really good for beginners like me. learn alot
excellent course for Python Beginner Learners
good course for beginners with zero knowledge
Super, very good. I had to like much. Thanks.
It is an excellent course, a bit basic though
Great introduction to programming and python.
It is somehow fundamental, but it was useful.
it was actually good and it helps from basics
i liked the professor thank you very much ^_^
Easy to start the journey of learning python.
One of the better online courses I have used.
ALL OK . BUT NEED MORE EXAMPLE FOR PRACTICE.
its very useful for very beginners of python
it is very good for beginners in programming
Its good course helpful for python beginners
Amazing Course and Great Instructor indeed .
over all it is the best course for beginners
great course to start programming in python.
It was a very helpful course for a beginner.
so helpful to start with in the python world
If it were in Spanish I would put five stars
Awesome... I really enjoyed every bit of it.
This course might be too easy for beginners.
this course is just for a very very beginer.
More practice exercises would be beneficial.
best teaching i had ever experienced.....!!!
There was a wrong answer in one of the quiz.
Great course lots of fun and great exercise.
Very basic one but good for the beginners :)
This is a good course for complete beginners
Its a great course  ......highly recommended
Very good course, simple and easy to follow.
Good course for getting started with python
Simple but quite interesting to start with.
Crystal clear explaination by the professor
I liked the way the instructor teaching us.
Thank you for the course Coursera community
Professor Charles is a great teacher.Cheers
i did not get cleared with my doubt easily.
very interesting course, and explained well
best source for beginners and easy learning
Things Can Be More Explained And Elaborated
the course is good especially for beginners
If you understand it ,then it is very easy.
Very Informative and perfect for beginners.
review='nice way of teaching) print(review)
Really helpful to non-programming students.
the assignments were difficult for begineer
Great course for an initiation into  python
nyc learn python under guidance of Dr.Chuck
good for an entry-level of coding or python
Great for beginners, is easy to understand.
Its a good course to start with programming
Nice course for Understanding Python basics
Very Basic concept any one can learn easily
The instructor taught the topics very well.
it's useful to me.But it's the basic python
It was good for start but need more exesise
very good teaching , awesome practice work.
Awesome Basic course for Python Beginners !
I think the exercises were to easy to pass.
Good for starters. Instructor is very good.
Good for someone just start learning Python
Wish they had more assignments to test you.
Well structured for the starting in python.
Very easy to understand. Great for everyone
Please include Object-oriented programming.
I like the way the material where supplied
The IDE or online tool is a little finicky
I was really a challenging course,loved it
Great Introductory course but not perfect.
Excellent one. It covers all basics in ver
Good, interactive, simple, easy to engage.
Good Course for beginners 100% recommended
it was  a great experience, i learnt a lot
overall  experience is awesome and helpful
Very good course for the python beginners.
really the couse is very good,thank to all
It's interesting to learn from this course
Pretty good starting point to learn Python
Its good course to start learn programming
Nice teaching technique and fun experience
its good platform to increasing the skills
great experience. looking forward for more
quite a course too get started with python
this course is very helpfulthanks coursera
its really a good course for beginners....
Good and a little bit tough for begginers.
Its a very good course for Python Beginers
It is an amazing course. Thanks, Coursera.
It's a nice course to learn for beginners.
Quite helpful in learning basics of Python
Best course to learn python for beginners.
all the basics has been very well covered.
Very basic but great course to start with.
Excellent course for Programming beginners
It is a very good course for any beginner.
There should be more exercise for practice
Too good taught alot :) amazing professors
very nicely explained basics of python ...
This is an amazing course to turn up with.
it‘s easy to understand, suitable for ABC.
It was Fun throughout the course journey!
The course was really helpful. Thank you!
thank you for this wonderful oppurtunity.
Thank you!!! for the detailed explanation
course is absolutely perfect for beginner
very good course covering all with basics
really good to start learning python here
this course is very helpful for beginners
best course to startup with for beginners
GOOD EASY TO LEARN WITH IN A SHORT PERIOD
basic python course with good explanation
this is an best app i can learn something
Good course for the introduction of java.
i have learned a lot from this .thank you
it is the best course and it very helpful
Two ways to pass1 hardwork2 full cheating
The course was fun.I enjoyed learning !!!
This course is very helpful for beginner.
Amazing course  with an outstanding tutor
I learned many important basics of python
this course is knowledgeable for beginner
thanks for brief explanation about python
Easy to understand! Thank you, professor!
very informative and useful for beginners
Good explanations, but just few examples.
preety good course, really very healpfull
Pretty easy stuff, but still interesting.
Excellent teaching and course material!!!
its is good i learn lot of new thing here
good courser well presented for beginners
Wonderful forum to learn!! Kudos to team.
Its really a nice for beginners in python
good for beginner, not difficult to start
Good course. People with a good heart too
Nice one. Perfect for complete beginners.
Interesting but sometimes too hard to me
good but too much video for extra things
Proffessor were so great, thanks to him.
The course sometimes becomes too fast...
it was a nice and a helpful experience .
super understanding course for beginners
Its spr good platform to learn easily 😍
It was a great experience while learning
if someone just wants basic this is good
This was a good basic course for python!
Was a good courser to start with Python.
very good  course   learned a new things
Its a great platform to learn the basics
its awesome I had learnt much new skill.
great to gain outer structure of python.
Its a great python course for beginners.
Indeed a very good course for beginners.
The course was very smooth to understand
For begineers this course is very useful
It has been a great experience overall!!
spend some more time on the basic things
This is only for absolutely for beginner
it ok for the beginner，but a little easy
Could use a little more practice options
Quite easy and simple course on Python !
The user interface was really admirable.
course have not  covered the every topic
Want to learn about dictionary and class
Overall it is really good for beginners.
easy to understandbut a little b it easy
this was silly. effective-ish, but silly
Great for beginners. OK for intermediate
very convenient to understand and learn.
GOOD COURSE! CLEAR AND WELL ORGANIZED!!!
It's very basic, suitable for beginners.
Nice course for the beginners.Go for It.
The lectures are good for the beginners.
great  study materials and presentation.
Very useful course to begin with python.
good but it does not include tuple,list
Best for begginer of  python programer.
happy to learn python from best teacher
Great course and an amazing instructor.
great course... I enjoyed every lecture
teaching was so good and understandable
It gives very basic knowledge of python
This is very nice And important course.
This was awesome but need more content!
Very helpful but the level was too easy
I am very happy to part of this course.
it better than offline I really enjoyed
Teacher is very experienced and helpful
It is an excellent course for beginners
I got good skills on python programming
A Very useful course in this quarantine
I enjoy much while learning this course
Very basic and easy! Good for a novice!
this is good to learn  for the 1st time
this is a very good course for beginner
very nice course and easy to understand
it should be a more practical approach.
I enjoyed the class .It was really good
Easy to follow with great code examples
It is a very nice course for begineers.
It was really a great experience.....😊
it is very good and handsome experience
The answer is a litter too "complicate"
The assignment kinda hard to understand
it s a good course to start programming
very good and easy learning techniques.
I hope you can offer online office hour
Great introduction in coding and python
Easy to understand, great explanations.
Awesome tutorial for complete beginners
was very good BUT u have to add objects
its wonderful and simple to understand.
good course to start with the python..!
a very good introduction "for anybody".
Good for beginner. Very easy to follow.
very interesting and easy to understand
Well organized and simply to understand
Easy to follow and with clear exercises
This was a very nicely organized course
experience like a real tutor beside us
It was great  learning with Mr. Chuck.
Very self suffice course for beginners
It is a wonderful course for beginners
This is good course... but not at pick
Very useful and good platform to learn
breif explanation understood very well
excellent teaching with great examples
sir was very good. He teaches us well.
its very good teaching skills to learn
This course is helpful and worthtaking
nice but not much effective as i think
I love the experience of this program.
Good bases, with too many explanations
Great Course , concepts well explained
This course is very beneficial for us.
Great course to get started in Python.
A great  course and a great instructor
It is fantastic content as a beginner.
Not as difficult as expected it to be.
very useful during these lockdown days
amazing if it could available in hindi
Brilliant course, had many challenges.
I learn new course for this platfrom .
Good one to begin your python journey.
Great, concise course. Easy to follow.
nice one to start in programming field
For Beginners it's very helpful course
good online class, but too easy for me
The last week was not clear for me but
Very good introduction to programming.
Some of the queries must be resolved..
Very basic knowledge about programming
Superb TO start programming inn Python
It was pretty good to learn from base.
Nice, but for totally new programmers.
Loved the assignments and the quizzes.
very helpful for programming in python
Great course for beginners in coding.
very interesting and knowledge filled
so much better than out side resource
Great experience with this course ...
Programs are easy to solve. Thank You
Great learning sessions for newcomers
function and loops should be extended
it was really a satisfying experience
This course was explained in easy way
i needed more assignments to practice
Good online python programming skills
it's very helpful and awesome course.
nice to beginer bcz it is very basic!
Nice course but the videos were slow.
Well planned course for the beginners
Very good start up programming course
really nice program for beginners  :)
Very good course for getting started.
very good but please add more example
great content and very easy to follow
The course really good for a beginner
Pretty detail introduction for Python
indeed basic course, good for new one
Great explanations. A bit too simple.
Good for the beginners to programming
Excellent course for beginners.Thanks
Good course for introducing in Python
Great course for a Python beginner !!
Great course for begginers on Python.
Basic approach to Python programming.
maybe the pace is a little drawn out.
this course was very fun to complete
very helpful course i have ever seen
good explanation but a bit too basic
This course is very good. I like it.
Best Introductory Course for Python.
Excellent explanation by Charles sir
It is very good course for beginners
Taught me the basics. I am satisfied
it is easy and worthy for beginners.
Good enough to gain as much as u can
Very nice platform for the beginner.
I loved the way Dr. Sevrence taught.
a good choice for complete beginners
nice course try to do more in detail
very useful course for the beginners
it is very good course for beginners
Best course to start learning Python
This man is really really awesome!!!
the basics are beautifully explained
very happy to learn in this platform
It's really useful to develop skills
this course is best for the beginner
it is really good learn online class
easy to understand, thanx from china
nice and detail perfect for beginner
great but i hope we can start faster
Excellent initial course for Python.
Explain with more real time examples
Excellent course for  the beginners!
very basic course good for beginners
Good way to get started with Python.
great course but a little bit simple
It's a wonderful course, recommended
goooooood course if you do this free
Very good starting point for python!
Best intoduction course for python.
This course was really a good start
good one..more interactive..love it
It is a great course for beginners.
Great experience in learning python
Thanks to coursera for this course.
Good course ... keep going teaching
it was good and highly interactive.
great course to start programming!!
Great course for Python beginners!!
A great course to start with python
It was really helpful for beginners
Best course for beginners in Python
It was good. But it was too easy :|
very good course to start in python
awesome content and way of teaching
The teacher is very nice and funny.
Had fun. Really good for beginners.
Course gave a kick start to python.
Pretty good and easy to understand!
Could have gone a little bit faster
A very good course to learn python.
Great  course.  accessible for all.
Its very usefull course for python.
Tutarial was good for very begineer
it's really helping and useful...:)
Good start if you are new to Python
Very good course for the beginners.
So far the course has been amazing!
Could be a little  bit more complex
Very good course with great teacher
Nicely crafted course for beginners
This is very basic and fundamental.
course is just right for beginners
Really a good course to start with
Thank You it is warm up for novice
It was quite a good experience !!!
this is good for absolute beginner
quite good for beginners on python
good experience in online learning
Good plat form to learn..Thank you
it is excellent score for beginers
a lotto learn about in this course
good course  and cool instructor .
Good course for absolute beginners
This course is very helpful for me
Great course for Python beginners.
Functions topic is a bit confusing
you need to fix the assignment 5.2
Very interesting course I Loved It
really good course by great mentor
Great course, horrible autograder.
it was a good course for beginners
Good for basic knowledge of python
Good course for beginner in coding
Basics good course to get started.
One of the best series on Coursera
Great course for Python beginners.
enjoyed the course. learned a ton.
Basic course for python. Good one.
that's what I like about you!! aha
Good course for complete beginners
Teaches the basics of Python well.
Very basic introduction to Python.
It's interesting to learn Python .
A very good introduction to python
Good introduction to the material.
It was a good experience overall.
very good course cover everything
pretty nice course for a beginner
Best course for beginner students
Great course. Thank you very much
It was great and had fun learning
thank you sirit's very soft learn
Learn a lot from Prof. Charles!!!
The course is good for beginners.
It's decent for a starters course
it was quite easy and interesting
very easy way to learn programing
good teacher and great experience
Worth taking course for beginners
It was a nice experience Thanks!!
This course is best for beginners
need more programming assignments
i learnt all the basics of python
it's really learned me the basics
very good course for the beginner
It was a very good course to have
It's a good course for beginners.
nice, thank you so much Dr. chuck
It was great learning experience.
It was a good learning experience
This is very useful for begginers
Basic stuffs. Good for begineers.
Nice course helpful for beginners
I found this course a little slow
Excellent introduction to Python.
easy understanding,good professor
its overall good for basic python
I hope to learn more about Python
Perfect foundation for a beginner
Good course to start with Python.
Very good course for the beginner
Course was pretty good. Went well
This is quite good to learn basic
A very basic course, but not bad.
It was insightful and brilliant.
very good introduction to python
very good plateform for learning
Nice and the faculty is friendly
best courses to learn the python
Good platform to get into Course
very good session ,thank you sir
the last problem was very tricky
Coursera is very useful for me .
Nice Course you will learn a lot
it is very good and informative.
good course to start with python
tuutor teachings are fascinating
Very useful course for beginners
bit slow but instructor is great
a nice starting point for python
pretty interesting & informative
Nice course to start with python
it was a wonderful experience. i
got very nice expirence to learn
Nice and well presented course !
The way of teaching is very good
Good Expreience with this course
Relative simple but interesting.
Excellent course to learn Python
Very nice introduction to Python
Very Basic Python! Kudos to Prof
Awesome courseDr. Chuck is great
Good beginners course for Python
very good course for beginners!!
very piratical for the beginners
Very nice course for beginners!!
Very enjoyable. Great professor.
Great course and great lecturer!
Very good course for starters...
Great for learning python basics
Very easy and easy to understand
Great entry-level Python course!
Good for new learners of python
gained good knowlegde in python
One best course to learn python
Good Starting course for python
Course lectures are really good
Dr Chuck is absolutely amazing!
good course for beginners.....!
the way of teavhing is too good
Very Good course . Thank you...
give some what difficult tasks.
Thank you, It was useful for me
good course materials, love it.
Great but Need more information
I am happy taking this course!!
I learnt a lot from this course
Superb course for the beginners
Nice but we need somthing extra
it is very interesting to learn
Excellent course for beginners.
very well explained and taught.
Good Practice with the examples
its nice learning python basics
nicemore things can be included
Very good course for beginners.
a very good course for beginner
A beginner to programming class
Excellent course for begineers!
Good professor but super short.
More slides would be beneficial
It is good for beginner also so
Good to learn Basics of python3
Too basic course, for amateurs.
Very Good course for Beginners.
will help to have strong basics
Yes this was very basic course.
Awesome course for beginners...
a good start to learning python
i like the way of teaching ....
Good Introduction for beginners
Python console would be better.
Good introduction level course!
it give me so much information
Very Nice interacting Course!!
Covering of all topic is good.
for begginer its a good course
it was very enjoy full course.
Very good course of beginners!
Good way to learn new concepts
very useful for this quarntine
great platform to learn python
strategy of teaching is lovely
Simple and easy to understand.
very good course for beginners
Interesting and useful course.
best basic course for beginner
Good course for the beginners.
it is good, just a little easy
Its good but very introductory
We need more practice problems
Excellent course for beginners
please keep some more examples
add more content about python.
i have Learn more about python
Online python ide was awesome.
need more practice assignments
it s so useful and easy thanks
Pretty decent beginners course
HAD A GREAT TIME WITH COURSERA
a little vague on some aspects
Not too much practice included
good for start learning python
A little bit easy, but useful!
Nice course for the beginners.
interesting and easy to follow
well planned course structure.
Very clear and easy to follow.
A good introduction to python.
It's nice enough for beginner.
Fairly good and amazing course
Great intro to python, thanks.
My first coding program online
very good course for bigginers
Superb!! I love the lessons :)
Good thing, should be promoted
Real Basics of programming ...
Great Course for Beginners ...
Add some more coding problems
it was a wonderful experience
Excellent. Thanks to Coursera
this is best to understanding
A good START with this course
good course for self learners
Learned the Basic Programing.
Coursera is really gud site..
good course for the beginners
Well explained for beginners.
this course was really useful
very clear and understandable
Great for beginners of python
Way of approach was very good
A great course for beginners.
No help in coding is provided
appropriate for the neophyte!
Great content for beginners !
Great start point in general!
really nice! gives the basics
Too easy, but from zero is ok
Not enough assigments & tests
It is really for everybody :)
It's quite good for beginners
A nice introduction to Python
Was great learning overall...
Its good but its way too slow
Brilliant Class for Beginners
fundamental and useful class!
Great for absolute beginners.
for beginners is wary good :)
Wonderful learning experience
Very Very nicely explained...
Good course to learn python.
love and like this plateform
Good Experience...........!!
Easy for beginners learners.
Inspiring teacher and course
Great introduction to Python
easy to learn and understand
i successfully learnt python
Great start to learn python!
inhance the no. of exercises
A great course for beginners
amazing course for begginers
Good for a complete beginner
good one. good to begin with
overall it was a good course
A good course for beginners!
Buai log Questions Thoo dooo
great contents for beginner.
very impactful course for me
Awesome experience.Loved it.
Very nicely prepared course!
Good for absolute beginners.
This course was very helpful
It's good platform to python
Content should be increased.
nicely explained topics here
Very helpful to learn basics
Love it! Great intro course.
what I want is more exercise
Useful course for beginners.
Great course to get started!
it very easy to understand .
easy introduction int python
Good to learn python basics.
great course to learn Python
Nice introducing to python^)
good introductory of python.
A good introdution to python
Gr8 initial course on python
Very practical and didactic.
Basic introduction to Python
Good Teacher Thank Coursera
This is really good course.
Nice language for beginners
it's really very helpfull:)
Great Course for beginners.
It is really a good course.
Best way to learn python :)
A nice course to start with
simply superb to understand
a bit very basic ....course
nice course to start python
Very basic intro to Python.
Interacting and interesting
its like a real edutainment
very good beginner's course
Good course for beginners !
excellent teaching platform
great way to start learning
very good platform to learn
great experience of my life
the course is really good!!
I enjoy the professor a lot
Great Place to learn Python
More chapter could have inc
It was a great experience !
Good Course for a beginner.
Interesting and Interactive
Great course. I like a lot.
Nice introduction to Python
Good Course for Begginners
Nice course for beginners.
Overall, Good Experience!!
great learning experience!
Very good for fundamentals
it was a great experience.
Please unenroll the course
its very good for beginner
A beneficial online course
ExcellentIt' s very useful
Assignment was very tricky
It can be more explanatory
This was the great course.
good course make use of it
Nice course to statrt with
good course for beginners.
Superb session by Dr Chuck
i really enjoy this course
Great course for beginners
Should teach more in-depth
A decent one for starters.
Good course for beginners!
It was just awesome course
Best course for begineers.
great course for beginners
I love the way they teach.
Good course for beginners.
nice course. good teacher.
great course for start-ups
Good course for beginner..
Great kick start to python
Good intro class to python
Nice course by Dr. Charles
very good starting course.
Great Course for starting!
very tiring but worthwhile
Great - easy intro course.
very good beginner course.
It was a great experience.
Really clear and well done
Great introductory course.
very good course actually!
right course for beginners
Very personable instructor
The course is quit useful.
pls change the autograder
best course for begineers
Great course for everyone
great introductory course
Good Course for Beginners
It's good learning course
traslation in spanisheasy
Week 7 should be improved
great hands-on experience
thank you for your effort
Really excellent courses.
content is great and easy
nice start for a beginner
a very good basics course
It was a good experience.
good course for starters.
good course for begineers
Really a good experience.
Nice course for bginners.
It's very niece program..
course was really awesome
reallyy liked this course
actually it's nice course
It was very great course.
Nice course for beginners
I improve my coding skill
clear and easy understand
Good Course for biginners
This online site is good.
Best course for beginners
Good Course for Beginners
Great for starting python
Very nice course to start
I had a great experience.
nice course for beginners
Its good for basis level.
nice course for begineers
Good Introductory course.
Could be more challenging
Great knowledge content!!
good course to start with
Good course for startup .
A great course for newer.
Best teacher around!!! :)
good for fresh programmer
basic course for beginner
Great course for beginers
It could go a bit faster.
one of the best courses.
The experience was good.
nice and great explained
Shuldhavemoreassignments
very good . learned alot
good for online learning
i dont like that old man
Good introductory class.
nice journey throughtout
nice and really helpfull
Quick, fun and engaging.
it is a very good course
Good!!Excellent Teaching
IT WAS GREAT EXPERIENCE.
Too many unrelated staff
nice to get started with
this Course is amazing!!
It's a very good course.
Good course for beginner
Good Learning Experience
It was an awesome course
The course is very good.
Had a very good learning
Teaching was just superb
Easy And Understandable.
Very good for beginners!
Course is Very Help Full
its really good and cool
simple but basic course.
Too basic uptil 3rd week
good course, very clear.
its very good for basics
Good for covering Basics
Good introductory course
Good Course for beginner
Sometimes it's too easy.
Very Good fro Beginners!
great introductory class
Very good for beginners.
Good course for starters
Pretty good for starters
Very nice trainingthanx
it is the greate course
Nice course with basics
Nice interactive course
It's too helpful for us
Great for Beginners !!!
This is a great course.
This easy to understand
it is very useful to me
good job by the teacher
Its Great Learning Here
course is nice and easy
Useful and satisfactory
Good course, helps alor
TRY IT WOULD NOT REGRET
way of teaching is good
it was good and helpful
easy and understandable
Solid course all around
Nice and Easy to follow
easy and helpful course
Excellency at it's peek
Easy, a little to easy.
A Good Start for python
I was very nice course.
We need more excercises
Too easy for my opinion
Basic Course. Not tough
the professor is cute!!
very insightful course
It was good experience
It was a good revision
Good content is awsome
Nice class enjoyed it.
it was good experience
It was very intuitive.
A journey full of fun!
Good beginners course.
best course for python
Great course thanks :)
very basic and helpful
it's very good course.
Sir is amazing teacher
Good and excellent way
Very nice explanations
The course is amazing!
Nice course for Basics
Very good intro course
just some basic things
good one to start with
It was a great course.
quit good but too easy
Good course on Python.
Thanks for the course
Great course so clear
Great learning course
good course to start!
this was really great
It is a useful course
the course was good!!
5.2 assignment stucks
Its good for beginer/
It was great learning
it was  very helpfull
best site of learning
more info is excepted
prof: charles is good
tutor is very good...
good start for python
The course is awesome
i enjoyed the course.
programming is fun!!!
good in every aspects
Overall great course.
it a fantastic course
Great intro to python
It is a great course!
Good for new learner!
good of basic learner
must for every people
We like these courses
Should be made tough.
Very well instructed.
its a little bit easy
Dr. Chuck is awesome!
Its simply great!!!!!
Great learning Course
Nice beginner course!
Pretty amazing course
Good and interesting
very good experience
really nice to learn
Overall good course.
its so useful for me
good course to learn
Ii was really useful
satisfied with tutor
it was a good course
Experience was great
good course to learn
course was very good
course is very good.
Good for a beginner!
really helpful alot.
course was very good
Very well explained!
Good beginner course
very nice instructor
too hard and general
Good starter course.
Good start to python
send the certificate
Good starting course
good intro to python
Really a nice course
Good way of teaching
very good and useful
Fabulous teacher....
good but too easy...
This is really good!
Easy and efficient.
wonderfull platform
the course is good.
Very well organized
Could be a bit fast
python is very goog
It was really good.
It's amazing course
good and motivating
Very nice course...
Was good,have a try
Very instructional!
little bit too easy
Very helpful course
Moves a little slow
great for the start
Very Good, and easy
Confidence builder!
It is simply superb
It's a great start!
pretty basic course
best python course
Good for begineers
Easy to understand
A very good course
It's easy to learn
excellent teaching
iTISVERYGOODCOURSE
Excellent teaching
it was really good
thank you Coursera
easy to understand
it's very helpfull
its really helpful
thanks to coursera
good for begineers
Easy for everybody
awesome instructor
Thank you so much.
Really good course
such a good course
I enjoy very much.
Very nice lectures
I like this course
Good for BEGINNERS
It is a very good.
Very good, thanks.
excellent teaching
Nice basic Course.
Good Intro course!
very good course!!
A little too easy.
Nice Explanations
VERY USEFUL TO ME
it was quite good
Friendly approach
Teaching was best
loved to learn it
Very good course.
best teacher ever
good experience !
good for freshers
good learning app
good introduction
very basic course
basic as proposed
loved this course
Very good course.
good for learning
A planned course.
very effective!!!
Very Informative
It's good course
It really helps.
Good teaching !!
good explanation
liked the course
¡me gusto mucho!
its good overall
Good teaching 👍
Awesome Course !
I Enjoyed course
Just insightful.
thank  you a lot
very good tutior
Amazing learning
very nice one :)
Very Rudimentary
Good base course
Cool, easy stuff
Ease of Learning
wonderful course
simply awesome!!
it is too simple
it's intersting
great explainer
Good initiative
Thanku coursera
good experience
It is very good
nice and simple
good experiance
good for basics
course was nice
cool instructor
really good one
its vary simple
good experience
It was Nice. :)
Good for basics
i learned a lot
Good Experience
Good teaching s
It is worth it.
some high level
little too easy
Nice for basics
Thanks A Ton...
good experince
learned a lot!
well explained
really helpful
very helpful!!
amazing course
Awesome Course
Knowledgeable!
It was nice :)
helpful course
It was great !
A bit too easy
Great Content!
one for newbie
good for start
thank you sir
nice learning
its very good
good learning
It was great!
It was a good
Actually good
Good platform
Learnt python
Good teaching
good and nice
its effective
Great content
good lectures
Great Work!!!
good training
its too basic
Easy learning
good teaching
Great Content
Overall good.
very helpful.
Goo materials
Great teacher
easy to learn
Good starting
easy and fun!
Good for peop
Easy to learn
Good for me!!
this is good.
Great course!
easy and good
Incredible...
it was cool.
good course.
Very useful.
good teacher
Informative.
Basic course
just a basic
It was easy.
Good content
Quiklearning
Good content
goodlearnIng
Good Basic p
Great basics
Well taught.
A bit simple
thanks a lot
It was good
pretty good
Pretty good
very useful
It's great.
Greatcourse
GOOD COURSE
Its awesome
easy course
Very Useful
IT WAS NICE
Good enough
Really good
It is nice!
Slow paced.
Pretty easy
a easy one.
Fairly easy
very basic
its awesom
attractive
tq so much
Enjoyed it
thanks sir
Enjoyed...
It's good.
Very great
good topic
4 out of 5
Very Good!
Toooo easy
Very baic
Thanks...
it's good
Worth it!
Very Nice
Too Basic
THANKS...
Too easy!
Its good
thankyou
Its Good
too easy
Great!!!
nothing
thanks!
It good
Nothing
helpful
so easy
awsome
Excellent, although, even without having any programming experience except some Visual Basic at school about ten years ago, in my opinion the course could have bee more difficult and the pace quicker.
Extremely basic but Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.
Lecture videos were broken into small parts whereby it's easy to understand and digest. Assessment given were relevant to what was taught for each segment. Navigating around course contents were easy.
first time i had done any course online and this was a wonderful experience I learned all the stuff and the explanation provided was good.i would like to do more courses from herethank you!
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.
After trying tutorial after tutorial and exploring many different resources to learn Python, I have finally found one that works! This is a very fun course, and the free textbook is simply incredible.
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.
The professor's lecture is so awesome, however, the content is adjust to the new programming learners. I heared extended part of the course is charged,  you can purchased it if you want deeper learning
Very good introduction to basic programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background - but still extremely useful to quickly and efficiently learn python basics.
I completed the course in about three days. I've never programmed before to the learning curve was excruciating but nonetheless I managed to get through and finally get my python feet wet so to speak.
Thank you. It was a worthwhile course. Entertaining as well. I just wish that there were more sample homework before the exercises so students could see how the lessons are applied to actual problems.
Easy to follow and not boring. The instructor breaks things down in simple form. The Coursera platform is sometimes a bit quirky but otherwise the content in this course I thought was quite excellent.
excellent for beginners, very well described, great understanding grasped and its simple, very simple, but thats what makes it 5 star, is that its for anyone or as the title says pythong for Everybody
Extremely well laid out curriculum, to the point videos and excellent book. Built my confidence level to clear the course. Thanks Dr.Chuck for all the hard work and diligence to support the community.
Dr. Chuck has a special ability to teach programming to people who doesn't necessarily have programming background. This is rare among programming teachers, and shows that he is an excellent educator.
This course is organized and explained very well.  It is moderately challenging, and I recommend it to get interested in Python.  The teacher and the assistant staff are very good.  I enjoyed the course.
this course is extremely suitable for an individual who does not know anything about python. but after i learned the course . it seems  like a litter bit of easy. i commend that at the final of the course. the text should tend to more difficult so that people who learn this course can actually improve programming skill
Great teacher Chuck and obviously a great course for people just starting out with programming. Well paced. The suggested timings for the assignments were a bit off, I think, but well, that's just me.
i know about a bit of programming language skills by using c or c++. But i also wanted to learn about the python programming language, so i decided to go with coursera & i want to say....waao...Dr. Chuck is awesome, the way he taught is pretty great... i mean to say that... this course is pretty awesome for everyone who want to go with python programming language So, i'm highly recommending to go with this course.
Excellent course.  The pace was perfect, it was not so long that it was daunting to finish and it did not take too much weekly free time either.  Despite this, I was still able to learn a great deal and am still motivated to continue with the rest of the specialization.
I really enjoyed the course.Charles Severance explains every concept in a simple way with good examples.
Great way to start. It is excellent for persons with no programming background
Extremely basic but Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.
well i am thankful for such platform for providing  and me to develop my programming skill, and also for respected sir  Charles Russell Severance , the way he teaches i understand from basics of python.
I loved it! Dr. Chuck is extraordinary in his explanations. A great way to start on Python programming. As a person that hasn't programmed in years it was an encouraging and educational experience :-)
It's perfect
A really simple and what is the most important a clear course.Really hope that next sessions are created in the same manner.Will highly recommend to anyone who decides to start studying Python
Great course to start programming  in Python.
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.
Easy to follow and not boring. The instructor breaks things down in simple form. The Coursera platform is sometimes a bit quirky but otherwise the content in this course I thought was quite excellent.
A well-designed course, especially for the beginners, who are really enthusiastic and passionate about programming. It really helps you to learn from scratch and it does not require any prerequisites.
I love Coursera , it's so helpful for me . I hope that other lessons and courses are also cool like this and the Dr. Chuck ia the coolest ever teacher i have ever seen so thank you very much Coursera.
Very well explained the concepts of programming in the context of Python and that too with good fun. Love you Chuck
This class served as not only my introduction to Python, but to programming in general. For whatever reason, programming can seem like a daunting task to people, including me. However, Professor Severance had a casual, yet confident attitude that made each week feel like an approachable game that happens to be very useful. I didn't expect to have a great time watching the lectures, but I did. Obviously, I'm not very advanced yet with programming, but it seemed to me Professor Severance was great at anticipating faulty habits or inclinations and nipping those in the bud for us beginners. He has well-constructed examples to explain his points without making them overly complex. In short, I think the title of the course is apt; it does a good job at making Python understood by everybody who is interested to learn. Thanks for the solid foundation!
I just loved the instructor!!!

I loved the way he teaches, he taught some deep topics very easily. It was very simplified and examples were so relatable and the way he made me understand the codes, I just started to fall in love with programming !
After this course, I am not only clear with the algorithms and control flow but also I have learned many techniques to easily code. 
I have got a free book, with this course, which is the easiest programming book I have ever read!!! 
I tried to code by my self after learning a topic, I gave myself some problems and solved by myself which gave me confidence. 
In this course I have learned about basic programming, overview of python, hardware and software relations,hardwere overview,variables,conditionals,function,user defined function,loop and control statement and so on.
Well Python, though was the first programming language that I ever picked up to learn when I was in my high school, I didn't continue coding in python(regretfully) after finishing cover to cover two books 1) Head First Python by O'Reilly Publications ; 2) How to think like a computer scientist: using python. After a long break I started learning Java when I started studying Computer Science at university and after coding in Java for almost two years and learning a lot of data structures and algorithms and implementing them using Java, I totally forgot how to write Python codes so this was a very good quick, informative and adequate revision. I feel like a Pythonista already. Going to continue the second part of this course too. Thank you !!
Excellent starting point course. Very easy to follow and understand. Terrific instructor who explains things well, is never dull and is easy to listen to. The "office hours" videos seemed a little unnecessary. I'm not sure what the point of those was. I found this course quite easy, probably because I have a B. Sc. in Computer Science, although that was a while ago. I really liked learning how to install and use Atom (Atom Nightly for Mac was the one that worked... search for Apple support note about that -- regular Atom will not download), Python and Terminal, none of which I was familiar with before. Great job! I will take more courses in this specialization for sure !
This course is really simple and does what it says. It gets you started with Python and basic programming. If you are not introduced to Python at all and would like to learn, this should be your go-to option. The instructor is really knowledgeable and really fun at the same time. I would like to advise on completing the next course "Python: Data Structures" as well to get acquainted with lists, dictionaries, tuples, etc. and programs utilizing these concepts. This would really round up the introductory concepts in Python.
This course is hands down my favourite programming course (And I've taken a lot of programming courses). Dr. Chuck (the instructor) teaches so well. He makes the class fun and even tells stories during lessons. He also tries to be as friendly as possible. That makes the learning experience so much better.The concepts are clear and they're explained properly too. And the assignments in the middle make sure that you really pay attention to the course.If you are looking for a course to start learning Python, this is the one.
This course is fantastic! I always looked at coding as some dark magic that I would never understand. Now, after this course, I want to continue mastering this skill set and understand how else I can use to to manipulate, interpret, and display data. The instructor is wonderful, and I am now actively looking for his other courses to take next. My only suggestion is for some of the exercises to be displayed via Windows and not just Mac, but that's an extremely minor issue. I highly recommend this instructor. Great course.
Great lectures, great text book.  I really liked the professor - in his videos he progresses fast enough that you don't get bored, but slow enough that you can understand the material.  I generally dislike watching instructional videos because I'd rather read the instructions and do it at my own pace, which is usually faster than the video's pace, but I didn't mind watching these.  I also liked the fact that he had a textbook that you can use as reference so that you don't have to re-watch the videos over and over again.
I started this course with zero knowledge of programming: 20 years ago, I have learned basic HTML, that's all. I am not a computer or technology person at all. However, Dr. Chuck's teach method made me feel like the contents are simple. In the latter half of the course, I struggled to do assignment of making a code. Because I need to use more function, and my brain hadn't fully understood how to use those functions. I reviewed my note many times and finished assignments. Thank you for your excellent lecture, Dr. Chuck!!
This was my first ever course online and I am happy to say that I had a satisfying experience. The great thing about this course is that not only the instructor is dedicated and really puts his heart into teaching the material; all the necessary steps are taken to ensure the student's success; that the student can really complete the course without getting demotivated. I highly recommend this course to the beginner programmers, who have never written any code and want to learn to code in an fun yet challenging manner.
Out of all the courses that I have taken on Coursera, this one left me with a smile on the face as I worked through the content week by week. Professor Chuck has a humorous and engaging style of teaching. The bonus materials are absolutely a charm, I loved seeing so many students as they meet and greet with professor and share their experiences. The exercises are a great way of beginning in programming and are very relevant to the material being taught. I am eager to take more courses from this specialization.
Incredible course!!! 1. Python is so complicated but the course is simple (maybe just at the beginning, for people like me with thin mathematics foundation and no knowledge of programming at all!) 2. The logic of the course is very clear and simple to understand 3. The arrangement is not so tight, therefore is friendly to people who have full-time job like me! 4. Coursera is incredible!!! See you in the next course!
This is an amazing course. I used to be so scared to computer programming. But I enjoyed this course so much that I actually enjoyed doing the assignments. I completed the course in just 9 days which is awesome. This just proves that if the professor is engaging, students will love learning. I am very very greatful to the instructor. This has been a wonderful experience.
I cannot describe my joy at achieving this feat. It was an interesting and fulfilling experience. Although, a complete beginner, I was able to comprehend the lessons owing to the simple language used by the instructor. Thank you so much, Professor Charles. I sometimes had tough times, but it was worth it. I won't relent at this level, I will continue to soar higher.
A very interesting and useful online course for begginers. I think it's a great opportunity for everyone to spend some time with this course, as you can learn the basics about Python programming and more. Thanks Charles Severance for this amazing online course!I'm looking forward to attend the next courses of this specialization!
I love the teaching style of Dr. Severance!! I've tried so many other tutorials online but his class is by far my favorite. He helps cement connections by use of metaphors and visual aids and as a student who has traditionally favored subjects such as language arts, it has been invaluable to my learning experience!!
I have gone through plenty of materials for python and also did few data science courses.But I regret taking this course at the first place.Dr Severance’s lectures are very neat and easy to understand.I never understood basics so well before :)I am very grateful to be a part of this specialisation
I struggled, had to watch most of the videos  2  or even 4 times, but I have completed it.The instructor is highly professional, a true teacher. I started with the Python course by Google and it was poorly explained. The instructor here knows exactly what beginners' learning process is like.
The best online course I have taken so far. Charles Sir used a very simple way to convey his knowledge with his best efforts. You will learn every python basics. The topic I liked most is except and try and Functions. I am grateful to Coursera for providing such a great platform for us.
I am an absolute beginner to programming. I find this course a clearly instructed one for beginners. The course design is pragmatically useful because you need to practice by yourself, going through videos and books, in order to pass all the assignments. It is worth it in the end!
This is the course from which i  came to know as a first time , how does the python looks like?I  got amazed every time when i was writing my code due to its simplicity and  readability.NO doubt Chuck sir plays a very crucial role.I am very eager and excited to go  for part two.
I had not programmed in  years. I took this course and in less than a week, I was reliving my youth in my programming years. I guess it's kind of like riding a bike. You never forget. But having a good class like this one as a refresher sure makes it easier.
I really liked Dr Severance. He kept my interest and didn't drone on about things....had a great personality and didn't assume you knew everything he has learned throughout his entire career. He has made me want to take the entire specialization. Great Job!
Hi, sorry for my English. I'm learner from Russia and i'm already know python basics so i want to learn english programming stuff. It's very interesting and simple to understand for beginners, but for me i want more complex task. Thanks for course.
It was an amazing experience with Dr. Chuck. Thanks, Sir, for your amazing teaching and help me to learn a new language. Anybody who's looking for a perfect start in the kingdom of Python can take this course without thinking twice. Happy Coding!!
Regardless of its simplicity, caused by nothing else but the fact that this is a course meant to build a fundamental knowledge of the language, the course never gets boring. This is by virtue of Dr Chuck's immense talent and skill for teaching.
Excellent course! The videos are great and the exercises push you. Very good course to get into the basics. The material is made available which is great to use as a reference for afterward. By far the best online course for beginners.
Great project! Great Lesson! Thank you Prof. Charles, your lesson helps many many people! Your lecture is fun and practical! And thank all the team working for this project! Thank coursera! This is a great platform! I love you all!
It was so easy to engage in the assignments after the awesome video tutorials.The discussion forum is wonderful so that doubts can be cleared by your peers.It builds a social connection amidst this corona pandemic situation.
Course explains everything in a well defined manner and it's so easy to understand but challenging enough to have you think on your own. Very impressive. Hope there are more courses like this for more advanced subjects.
It is a well-paced course that is enticing for those who are just delving into programming as a subject and to the veterans out there looking for a quick introduction to Python and its coherent simplicity and power.
Amma baboi...Dr.chuck you are really awesomeThe way u teach and crack jokes in between are simply awesome.and coming to the course I improved my skills in python from Zero knowledge to complete grip on python.:)
Course was very intresting and interactive. And also looking forward to start python data structure course. Charles sir was teaching perfectly and his lecture content was also very helpful.Thank you!!
It was an awesome course , the instructor was very good at explaining it in a (hogward) like way .It was fun, i feel like anyone who doesn't have prior knowledge on programming can learn it with ease.
Very good course that does a great job introducing programming concepts to a person that has no prior knowledge in this field from the ground up. Enforces good programming habits and fundamentals.
This is a very good way for everybody to start python. Dr. Chuck took his time to prepare material that any beginner can learn and understand. I am happy I just got a good foundation for Python
The course is perfect for beginners. The instructor is quite friendly and the lecture materials are helpful too. This course doesn't require any prior skill so anybody can learn from scratch.
Fantastic course, I really enjoyed learning the fundamentals of Python. The professor has a great delivery and the lectures are really enjoyable. The exercises were a fun challenge, too.
I am very happy as I started my career with programming after couple of years experience in different stream. Python course prepared in an efficient manner, which can understand by any
It's a great opportunity to learn here. Its great institute for learning. Here instructors are very experts. The teaching methods are very good. I am learning good things from here.
Very good lectures and practice assignments which will enable a person with little knowledge in programming, have a good stepping stone for building the knowledge further.
This course  teaches us basics for programming even if  we hve no programming background  this course is easy to understand and assignments are Interesting
Great interactive course for beginners in programming as it doesn't only offer theoretical knowledge but also provides a platform to test one's abilities
I think this is a great course, the professor, videos and all course content is very good!Thanks to University of Michigan and Dr Chuck for this course.
Excellent teaching starting from basics and going gradually at a very reasonable pace with quizzes and assignments along the way to track your progress.
This course is very suitable for beginners and the lectures are short and very precise and the instructor is a fun teacher
If you want to know the working of python as a programming language then you should join this course
Great course for a beginner who wants to step into the world of programming. Enjoyed a lot.
Absolute basic course. novice in programming can easily learn python with this course.
Very crisp and Bang on Target.Useful for people who have a passion for self learning.
Awesome!   I never seen this type of instructor .very interesting and useful.
Great teaching: easy language, some extra work and thinking. Thank you!
Best of Instructions and the best teaching faculty on internet.
Clear, easy and concise for beginners. Highly recommended
Long story short : awesome teacher, perfect materials
Excellent course even for a beginner in programming
Is such a valuable beginning. Well structured.
very good for a new python programmer
I love the professor! He is so funny!
Simple and informative content
instructor is really awesome
Dr. Chuck is obviously best
A very good course.
Overall, this is a great introduction to Python. Prior to this class, I had zero Python experience; however, my review will be biased because not only am I a graduate of University of Michigan, but I also have 30+ years of software experience including Structured Text (CoDeSys), C, C++, C#, and a half-dozen others.Professor Severance is a great teacher – I wish I could have had him as a professor during my years at U of M.Four-point-nine-star review: because I find a few things lacking in these introductory software courses, and this one in particular.Development and debugging: line by line stepping through our code using a “better” software tool. Atom and the IDLE tools are VERY lacking in development capabilities.It is fundamental to software development to be able to step through your code, line by line, set breakpoints, and easily examine variables and values as they change. And I believe this would make it MUCH more clear to new software students exactly what a CPU is doing when processing code.I know the video course tried very hard to “sketch” out what is really going on in While loops, For loops, If-then-else statements, and function calls. However, I think that students, especially students new to software overall, would benefit greatly if they could use a more professional tool than the Atom and IDLE tools. And if that’s not possible, I think the videos should show the actual animation of stepping through line-by-line and setting breakpoints in example software, using such a tool.Visual Studio Community version is FREE online, and has all these capabilities. I’m not promoting Microsoft or this tool, other than it’s an excellent example of the types of tools students should use for really learning software. And they will benefit greatly from this experience when they evolve to the professional level.And two footnotes about Python:(a) Implicit conversion from int to float, and(b) indentation.These are my main “beefs” against Python; in the 21st century, implicit conversions should never be allowed. And the fact that Python 3 (not Python 2) implicitly converts integers to floats during mathematical operations will bar it from being an enterprise professional language. Indentation instead of braces or other blocking methods: over and over again students will be stumped as to why their code does not work because tabs and spaces are being mingled in the code. A professional language should not do that. Indeed, one must carefully make sure the settings convert tabs to spaces.
DON'T GIVE UP SO SOON. KEEP ON MOVING TO COURSE 2 OF THIS SPECIALIZATION.Sections 1-7: I had no previous knowledge about programming, even my educational background doesn't related to computer science at all. I have passion for working on the computer as a graphic designer as well as website designer, I thought I must have knowledge of programming language in order to ease my work as a website designer, but everything in this full 7 section course offers me the basic knowledge of programming with python, so nothing came as a complete surprise, that's why I mustn't quit so soon, I need to proceed to the next course to have viable workable experience in this specialization. This is also my first course on coursera so I did not realize until around section 3 that we were supposed to read the chapter from Charles' book (which is free) Python for Everybody: Exploring Data Using Python 3 and then view the lectures. If you have never programmed before I recommend that you read these chapters first and then watch the lectures. If you're a programmer, you can skip the reading and watch the lectures until you hit material that is more challenging and then I recommend reading the chapter and following all of the exercises for the beginners. In my own opinion Charles Russell Severance is a great lecturer although he somehow seems to be funny sometimes but I really interested in this course because of him. If everyone of the lecturer happen to be like him even an academic challenged individual can easily master the subject matter. All the topics of discussion were explicitly stated. All the videos were well organized in a logical manner. As the material became more difficult it became more interesting and I grew to enjoy and appreciate the down-to-earth style that Dr. Chuck has when teaching a concept in the course. I believe that he may be the person who can help me realize my dream in programming and  understand how to properly execute classes with functions in my coding.The course was easy (I expected this), and I was only truly challenged on the last section of the course where the homework took me more than 5-10 mins to complete. Anyway, I was astonished when I got it later.I'm looking forward to the next section of this 5 part specialization of Python for Everybody course on Coursera, where I expect to be more challenged than in the first part (Getting Started with Python).Thanks for reading this and I hope it will be of help to you.
This course is a perfect one for people who are beginning to take their first steps in the world of Python (and programming, in general).. All the lectures, assignments, and the course materials offer quite good insight to basic and fundamental programming concepts..And, considering the syntactical ease of Python, it makes programming easy to learn and understand, removing the extra clutter found in the more traditional languages like C/C++ or Java,,And, finally, the instructor, Prof. Charles Severance, who is more affectionately called Dr. Chuck just mixes fun and learning to create quite an exciting and memorable teaching environment,But, while all of this good, I felt that this course lacked the bite for a more advanced learner or someone who has spent sometime in the world of programming.. The complexity of the quizzes or the assignments are at beginner level... Best for complete beginners..But, like i mentioned earlier, it is very easy to rush the whole course in a couple of days time or at most, one week for an advanced learner. This course lays the foundation for the more advanced courses in Python.. Technically, it is the first part of the Programming for Everybody specialization, which consists of 5 courses, revolving around the world of Python.. So, my final advice to all beginners is to take their sweet time understanding and grasping these fundamental concepts,, These form the foundation stone for any programming language as well as Computer Science world. Don't worry  about the assignments, you will get more than ample time to complete them and succeed in them..Plus, I feel that you will also enjoy some of the bonus interviews.. They could be quite motivating or thought-provoking..And, for advanced beginners, you can rush through this course and brush up on some basic concepts to move into more advanced courses, which will not only be a lot more challenging and catering more advanced and diverse concepts and topics.. And, in my opinion, this specialization package could be, at this current moment, the best possible experience when compared to learning the basics of Python online.. And, could be the closest thing to a face-to-face learning experience..
This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting. This one wasn't like that by far. He was interesting and even funny at times. The only issue I have is that if you are auditing the class, it isn't as nice an experience. You can't submit quizzes to see if you got them right and all your coding problems are marked wrong. You can still do the coding and the website will error check and all, but you won't get the pass/fail grade to be sure you got it right. I worked through all the materials, including reading the chapters in the book in just four days. I'd say there is about 2 to 4 hours of work per "week" expected. So, great course, but Coursera has become more interested in making money than in those of us who must only audit. It is not worth my time to chase up financial aid for something I'm working through so quickly. I'd rather spend the time working on a portfolio for future work than to bother about all that. I'm disabled, so I have no money to through at the problem. So, if you can only audit the class, is it worth it? YES! Just prepared to be highly annoyed with Coursera. The problem isn't the instructor's fault and I'm glad to have the materials. The videos covers what's in the book, but in an easy to understand way, so when you read the chapter associated with it, you can follow along without it being too dry or laborious. Then you are ready for the quiz and coding problem(s), and then a little wrap up material before moving on to the next lesson. I'm glad we are allowed to work ahead. I'm moving on to the second course in the specialization, which picks up where this one left off. If you want to learn Python or just "a" programing language to get a start or just dabble in programming, this is a great place to start!
I'd like to say this is the MOST AMAZING programming course I've taken.

I have been trying to learn programming since I was in primary school (OK and now I am a high school graduate). Through the years I've learned Scratch, C++ and a couple of other things at school that I don't remember. But the problem was, all those teachers were going way too fast for a beginner like me to understand the whole thing. They also presumed that I understood their logic, but in reality I couldn't. So I only had to remember the "codes" and copy them from my brain onto exams. Then a few months later, I'd forget them.

But Dr. Chuck's course is amazing, literally amazing. His pace of teaching was just the perfect tempo for me, not too fast so as to get the whole picture and get things organized, and not too slow to waste time. I think he did an excellent job in illustrating the whole logic of the codes we've learned. Also as a programmer for many years, he had many small tips for us beginners (like how to find the same file in both Atom and Python) that are really useful but are not included in typical textbooks. He is also very humorous and listening to his course is nothing but boring. The funny little videos in Bonus part were also relaxing.

And I think the quiz and homework system in Coursera worked pretty well with the lectures. It gave me chances to check my progress, and pointed out the small things I missed in the lectures. I also like the forum where we can ask questions and see how hundreds of other students throughout the world are learning with me. The whole system made my learning very efficient.

Since I am just a new comer to programming, I can't pick out some technical problems of the course design. I've seen many comments saying how the course lacked some basic points, and I think they might be true. However, from my point of view, I am really satisfied with how much I successfully learned in such a short course, and I am really grateful for Dr. Chuck and Coursera for providing such a wonderful educational experience.
Majoring in Genetics and Molecular Biology, I were fortunate enough to meet one of my lecturer who works primarily on Next Generation Sequencing and its downstream analysis. Knowing the importance of how computer science will be in the near future and its power, he urges us to learn about programming and suggests us to extend our semester to take some programming courses from my university. It was the first time I heard about those words: Linux, big data, programming languages such as Java, Python et cetera. I started searching about some summer courses in my university and also other part time courses from other universities in my countries, but none of them is satisfactory. And then I found coursera, and decided to register for this course - Programming for Everybody. It is really a great solution, I don't have to extend my semester, I can learn something so useful to my major yet it is not included in my own course program, and most importantly, I can learn whenever I am free and proceed in my own pace. In this way I find it easier to figure out things which I am confused of and clear them out before I think I am ready for the next.Dr. Chuck is indeed one of the most inspiring and encouraging lecturer I have ever met. Clear explanation, and step by step guidance, he clears all doubts in an interesting way. It is his humour that helps me to remember things. Programming can be boring and dull, it is so technical, imagine that you have to follow a certain number of rules to talk to someone, but Dr. Chuck makes sense out of it (I still remember the first lecture: while you think you are joking with python, it says syntax error). As my first programming course, I really learn a lot from Dr. Chuck, a lot more than I expected to. I truly appreciate all the efforts made by Dr. Chuck and his teams, and also, the teams behind Coursera. Thank you.
If anyone is unsure where and how to start and feel like they aren't very "tech-savvy", this class is the place to start.  Best Computer Science intro class I had taken without the pressure of learning the more technical stuff.  Professor Severance introduced coding with very simple and layman terms.  I came in hesitant and unsure if coding was within my reach, and after taking his course I am not only amazed with how much I was able to understand, but am looking forward to learning more.  His lectures are easy,  short and to-the-point, no computer jargon or overly complicated terms.  And the assignments push you enough to really understand the new concepts he is teaching.  Rather than just coding, he is teaching us to to be hyper-aware of our writing, how a computer interprets it and its affect in the end result in our code.  If he is teaching any other classes in Python I will definitely take them.  If not, I feel like I have a solid foundation to continue my self studies.  I was very lost where to begin in my desire to learning coding.  Thank you very much Professor Severance, your passion and desire for people to learn coding through Python shines through this course.  I appreciate your effort to make learning such a foreign area of study (to most people) much more approachable, and even coming alongside in sympathizing with our frustrations.  Learning something new is difficult, but having a teacher who understands this and wants to help the student is beyond what a student can ask for of his/her teacher.Again if you have had a desire to learn coding and thought it was impossible, feeling lost going through all the different youtube videos and forums.  Take this course!  It'll give you that basic foundation in learning to code without being overwhelmed by technical jargon.
From start I know Coursera is one of the best online platform to learn things in quicker, proper, and smarter  manner although I  am not a newbie in programming but doesn't know how to code in python that is only reason I choose this course after seeing the ratings of the course I am eager to join this course. And as expected this course is far more better than my expectation and the Instructor of this course is really very good.  
Charles Severance is one of the best teacher on online platform, I go through, really enjoyed the way he taught to us. His techniques, his way of teaching is something which makes him unique, and may be that's the reason most of student enjoy to attend hi course. I love the way he start teaching from the scratch and cover almost everything which is either required for course or essential for us. I have completed this seven week course  in just within two weeks because I loved the way Professor Charles Severance teaches.
I am glad to attend this course and looking forward to attend the further courses by Doctor Charles Severance, continuing  this series of Python learning.  At last I would like to suggest all of aspirants want to learn python to go though  this course at least once. 
I loved various blogs in the end of every weeks either it is interview of any one or just a fun blog of office tours of Bangalore, Paris, Milan ,Seoul etc.
At last I wanna to thanks Coursera for providing this course to us and I would also like to thanks  Michigan University for providing this course to us . Thank you Coursera and thanks to Michigan University to providing us such a wonderful  course. 
                                                                                 THANK YOU :)
Has many high-quality university courses fromtop U.S. universitiessuch as Stanford, Princeton, and Yale as well as international institutions such as the University of London and HEC Paris.Course feesare not immediately shown on the Coursera course pages, unfortunately. To view the fee, you have to click on "Enroll" and register for the platform. This will display the individual price for the course (for paid courses).If you want to take a course without a certificate for free, you can choose the "Audit" option for many courses (when registering for the course).Course series of several online courses are calledSpecializations. These require payment of a fee (monthly subscription, don't forget to cancel!). However, you can often take the individual courses of the series free of charge (without a certificate).Anyone enrolling for a paid course or Specialization will get access to a7-day trial period. If you are a quick learner, you can sometimes complete a course within the trial phase (and thus possibly even receive a certificate for free!).Some (not all) of thePersonal Development / Career courseshave been criticized by users as being rather superficial. Anyone who is already working and has an academic degree may not learn much in some of these courses.A clear advantage over other course platforms is theeasy navigationwithin courses. Videos, tests, discussion forums and further reading materials are easily accessible.For some courses, a final exam with an assessment by other students is required (Peer Assessment). This often works well, but for smaller courses with fewer participants, it may take some time to get adequate feedback for your work.
by Brandt completed this course, spending 1 hours a week on it and found the course difficulty to be very easy.
This is the first class in the new (at the time I took it) Python for Everybody specialization, which grew out of Dr. Charles Severence's popular course of the same name. As I understand it, the first two courses of this specialization will cover the material from the previous course, while the third and fourth courses and the capstone will cover new material.

This is a very gentle introduction to programming in Python. The videos are very thorough, and Dr. Chuck does a good job of going over everything he's teaching in great detail. As I had a fair amount of experience in R and some experience with Python (Codecademy course and Genomic Data Science with Python course), I found this to be very easy, and I raced through the class in a few hours, listening to the videos on 2x speed. One of the big problems I have with this course and similar ones (like the Rice Python courses) is the use of web-based coding platforms. While they're useful for real-time checking of code, students who learn to use these platforms may end up completely lost if they try to go apply their programming experience from these courses to a real-world problem. I would much prefer to see programming taught via command line or using an IDE like Spyder.

Overall, four stars. Very thorough, very slow-paced. I imagine that finishing this specialization will only get students to the novice programmer stage, but it is a good first step, and probably the most approachable programming course out there for those with no experience.
My online classes are a convenience for me. They allow me to take additional classes that would not have fit into my schedule otherwise. I am not a traditional student, so I have non-traditional needs. Internet classes allow me to remain at home with my family. Taking Internet classes has many advantages for a non-traditional, and traditional student, such as: saving money, saving time, and most of all the convenience. Internet classes are the answer for many students with non-traditional needs. However, the only downfall to my Internet class was a computer virus, which was disastrous. I lost everything on my computer, but as for the important files I had backup on floppies. I was lucky, my sister-in-law came within a few days and fixed my computer, so I did not get too far behind. This situation should be considered when taking an Internet class.    In my experience with Internet classes, the good far outweigh the bad. Taking Internet classes has saved me money. If I were taking traditional classes,  I would be spending about twenty dollars a week in gas alone, not to mention the wear and tear on my car. The only expense that I incur with Internet classes is my server charge, which is about twenty-five dollars a month. That means by taking Internet classes I am saving over eighty dollars a month, and that does not include wear and tear on my car. I could finance a new computer with the savings from taking online classes.
This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting. This one wasn't like that by far. He was interesting and even funny at times. The only issue I have is that if you are auditing the class, it isn't as nice an experience. You can't submit quizzes to see if you got them right and all your coding problems are marked wrong. You can still do the coding and the website will error check and all, but you won't get the pass/fail grade to be sure you got it right. The videos covers what's in the book, but in an easy to understand way, so when you read the chapter associated with it, you can follow along without it being too dry or laborious. Then you are ready for the quiz and coding problem(s), and then a little wrap up material before moving on to the next lesson. I'm glad we are allowed to work ahead. I'm moving on to the second course in the specialization, which picks up where this one left off. If you want to learn Python or just "a" programming language to get a start or just dabble in programming, this is a great place to start!
I like this program mucho!  Yes, you can learn Python from a book or from an automated, text-based course.  But the videos by Dr. Chuck give the course the human touch and a real-world college feel.  With a human in the loop,  slight and useful nuances of coding and perspective on coding come through subtly and informally, beyond what text alone can provide. -- My only hangup was with the Autograder, the automated checker of submitted programs.  For the final program I delivered output as required.  My code was syntactically and semantically correct.  However I had to rewrite my code several times to fit the hidden requirements of the tool.  That was frustrating.  To resolve the problem I went to the Forum and received prompt feedback on my efforts.  Again, the human support aspect of Coursera distinguishes it from other tools.  On the way to resolution, I did get feedback on alternate and cleaner ways to code.  Thanks very much to those that monitored and respond to the forum.  -- I am VERY HAPPY with my experience with Coursera and this course.  I am very excited:  I feel empowered and confident that I can achieve my goals of not only acquiring a good, basic foundation of programming (Algorithms, Data Structures, etc.) but continue to advanced and current topics (Machine Learning, Big Data, etc.)  Thanks to all!
The Python playground is amazing, but it isn't even necessary because the instructor provides such great material for getting Python installed and running on your computer (with windows, mac, and linux instructions), even a complete beginner would be able to follow the instructions and make a functioning script in no time. But the playground is just a lot of fun to play with, and makes tinkering as a beginner super easy.I spent one whole day and finished the entire Getting Started with Python course (auditing, quizzes), and learned more than I learned in the first 4 weeks of a 6 week paid course. Dr. Chuck is GOOD at what he does. He presents material in a very down-to-earth manner in clear, plain language that's technical, but not over my head. I have very little experience with programming, and know the basics of computers and computing, but even the introduction to hardware architecture was fascinating and I learned more about hardware than I expected. I felt a lot more prepared to dive into programming after that lecture.The amazing thing is that so much is crammed into such short lectures, and yet the material is still accessible.
This is a review of the first og five parts in the Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python. It deserves 5 stars. The video tutorials are great and informative and the course also includes PowerPoint slides used in the lectures, the complete book which can be downloaded, quizzes and assignments, an autograder for the assignments and a playground where you can try out your Python skills and examples covered in the lectures. And, even though I haven't used it, a discussion group categorized in weeks (for the different topics covered), where both students and staff are very active. There really isn't a negative side, but if I where to mention something, it would be that I am guessing the PowerPoint slides originally where used for Python 2.7, because some of them have not been updated all the way, to Python 3. And, even though some of the quiz questions are very simple, some harder questions should be available, to make us prepare more. And of course, a few more assignments per week would help boost our confidence, even though I know we could do that on our own. Great course and great teacher.
First off, let me say that this course is excellent. I've been interested in learning to program for a few months now. I tried things like Codecademy and Code School -- and while I learned a little bit from each of them, Python for Everybody was the key to my success of finally grasping the language.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. Dr. Chuck is awesome! His lessons are light-hearted, thorough, and truly make programming fun. He is the type of professor who is doing this for the love of Python and that really stands out.

2. This course encourages you to work in your own environment. While being able to learn to code in a browser is fun and interesting...using your own machine and your own terminal to execute Python is essential. Plus, you feel like a real programmer! Which really is cool when you're just starting out. It gives you the motivation to keep going. It did for me anyway.

If you're on the fence about this course, take it from another developer-in-training. Dr. Chuck's Python for Everybody is one of the best classes I've ever taken. You'll be glad you did.
I learned more in this course than the introductory course I paid for through a private company. The assignments are practical and helpful, and most of all: Dr. Chuck is truly amazing. He presents technical information in a clear way using plain language, and makes it easy to pick up the Python lingo (and programming lingo in general). He is a clear speaker who doesn't talk too fast, and his teaching slides are helpful and easy to follow. The interactive transcripts and closed captioning are high quality and extremely helpful. This class was so great that I decided to sign up (pay) for the full specialization program.I whizzed through all the course materials in a day, but I had a (very) little bit of introductory experience before coming to this course. I believe someone without any programming experience whatsoever could comfortably complete this course well within the suggested time frame.Honestly I can't believe it doesn't cost anything to take (audit) a course of this caliber. If you're considering taking this class, I don't think you'll regret it.
Dr Chuck is amazing! He can make you understand all you need to know without any previous knowledge. All the open-sourced material is very helpful too and the exercises are spot-on, perfect for revision and for testing your knowledge. I read several comments from people who were already familiar with programming, saying that for them this course is pretty basic. I would like to share my understanding of the matter, having finished the first part of the specialisation. This course is an introduction to programming, for EVERYONE. This means that it has to build up from scratch assuming that the student has no idea even what is inside a computer! And it achieves it perfectly. So, I recommend this course for everyone that want's to get started on Python; don't be intimidated, you can learn how to do this because this is an excellent step-by-step approach. You will learn same as you learned how to speak English. And I also recommend it for everyone who knows how to program already and would like to touch-base and put things back into context.
This introductory course in Python was great, overall I found the instructor (Charles Severance) to be an excellent Lecturer. He has a wealth of experience and a great personality which helped motivate me a lot. If I think back throughout the 7 weeks, knowing what I had ahead of me from one week to the next, it sometimes felt daunting not knowing what might be expected of me in the next class or section of the course.  Then..before you know it..Charles is back and at a click of a button..explaining everything you need to know with excellent examples of code (what to do, what not do do etc) and reference to additional resources to dip in and out of, to help bolster my understanding, push me out of my comfort zone and complete the assignments.This really is one of the best software engineering classes I could find.  Charles is an excellent lecturer, mentor and coach and really knows how to help get you started and most of all, get you through it! I seriously can't wait to start my next Coursera course "Python Data Structures" - Enjoy!
Charles Severance is a truly magician.All my life I evaded programming, always had negative experience throughout the entire School and University, achieved only C's and hated it.But Charles took it all and put upside down — programming is Fun! The course is ideally clear and so well structured and balanced, so it is not an iota worse than your favourite TV show! Albeit with one little, but a very crucial difference — you learn REALLY USEFUL THINGS.And anyone can learn it, for sure. The course requires no special talent or knowledge, it just gives you them both, if you honestly complete all tasks with full dedication. It inspires you to create and program. It's absolutely true that in the middle of the XXI century there will be two types of people — algorithm makers and algorithm executes. So if you want to have an impact in your future life, ENROLL! P.S. But the real fruits await you after the completion of the course.Dr Nikolay Kondratyev  (a 10 year-experienced chemist, who decided to learn to program)
by Md. completed this course, spending 1 hours a week on it and found the course difficulty to be easy.
I loved this course.With so many glowing reviews, I don't think mine matters, but here it is anyway: This course is amazing.

This course is so amazing that a) I realized I threw away way too much money on a different "introduction to python" course that had live instructors and one-on-one access to mentors because this class was free and far more beneficial; and b) when I'm done writing this review, I'm going to sign up for the whole Coursera Python for Everybody specialization.

The amazing thing is that so much is crammed into such short lectures, and yet the material is still accessible.

Speaking of accessibility: the lectures have captions AND interactive transcripts. The audio is crisp and clear, as is the video-- without background noise or distractions. The dedication to accessibility has blown me away and is another big reason I plan to support Coursera by paying for the specialization path.
This was my first online course ever. New to the world of online courses, I immediately fell in love with it within the first 2-3 weeks (which I completed within a day) of the course. I am really starting to see the potential of online learning and how this particular course makes it so easy for students from any background whatsoever to get starter with Python programming. I myself being a student of computer science and having learnt C++ found it very lucrative to speed through some of the portions of the course (the playback speed feature is really handy) and at the end of each week I could reinforce my learning through the assignments and reviews. Also liked the concept of Peer Graded Assignments and how it boosts the peer learning process in some ways. The video lectures by Dr. Charles Severance are really good and on-point, guiding the student across various circumstances of a particular topic. Will continue with the specialisation courses offered by University of Michigan on PY4E. 10/10.
I started this course having zero knowledge about python software. I had learnt c++ in my school days so i started to grasp the concepts quickly without much difficulty. I am really happy that this online course has proper assignments and quizzes to test our knowledge instead of just having to learn the concepts. A huge thanks to Prof. Charles Severance for making this course seem easy to learn. His way of teaching is very unique and i feel lucky to have got him as the instructor in an online learning platform. Anybody without a prior knowledge about programming can learn this course by taking their time. This course has been planned correctly and adequately instead of rushing with loads of concepts. In a way this course provides time for the individuals to learn, practice, and correct their mistakes while programming. In case of any difficulties, there are forums where we can discuss about the problems and get a solution. I eagerly look forward for my upcoming courses on this specialization.
Programmers using complex lingo in your life making you feel lost when they explain something to you?This is the course for you! Other resources you tried on how to program are too complicated, and sound like an alien is speaking to you? This is the course for you! Why? Everything is explained so "Everybody" (anybody!) can learn! Plus, everything is communicated slowly, and compared to things in everyday life (of that of the "99%" of the population) so that "Everybody" can understand. Note: Great for LEARNING the basics. Not for PRACTICING. I used this course alongside "Learning Python the Hard Way" since that is an exercise only focused book, and this course is strong in terms of it's ability to communicate complicated concepts.Also, if you are someone in the tech industry who thinks his explanations are too "dumbed down", take this as a chance to learn and improve your own communication skills by watching someone who is able to communicate "complex ideas" so that "Everybody" can understand.
The perfect course for beginners.If you, like me, have been over thinking about giving programming a try for a few years now and been too afraid, this is the course for you.From any reason that you might be interested in programming, or from any previous knowledge or experience prof. Charles Severance is a marvelous teacher! I felt as he really understood where am I coming from as a non-technical student that never touched a piece of code before. And that shouldn't be forgotten! The course progress is nice and in a good paste (some might say even too slow) giving you the time to deal with this new world as it's not letting you feel that you are too slow to learn. I know that I acquired the most basic understanding of Python. Which was exactly what I wanted! With that knowledge, I believe I have the infrastructure to keep learning independently or at list was encouraged to deal with my fears. Now, I feel much more confident and sure I will continue to learn. Thank you so much!
This is the best course for the beginners especially for those who do not have any idea about coding. It is user-friendly and it won't take much time for anyone of you to complete this course. The instructor for this course is absolutely phenomenal his teaching is spectacular you will get easily involved with him throughout the course, he often cracks nice jokes hahaha, so he has a nice sense of humor to lower down the pressure build-up (only if it happens), well he will just keep u on track throughout the course while u often try to loose while watching the examples he shows during the video sessions, so that's great, keeps u motivated. So, in the last I say have FUN guys u will enjoy it absolutely no doubt at all, its a full wonderful treat, for more things why not try it out yourself only if u feel that yeah this language will come handy for me in the future. So have fun and stay blessed. Thank u and I pray that u and your family have a very good life.
Encouraging.  This is a course you are not likely to drop out of.   The order of info being given, and the explanations are very easy and relatable.  The foundational knowledge and skills this course passes on is solid,  essential, and prepares for future learning very well.  No computer background required for this at all.   I also commend the Dr. , for his ability to simplify the concepts without teaching anything which is untrue.  You won't need to unlearn anything you learn here as you continue to advance.  It's all good stuff, and I appreciated a little bit of the trivia.   I can tell this is an old course given some of the bonus videos of historical nature were recorded a few years ago.... but I'm doing it in 2018, but it's still relevant.  I appreciate that I do not need to wait for a session to start, and there are plenty of peers still doing this course.  You can do this at your own pace, and won't need to wait long at all for any peer review.
I already had some knowledge about Python, but I really enjoyed this course for the following reasons: (1) The instructor talks in a calm and clear way and with just the right speed; (2) The instructor not only talks about the concepts, he demonstrates them either using slides or physical objects (the demonstrations with slides are really good, in the sense that the slides contain only important concepts, the diagrams/flow charts are well thought through and they indeed help to clarify/visualize the concepts); (3) The instructor explains all the keywords he uses (keywords that are considered in more detail in later chapters are explained briefly, so that the codes presented make sense); further his explanations are concise without suffering the clarity of the explanation(4) The exercises are well suited to the content of each chapter (i. e. they do not contain any concepts which were not covered within the chapter or in previous one);
Excellent course for those, like myself, who have no experience with computer science or programming. This course will give you a great introduction to Python as well as the skills necessary to take other courses. The pace of the course is just right so you will be challenged and motivated until the end. Furthermore,  you will receive a lot of support from the Professor as well as the community so whenever you get stuck, there will be a lot of people helping you understand the problem your are having. The Professor, Dr. Chuck, is extremely engaged, motivating and passionate about enabling people around the world to learn programming skills. He participates in the course and forums, making the long distance learning more personal and exciting. I strongly recommend this course for beginners - if you are afraid of starting a programming course because you do not know whether you will be able to learn, go ahead, enrol and have fun!
This is a great introduction to Python. Everything is taken step by step and the Python-specific topics are very clearly explained. I found that valuable. However, I would say that this course is not really for everybody, but for those with absolutely no experience in coding in any other language. Prof. Severance takes a lot of time to explain fundamental concepts which are virtually the same regardless of the language one is using. I studied C++ during my highschool years, more than 12 years ago. Moreover, I have used Matlab quite extensively as well as a bit of VBA during my BSc and MSc (more than 7 years ago) and a little bit of both during my work years. In that respect, the time Prof. Severance takes to explain the mechanics of the algorithms was a bit of a waste. Maybe the book would be the better option for those who can move through the material faster.Overall: very clear, very well structured, a bit too slow.
It's a great introduction to programming and Python 2 specifically. The way Dr. Chuck explains every step proving it's all doable is very encouraging for those of us who may think that programming is far beyond their competences. It's also a very good course for those who either had learned some Python elsewhere, or know other programming language as it organizes everything in a comprehensive manner so it all does make a lot of sense :) Dr. Chuck provides a free book "Python for Informatics" which is a very good reference of the key Python things with real case scenarios targeted at exploring information that anyone of us an use rather than sorting and other algorithms which are more suitable for computer science students. This course covers chapters 1-5 of this book so it's more of getting started with Python while the following courses continue with the next chapters when things are getting very exciting.
I had started this course because I had no knowledge regarding Python, even though I had knowledge of other languages like C, C++, Java, C# & Swift. Coming from someone who has had a decent amount of programming knowledge, I must say that Dr. Chuck is one of the best instructors I've come across and his courses are well paced, informative & not overwhelming. The quizzes & the assignments in his courses are both doable by anyone who is just starting out and through his style of teaching I must say that anyone, literally anyone with no knowledge of programming or computer science can get into this field.In conclusion, if you are someone looking for a Python course which is simple yet dives into the depths without the fear of overwhelming you with lots of lessons, I suggest you take this course, and you will find yourself gaining more knowledge at a much rapid rate through Dr. Chuck than any other instructor.
I'd been intimidated by python for awhile, despite having experience in other programming languages.  This was a really good introduction for a beginner and made digesting the blocks incredibly easy.  Another great benefit of the course is the extensive media through which you can access the information for the course.  Video, the textbook and even podcasts (which I have listened to on bike rides); Dr. Severance clearly wants to make the information as accessible as possible. Additionally, Dr. Severance is incredibly personable and funny.  I would love to have him as a professor.  My one complaint with the course would be that it moves really slow if you already have any coding experience.  To give you an idea, I have a background in R and got through this course in 2 days.  Either way, I'm on to the next course in the series and will continue on with the rest of them.  Thank you, Dr. Severance!
This is the first online course in which I've enrolled.  Before stepping my feet into COURSEA's  course (Programming for Everybody) I tried my level best to learn Python but never went beyond "if/elif/else" but after taking this course though I'm in the middle of it but I can proudly say that I've crossed my previous milestone & a new horizon has rose in front of me. InshAllah I will go beyond that horizon. I am a bachelor's degree (Bachelor of Studies in English Language (HONS)) holder but this is the best thing that ever happened to me in my whole 16 years of education career.Thanks COURSERA for providing such a marvelous opportunity and courses along with perfectly modified course outlines and study related content to students who previously never got exposed to what they want to learn on COURSERA. This is such a wonderful platform for every beginner. 

Thanks COURSERA, I owe you.
It was my first programming experience in my life!! I would like to honestly mention here that I had some doubts and insecurities about overall difficulty level and few other things of the " Learning Programming Languages" and whether I would be able to do it successfully or not sort of things. But I m very glad to state that this course really helped me a lot to get over this fear and to obtain an excellent grade. It guided me even how one should think while learning a programming language. Dr. Severance was more than helpful and kind to guide us during this whole learning process. I believe he has successfully understood the mindset of newbies and is encouraging. Overall, I feel very positive and I am going join next Course as well. Thank you Coursera for all the facilities and thank you very very much Dr. Charles Severance for conducting this great course. Good luck!!  Mukta
I am a Junior pursuing a computer science degree at another university, but I figured I wouldn't be doing much Python in my degree and I wanted to use my skills to pursue a personal interest in data science. I found this first course to be a fantastic introduction to Python and a solid overview of Python specific syntax and 'quirks' (such as the emphasis on indentation), which is primarily the knowledge I was lacking as opposed to general programming concepts, which I was very familiar with. I can imagine that this course is extremely valuable for beginners, because the professor does a wonderful job of explaining some rather abstract programming concepts in an accessible, structured, and clear way. I also think he hints how certain practices are good coding habits and help with clarity and conciseness of code, which I also think is extremely useful for beginners.
This course is a steppingstone of my interest in a programming language. Personally, I am not a fan of any programming languages. However, after browsing through many reviews, I thought to give it a try. Guess what! I was not disappointed. The course material is well organized, and I felt the instructor of this course is very knowledgeable.
He has an immense idea about the struggle a student may face while learning
this course. He literally making this course accessible for everyone.
Generally, other online courses, instructors expect a student to have a prior
background on the topics they are going to teach, which is not always the case.
Sometimes, the course materials are difficult to understand as well. This course can be a perfect example for other online courses on how to present
effectively a relatively difficult topic to the beginner students. Great job!
I really enjoyed the course and found programming very exciting. The particularly exciting part was when I was able to apply what I learned, for example, I played around making programs to execute some physics formulas when some unknowns are inputted (I wish I had this knowledge last year my physics lab reports demanding the same calculations to be made repetitively would be considerably less time consuming). It was relatively easy to complete the course not only because it's a beginner's course but also because it is thoroughly explained making it easy to follow so I didn't have moments when I was stuck in trying to understand something. Also, the python playground tasks were very helpful and I wish there were more of those. Since those tasks forced me to truly engage with python and learn how to use it. Regardless, I think the course deserves 5 stars.
This is something really great and I appreciate all the efforts of the creators of that course, especially Dr. Charles Severance, who has an amazing ability of imparting his knowledge in a very colourful and enjoyable way, while fully substantively and clearly.This is my first ever on-line course, and if the remaining parts are conducted in similar way, I am more than impatient to start it immediately. It is a pity, it is 3:54 AM... :)And one more thing - this course as well as the book is indeed for the very beginners however with some ability of logical thinking (if you are not such a very beginner it will take just couple of days to finish it, as it was in my case).So listen carefully what Dr. Chuck is saying, read the book, take look at the slides, and other available stuff and don't hesitate to start and don't give up if something goes wrong.
Awesome Class! I'm currently studying mechanical engineering but I want to work in more of a mechatronics position when I graduate so I decided to take this course as an introduction to programming. I am completely new to this area of study (before this course, the most "programming" I've done is in excel). As a novice, I like how easy the course was to follow. Other courses I have taken were too overwhelming - too much information was thrown at us at once. This course assumes you have no working knowledge of the subject and appropriately exposes you to the basics. I also loved the book; it was such an easy read. Sometimes not enough information was given in the chapter so you will need to look up supplemental material but all this is provided with the course. Dr. Chuck keeps the classes fun and interesting. You can tell he loves what he does.
I'm a complete beginner at Python, (32 year old medical doctor) and I had lots of recommendations about how to learn and what courses.  It is really hard to decide.  I did take advantage of a free week of Dataquest but I have come back to Coursera and am now paying for the course.  Some other platforms might look shiny but they build too quickly, if you are completely new at programming it really needs to be this simple because it's a hard skill to learn, and I also think the order of the lessons makes the most sense.  Having the videos and the book is really helpful.  I'm not planning on a career change, this is just for fun (although I also do medical research so I hope I will use it for that), so we'll see how far I get but I really hope "Dr Chuck" is proud of creating this.  I'll be recommending it as the Python beginner course of choice.
It is a very nice course, easy to understand the basics and the logic of programming as well. I really liked the way the course is structured, it is easy for even those who are new to programming.The course material is good and so are the lectures. I am postdoc in Cancer biology and I deal with a lot of Next gen. sequencing data. We collaborate with a group of Bioinformaticians but, it often takes ages to get the data analyzed. Another problem is that most of them are programmers or biostatisticians who do not understand the biology. So, I was looking for a course which will help me learn Python (the programming language used for Bio-data analysis) where being a biologist will give me an advantage and also save time.This course was just perfect. Thank you Team Py4e and especially to Prof. SeverenceBest regardsDr. Lahiri Kanth Nanduri
y4e is a great introductory level course and you will learn Python programming from scratch. This course not only opened the gate of Python programming for me but also enhanced my understanding of programming in general. I love the virtual face-to-face way that Coursera presents the course. The classroom-style learning environment they created, even if it is virtual, helps you concentrate better on the lecture and materials and be more efficient along the way of your learning. I really enjoy the way Dr. Chuck conveys the course content to the audiences. Dr. Chuck truly knows how to teach - he utilizes some unique teaching techniques and skills to make everything in the course content impressively easy to understand. This is a great course for beginners. I would recommend it to all my friends who are eager to learn Python.
I really liked this course by prof. Charles Severence. He is really good at teaching. He uses humour to teach ya which is a good thing because u can study for hours without getting bored. The course needs a little introduction to any other programming language like C++ or C  to learn this because what u gonna learn is new language which not many people know, it is new and quite complex than other languages(I mean programming languages XD). So, u need a base in which u r good enough to relate python to and understand the difference and complexity of python. In all, this is a very good course which u can take to become a pro in python. ADVICE:: Take python for everybody course only if u r a newbie to programming but in any case, if think that u know basics of any other programming language take the specialization one. TNX
I have been self teaching myself programming for many years. But I have never really specialized in anything. It's always been a little knowledge here and there for various languages. The problem was that after time I would forget some important syntax for each of those languages. So I decided that I wanted to, for lack of a better word, "master" a language, and I decided on Python.

This course did very well at going over the basics, I thought I would blow through this first course and learn nothing since I have been programming for years, but it was wrong. Although I did blow through the course in a couple of days. The instructor 
Charles Severance's way of explaining things has made me view the code differently, and has helped me write more efficiently as a result. I can't wait to get into the more advanced classes.
Excellent introduction to Python for me--someone with limited prior coding experience, but strong Excel and math backgrounds.  I enjoyed the core and optional lectures and found them to provide excellent instruction on using Python.  I would have liked more assignments which would help to reinforce the instruction and get the syntax locked in.  I will probably try to find separate sources for getting the additional practice I need to achieve these objectives.  As a side note, one-third of my total course time was spent trying to figure out how to get atom to recognize Python.  Evidently, it is a path issue which can be solved with defining a path with some code I don't understand or by checking a path box when you load Python.  I figured out the latter and reloaded Python, but it was a lot of time spent on this issue.
Hello Professor!Just wanted you to know that this course have helped me gain more confident as I am drop-out student who still struggles to compete with peers who has higher degree. Although I am blessed to obtain trust from the management to head a team in a multinational company, my insecurity sometimes does comes out and I still always feel people doubt my knowledge. I have been wanting to learn to code for a very long time, but I always too scared to get started as a lot of programmers seems super smart and I thought I will never be like them.  The way you introduce the course and all materials are entertaining & easy to digest/understand. Your lesson destroyed my belief that programming is scary. I will continue this lesson as a challenge for myself and to prove myself that I can also program. Thank you again!
Great course to learn the basics of Python. Even though I had studied C and C++ earlier this was my first computer course as such. It gives you a good flavor of the way one should learn programming. Dr. Chuck's lectures are exceptionally interesting. I would however like to suggest that some non-graded worksheets could be provided in the duration of the course so that discussions may also take place in the forum. But the textbook provided has sufficient exercises and practice questions but arent discussed in the forums. Overall a very informative and interesting course and will definitely teach you enough to carry forward the knowledge to grasp higher and more complex concepts of programming especially with the help of the textbook that is provided with the course. Thank you so much Professor. Im deeply grateful.
I have programming background due to my BS in Digital Systems/Robotics, and this it is the most comprehensive introduction I've had to a programming language. Most of my courses, and teachers thought we had previous knowledge, even if it was an introductory course. That's why I recognize this course as the most basic way to enter a programming language, and anyone can grasp the concepts in this first course. On the other hand, persons with previous knowledge like me, but with no knowledge of python is a good way to remember the simple things when you started. Also it helps you to slowly get to know the syntax, and you may finish the activities in record time due to you logical thinking of previous knowledge. Finally, gives you an idea on how to help introduce people with no previous knowledge to programming.
Hello, I am glad that I am getting this course from one of the (Best) Author of Python Book. I am really happy with the contents & teaching style that made me so confident about coding in Python. Contents are helpful, discussion forum clarifies  many doubts & the deep understanding of each module in this course make it a perfect choice for anyone to who even does not know 'A' of Python's Alphabet or of any coding language can start & learn to code. Good initiative by Author & Mentor. Please provide many such courses in near future so that we can learn best from Top University which is anyway not possible for students like us with financial problems! We learn many things from home & from Greatest University like in this case University of Michigan! Thanks for all work for making this course available online.
It is a wonderful experience to have these kinds of lectures.  Dr. Charles way of presentation of the content draws attention of all types of students according to me. It gives the student the idea of how a programming languages is taught in addition to learning the programming itself. As a teacher in the university level I am very thankful to Dr.  Charles Severance, Coursera and University of Michigan for giving such an opportunity to learn how to teach Python rather than learning it.The quizzes and assignments during the course are little bit challenging. Short videos make sure students attention. Students get opportunities for creating their own codes during assignments. I appreciate Dr Charles and his team for these. I enjoyed it through out.And one more thing, the 'try/except' is new to me. Thank you.
I am just finishing the second part of the Python for everybody specialization "Data Structures", I have found this course very interesting, since the first part (getting started with python) I found this familiar with R language because it can be run line by line and it does not require a compiler, additionally I tried to develop a program to do some tasks for me (and more efficiently) while learning python and the helps me move forward. Let me be clear, this course is not difficult, Dr. Chuck has a good way to teach this course, I am doing other in parallel that I have found I little boring but still interested as well, I have a tight schedule and that is why I need from time to time a motive (find usefulness of or practice what I have learned) to keep me moving forward with this courses. give it a try!
I just wrote something about the course allowing the student to access a few various coding exercises (that act, look and feel like the real practice graded exercise) that could appear before each of the chapter graded test exercises. I know that it would require more content, but it would loosen the student up just to have some super simple practice exercises for each chapter that aren't graded so the student could  just to get used to typing variances of code (mostly all the nuances of syntax) and allow them to repeat the same code layout in a non-judgmental way just to see if other variances of similar code could produce a very similar outcome. I don't know if this makes sense... I guess in a nut shell, just letting the student goof off more and try coding the chapter exercises in different ways??? :)
Full disclosure, I blew through this in a couple of hours so this is not the perspective of a true beginner. However, that being said I think it's a great introductory course for someone who is a beginning programmer. The instructor puts programming terms and ideas in very relatable and visual language, which is extremely helpful. It's very easy to get abstract and esoteric with programming concepts, so the fact that he keeps it grounded is great. I'll also say that the instructor has a laid back and friendly style that makes the subject seem less intimidating. He's funny and occasionally goofy and I think technical subjects need that kind of approach when they're geared towards beginners. I'm going to continue this course series to shore up my fundamentals and I'm very excited to see how it evolves.
The professor provides detailed and clear
instruction of the basics of Python and clarifies our notion of some concepts
where most beginners might make a mistake based on his ample teaching
experience. It lowers the entry barrier for students like me who studies in
business school.    Although I have been taken a Python course at school,  some vague understanding then has been
fortified through this online course. For instance, how to define a function
with parameters, the meaning of parameters and the relationship between
arguments and parameters, were the concepts that confused me in function
building. Furthermore, loop control was another difficulty for me to get
through. All the topics mentioned above is clarified now, so if you get some
related problems, this course will bring you a lot.
This course is very helpful. I have enjoyed this whole journey of learning. I would like to thank Foundation For Excellence and Coursera for giving me this much needed opportunity. I also thank University of Michigan for it's outstanding course material, lectures and videos. I also appreciate teaching methods of my guide, Charles Severance. He truly put all the herculean efforts  in creating 'Python for Everybody'. Thank you so much all of you. You all helped me a lot to build my career in a proper way. I just want to request you that it will be very kind of you if you can allow us to access this material whenever we want, even after the completion of the whole course as it will help us to revise all the matter just before the placement session beginning. This is my only request to you.
I'm a complete beginner (my IT experience limited to Word and web browsing) and was apprehensive about learning any code. But thanks to Severance's clear explanations I feel like I've learned so much, I've a long way to go but and I'm really hungry to learn more and want to keep going.  I completed the course in 3 weeks (about 30 hours) but I think I'd better go back and try some assignments again to really get my head round them. The forums could be better organised and utilized but I couldn't have completed the course without them. I recommend everyone to follow Severance's advise and use a text editor like Atom and run your assignments in Command Prompt (this is clearly explained at the start and in worked assignments). It seemed a bit of hassle at the start but was well worth it.
I have completed the course and I found it great. I do think it is a bit slow if you have programming experience in other languages. The instructor Charles Severance explains the important concepts with emphasis and that helps build in ones brain a highlight of things to do or not do. Also the bonus videos are great to either get a backstory on python or the tech world in general. Overall this is a great course.Just for fun: If anyone from the construction of this class is reviewing this comment - I do think the macarena example has not 3 but 4 mistakes. 3 syntactical mistake but 1 mistake is in the steps itself where the left hand is on the right shoulder then the right hand is on the left shoulder. The next step where the left hand goes to the back of the head cannot be performed.
Dr. Chuck is da man!  Awesome class.  Dr. Chuck touched upon all the nuances of basic Python that most students are too embarrassed to ask about but which are nevertheless mission-critical to effective programming.  This capacity to address unspoken concerns both in presentations and assignments is one of the secrets of a good MOOC professor since students can't ask questions.This class is especially useful for those students who just completed codecademy.com's Python class since it explicitly addresses several issues that weren't addressed there.  Finally, no one can rival Dr. Chuck's ability to access celebrity programmers whose presence adds an important dimension of context and helps students feel like they already belong to the international community of coders.  Job well done.
In my opinion Dr. Chuck one of the best teacher in the world for Python. Course was amazing and it is very easy to understand for everybody even if you don't have any programming background. I couldn't realize that how quick this course finish and it gives me really good starting knowledge for Python. Content of course was also great and examples are giving sufficient information every week. Quizzes are measuring in a good way to your knowledge and if you have any mistake you quickly realize that what was the wrong.  Conclusion, thank you very much Dr. Chuck you have helped me a lot! For sure I will use this Python programming language for my new carreer and I will improve myself all my entire life. I am appreciate for this opportunity and waiting for you office hours in Turkey!
This course is very basic, teaching you fundamental sequential, conditional, and looping expressions of Python. The materials are assembled and arranged very nicely. If you are curious how this course translate to the undergraduate course that can be taken in some best Universities, well this course is roughly like 1/4 of the materials that is covered in an undergraduate Python course. The whole series of five courses here on Coursera probably count towards one undergraduate course in a prestigious school such as Carnegie Mellon University. Though this course is very good, explaining the basic materials very well, this course alone cannot make you a real Python programmer. You probably need to register the whole specialization to have a entry level feel of a Python programmer
Whatever level you are at programming, you will learn something new with this course because of the amazing teaching style provided by Dr. Chuck. Takes a seemingly complex subject and makes it incredibly simple and comprehensible to everyone! LOVE LOVE LOVE this course and any course taught by Dr. Chuck.  This is part of an entire specialization.  The only thing that is really lacking is an in-depth discussion of OOP.  He briefly touches on it so that you know to go and look at it on your own time, but I wish he touched on it a little more. Nonetheless, 5/5 on this course. Thanks Dr. Chuck and supporting staff that make this course worth taking. The forum is still ACTIVE and if you run into problems a TA will be there to help you out! Critically to anyone's style of learning.
I'm used to other programming languages such as C and C+, I have been 
told that Python is one of the easiest, most understandable programming 
languages and I can confirm that is true.  At first I was a bit slow in 
this class, but as time goes, the teacher makes it easier to follow and 
makes it interesting.  The videos are not long, so I definitely found 
myself throughout the lectures. Although I was expecting more practices,
 I think with the basic I acquired, I can move on by myself. The topics 
are quite enough for beginners!!! Another thing I like about the class 
id how the teacher bring us to the programming world with his interviews
 with Guido Van Rossum, the creator of Python himself and with Massimo 
Banzi, co-founder of Arduino project. I really ENJOYED!!!
Thank you for Dr. Charles! it's the first time in my life to really finish an online course delivered in English and it's extraordinary that the way it delivers can be so simple and systematical. Homework can really inspire me to review what I've been learning. By the way, English skills get improved.I really appreciate many comforting word set at the very beginning. When you see "Syntax error", it doesn't mean you are not suitable for programming language or you are a bad guy. It simply means Python can't understand your language. on the way to learn, finding something wrong is just because Python is not smart enough, you have to find more accurate words to communicate better. That must be great help for a beginner like me. Many Thanks!  Fresh Pythonista, Shizhe Chen.
The course has very nice tools to help you check your code. Although I had a bad time installing python at first, eventually I could made it run both on windows 10 and mac os Sierra. I highly appreciate Dr. Chuck´s humor, not only is highly unusual to joke so much in a class, but needed for something as black&white as a programming class can be. I do have one HUGE advice for the course,  do the little problems in the video. Each video has several structures and ways of doing things, do them each, and squeeze them. You will need it to fully understand more complex problems. I wish the course would do a lot more short reviews, instead of a general review after each video. Continuing evaluation is critical to get more feedback and improve significantly. Best of Luck !
Dr. Chuck is the most encouraging and entertaining teacher I have ever met!!! He really makes learning about computer and programming easy and fun! And he makes a great Prof. Snape impersonation! :-)Most importantly, Dr. Chuck intentionally included many mistakes in his teaching materials. As a self-taught programmer who has struggled on one's own, I believe this is the most valuable part of the lectures. The students get to understand from the very beginning how to read error messages and tracebacks, how to debug, how not to be intimidated by mistakes and failures, and how to become a confident programmer. This should be THE teaching model for programming in any language!Thank you, Dr. Chuck! And I look forward to learning more from you in our follow-up courses!
This was my very first experience programming. I come from a social sciences & journalism background and although I've always wanted to learn a bit of coding, the idea of it always kinda scared me. But Charles Severance is an amazing teacher and the first chapters are quite intuitive. I wished that maybe teaching assistants were a bit more present, because it can be extremely discouraging to get stuck in some exercises and not receive timely support. When this happened to me I almost quit - but thankfully the learning community is quite active and other colleagues were able to support me as well. My advice is to go for it and and reach out for help if you need it!  I recommend it to all programming enthusiasts, who wished they knew anything at all about python.
This is an excellent beginner's course. The teacher Charles Severance is amazing. This was
 my first MOOC and I am glad it was this one. I had self-taught myself a
 bit of programming earlier so none of the material came as a complete 
surprise, but I am sure even beginners can follow everything very 
easily. I plan to complete the entire specialisation based on my 
experience with this course.

The only gripe I have is that because I was auditing the course I could 
not see all the assignments. I can understand not getting graded or 
provided a certificate if I am not paying for it, but at least I 
should be able to see the assignments and solve it on my own. Right now I can only see the quizzes but not the programming 
assignments.

Highly recommended course!
Wonderful coursera course by Prof Charles Severance (a.k.a. Dr Chuck). He speaks clearly, explains well, draws well, and is very witty too ! ( Wearing a soft-felt floppy hat to emphasis quirky Python syntax). Altogether Dr Chuck is a very engaging and instructor who makes learning fun. His assignments are also well-designed, especially those in the Auto-Grader (full of trick questions which I had to keep trying before I hit on the right answers when I saw through the "tricks" which made me chuckle) I am very happy that Dr Chuck is my instructor for my first coursera course which rekindles my joy in learning.  I will continue learning programme online, because my first online programming course is very well-taught by Dr Chuck.  Thank you very much, Dr Chuck !
Great for beginners. I had no experience with programming at all before I started this course. The lector is amazing. Make it understandable even for non-native speakers.The graded assignment are sometimes big challenge. I spent sometimes 2 hours to get them done (I made stupid mistakes in the code). The Teacher would have it done in 5 minutes for sure. What I like is they push you to thing by yourself and solve all the problems by yourself ( you can use of course the video lecture ). I hate it on the beginning, that there is no tutorial (step by step) for every assignment. But in the end I'm really grateful for this and kind of proud on me. It gave me motivation and enthusiasm to next classes.Thank you University of Michigan and Coursera for this Course.
I am totally fulfilled by learning the course of Python, programming for everybody. It brings me a brand new world and aids me to concentrate myself on the basic programming knowledge. The programming skills that I learned from this course ,  the relevant reading materials and bonus videos are quite intriguing and these are an efficient way to link individuals with the outside world. Moreover, the study atmospheres and the teaching settings are pretty scientific and rigid which can help to promote my efficiency on getting started with Python. I would like to express my gratitude for Doctor Charles, for his dedication, we the students of Coursera can get in touch with the first-hand or the latest information on Python. Much appreciated, thanks a lot. : )
A really good place to start learning about programming. Simple, precise and easy to implement. I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn programming / python (w/o any background in programming) or someone who wants to start learning more about how we can use programming languages like Python as an effective and efficient tool for data analysis. If you are looking for motivation to commit to learning more about programming , data analysis / to understand importance of being competent in programming and dabbling in tech related studies - just watch (especially the last few minutes of) the Bonus videos in Week 5 Interview wirh Massimo Banzi: The Arduino and Week 2 Interview with Eben Upton: The RaspBerry Pi. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck and team!
Finally made programming "click" for me after trying several courses. I feel very, very enthusiastic about this course. I would recommend this to anyone who is computer literate enough to be studying online in the first place. Dr. Charles Severance is an expert in the subject (as far as my newbie self can tell) and he is clearly, beyond the shadow of a doubt, an expert in the delivery of this sort of complex material in a way that beginners can understand. He is also charismatic enough to be pleasant to watch, which matters since most of the course are videos of him talking. Besides being easy to understand, the material becomes useful and real-world applicable marvelously quickly. This is really a phenomenal course. I highly, highly recommend it.
I liked the course.I did it very fast as I do have a programming background.I liked the lecturer and the way of how the lectures material was provided. However, the course could have been improved if some extra materials like code listings or some stuff like "python reserved words" chart were saved and available along with the video materials.You can find all of these in internet or while reviewing the video materials for sure, however once you have to recall smth from the course very fast - you have to either go through video or go through google. It is not a problem, it is just some kind of UX flaws as of me.In general, I liked the course and I would highly recommend it for anyone who wants to feel the taste of programming in Python. Thanks!
Well, I wanted to learn python though I am from electrical engineering. Though I am not from computer science background, it was quite easy to learn python by this course. I liked most about the course that the design of the course. Because of this, any non-computer science backgrounded people can learn python effectively and easily. The Instructor was good enough to make me learn things interestingly. The way he explains python is effective to catch things to my brain. I loved to do the assignments, I loved solving these programming problems. Doing these assignments actually helped me to learn the lecture provided & implement the knowledge of python. This was my first course taken online and I am pretty much happy about Coursera's courses.
People use Python for many purposes: to make games, build web services, 
to solve business problems, to work with sensors, drivers and robots. 
Python is also used heavily in scientific fields for academic research 
and applied work. 


Python is an incredibly efficient language: your programs will do more 
in fewer lines of code than many other languages would require. 


Py4inf and Python explained by C. Servance, is a great developing
 of the foundations in programming (first two courses) that will serve 
you well for the rest of your life, as well as a course that will give 
you a sort of try to understanding of what great things python can do 
for you.I strongly recommend this course for anybody, who wants to start with informatics.
The course "Python for Everybody" is a wonderful
course and provides sufficient knowledge about the  Python Language. It helps the learner to know
the basics of Python including Variable, data-types, expressions, operators,
loops, conditional statements, functions etc. Also the explanation given by the
professor Chuck is very easy and understandable. He used very good examples to
get you into the flow with the programming. The quiz and the assignments are also
very helpful to check our understanding and revise the things learnt so far
during the course work. And the best thing about the course is that a person
with no prior experience in programming can understand the whole course very
comfortably. Really enjoyed learning this course.
I really enjoyed this course. The material was well organised and the video lectures interesting and engaging. The course is an introduction to Python and as such it is suitable for beginners, even those with limited previous programming experience such as myself. Dr Severance is very good at explaining the contents and illustrating the theory with simple and clear examples. Something that I liked as well is the free eBook made available by Dr. Severance that covers pretty much the contents of the entire specialization. I also enjoyed additional videos made available containing interviews with famous IT professionals such as Pooja Sankar, Massimo Banzi (the inventor of Arduino) and especially Guido van Rossum, the inventor of Python.
Prof. Charles Severance is one of the most awesome professors I've learnt from. He teaches extremely well, adds a Dr. Chuck touch to it with his impeccable sense of humor, and gets his message through to us students. (AND.. I absolutely love Snape; may Alan Rickman's soul rest in peace). I am looking forward to the next part of Programming for Everybody (with Data Structures in Python). The thing I appreciate most about this course is that it is completely open to all, from the quizzes and grading to all the course material. This way, people like me can learn happily learn such in-demand subjects & programming languages, without having to worry about paying a fee. I would like to extend a sincere thanks to you all for the same.
I have tried to take a few of the free online courses in Python and none compare to the teaching methods of this course. It moves so eloquently that anyone can learn Python through this course, even me. It does not jump to long confusing lines of code or randomly introduce functions/features not discussed. Rather, it sticks to small lines of code to get the point across until you are comfortable with it. the tools achieved in this course are valuable for anyone in any field needed to analyze and/or manipulate data.  I have recommended this course to friends and family attempting to learn. Thank you so much Dr. Severance!Note - If you are already familiar with Python this course would not be worth while; it is a beginner course.
A very solid and useful course for anyone interested in learning about programming in general. The professor is very engaging and quite easy to follow, he has an amazing way of explaining things and making everything look so interesting. The online book that accompanies the course is also very well-written, and is a welcome addition to the already informative video lectures.The only drawback I might add is that the course is very simple for experienced programmers that want to get an introduction to Python. I believe though that the next courses in the specialization will cover more advanced topics, and that sacrifice had to be made since it is after all an introductory course aimed at people with zero programming experience.
it was a great course. Mr. Chuck, knows how to teach quality material to the masses. i would only suggest that on the programming assignments, it would be best if the instructor doesn't write half of the code. one reason is that having some of the code written would make that student think that the piece of code provided must be a part of the whole code. and as i worked on the programming assignments i realized that much of the code provided wasn't needed, in fact it took me longer than necessary to solve the assignments because i kept using the code provided, and upon solving the assignment none of the code that was provided was a part of the code i wrote. ....on to the next course. Data Structure. thank you coursera and UM.
This course was a very nice introduction to programming in Python and it helped me understanding the way we should think in order to program successfully. The material provided is clear and well-organized, and the teacher is very good. Moreover, the step-by-step assignments are very useful as they make you open your mind in a gradual and confident way. When I was at university, where I attended some preliminary courses about other programming languages, it often happened that the level required in the exercises was instead too high with respect to the material provided during the lectures. Summing up, I really appreciated this first course, although I would suggest to add some other assignment to practice a little bit more.
The professor made the content easy to understand. As a beginner, this course introduces programming in a very thoughtful way. It keeps me focus on the right things so that I did not get freaked out at the beginning when the working environment looks very different from the experience of an end-user. And it step by step build up my understanding in programming elements. I signed up this course with rather strong motivation (my ultimate goal is to run statistical simulation and develop statistic packages for other users), so when I see the course introducing the elements I did not understand at all before, I can see the power behind those programming building blocks. Hence, this course really made me wanting to program more!
This course gives a great foundation for understanding how to synthesize and read basic Python code and functions. It sets you up for learning how to work with data in the following course. I am a GIS student currently in a Geocomputation class with a massive learning curve of experience with coding/compsci, GIS, web development and so forth. Going into geocomp with this foundation was a lifesaver and the only reason I can follow along in class. Charles Severance explains things in a way that even complete novices (me) can understand. The worked exercises videos were a great help when I got stuck. I've referenced these videos for my class multiple times. I find it valuable that the skills I've learned are so transferable.
Python is not my first programming language, so for me this course was mostly about learning Python syntax and semantics, getting prepared for the next courses in the same Python specialization (working with data structures, etc). I really enjoyed the course, especially the way Dr. Chuck explains the attitude you should approach programming with; it's also nice that the lectures have a bit of personal touch, not only the dry material, but also interesting interviews, videos of office hours, introduction of the university of Michigan, fun moments and other: it all makes you feel you are present in the classroom with the lecturer. Overall, very happy with my first Coursera course and can't wait to proceed to the next one!
I finished this course faster than expected with no prior knowledge about programming and I recommend it for anybody who wants to start with programming as it is very well structured with many helpful videos and step-by-step instructions on how to start programming in Python 3.0 and quickly understand the fundamentals of coding.Tip1: Buy the papercopy of the book too and read there all the extra bits as it will come really helpful later (for quick search just use the free pdf of the same book).Tip2: Write down in your text editor all the codes and try to run-test every example to faster understand how things work and don´t be afraid to ask for help as it will just speed up the learning process.Totally recommend! :)
It's a great course where as they say it's the nutshell. It's somehow a slow-paced course, but if you walk through it with your own pace it would be a great course for you. I've
got the basics of programming with python language in nearly a week as as this
course has a lot of content as it's easy to go through it especially if you've
already have another programming language like c or c++ or whatever. As the
instructor said, it's only the first baby steps or I quote "a part of two
main parts" to get to know who really a programmer is and what he can do
with coding. So, thanks for this great course I hope everyone gets the chance
to study it as it will help a lot in a programming or a computer scientist
career.
Learning the basics of programming computers using Python has been fun in the past few weeks. Though I wasn't completely new to Python and programming as such, it was an exciting experience being though the nitty-gritty details that make the knowledge stronger.Charles Russell Severance (Ph.D.) of the prestigious University of Michigan made brought it down as low as it could get in order to build a firm foundation in programming.I will recommend this course to anyone who needs to dive into programming and contemplating where to start from. The course has no pre-requisites and avoids all but the simplest mathematics. Anyone with moderate computer experience should be able to master the materials in this course.
For those who all are thinking of how and where to start learning Python, this is the right place.  This introductory course is excellent course.  I hope i need not say that a course don't become excellent on its own it need people to make it excellent and Prof. Charles and his team have indeed done an excellent job.I wish to continue learning with Prof. Charles and am looking forward for the advance my learning of Python and if possible other programming languages.This is the best time to be alive for those who want to continously learn and advance in life, thanks to platform like Coursera and the people involved in their mission to bring this vast amount to knowledge to the general public at large.Thank you
This course is a well-introduced course for all ages and professions. With the modern world expanding and discoveries made every day, its important that people understand some form of computer science or programming. The teacher, Charles Severance, stresses this point as this course is ONLY centered toward future programmers or rather as common people and professions from astronauts to bankers through a variety of puns, jokes, and fun music. Overall, this course is very helpful and impactful, as the instruction is very thorough and simple with LITTLE AMOUNTS OF TIME REQUIRED. By the end of this course, one with completely no background with programming should be sufficient in creating his or her own program.
I am very fortunate to take this course. I am really passionate about programming and I was learning programming concepts from YouTube but never found such a detailed and very basic course which really removed lots of confusions in my mind. After taking this course I got the right understanding of control flow of the Python programming language and I am sure because now I do understand the basics of programming and how they actually work at the back-end I am sure I can learn other programming languages with ease and at much faster pace. I also request Coursera community, team and the management to please let me take this complete series for free as I really want to learn but I can't afford any fee. Thanks
I started Coursera with a course in AI and Machine learning only to find out that I was in way over my head. realizing I needed some basic programming skills, I headed over to this course knowing that Python is one of the most use languages right now in programming. As a non-programmer/software engineer-type, this has been an amazing course. Dr. Chuck breaks things down for the average person so you can start understanding how things are done but also WHY they are done (which is more important in the beginning IMO). I'm now walking through the entire section (6 courses) with the end goal to make it back to that AI and Machine learning course and understand it far better. Thanks, Coursera! (and Dr Chuck!)
My favorite part was the approach taken in this course. You checked a solid issue I had faced as a beginner in programming back in the day, which was the perspective with which one must approach the syntax errors any programming language (in this case Python) throws at you. One must be positive, understand that the language is, as stated in the course, truly 'lost', and we must make the instruction a bit more clearer to retrieve the desired output. Also, the structure is very friendly for anyone from a non CSE background as well. So proud to have taken your course, there is a learning on an academic as well on a personal front. Thank you for sharing how one must approach a subject one intends to teach.
Really an exceptional course.  Instructor did a great job, and by taking good notes I managed to complete every assignment on my own, without help - which is unusual for online courses.  The automated graded system is accurate but brutally exact, so be careful when submitting because something as simple as an extra space in one of the responses is enough to trigger an error (but fortunately usually very easy to fix).  Another perk is that for people coming from a background in R, like myself, the latest version of Python - 3 - is closer to R than previous versions in terms of syntax, so it's a pretty easy transition.  For everybody else this is a great starting point.  Highly recommend this course!
This course is very useful and astonishing for people who are starting 
or want to start programming on Python. It contains basic information 
and does not require any knowledge about programming. So, classes are 
brilliant for beginners! 

Furthermore, Dr. Chuck is a significant teacher and his lectures are 
able to inspire almost anybody. Additional materials inside the course 
are interesting and give listener an opportunity to think about 
programming in general, about an essential role of programming in modern
 age of technology. 

Exercises are exciting and helpful. 

I am strongly recommending this course for everybody who wants to get started with programming or just get new useful skills.
First Time A Programming Course is This Interesting! Most of my previous tries to learn Python have hit a dead end as at some point, I lost interest. I felt that the previous courses I had taken before were talking to someone behind me. In some cases, the course was too easy. It left no room to think. Some times, the courses were too hard. As in, the instructor teach something very easy and expect you to do something 10x hard. This course was of the right pace. Dr. Charles Severance gives you all the tools you need. I felt like riding the "Python bike". I fell, yes, but knew what to do to do better next try. Thanks a lot to the course! Will definitely continue with the rest of the modules. . .
It is one of the best online courses,I have ever taken.Our instructor Dr.Charles is a spectacular person with his awesome knowledge and versatility.Sir's teaching style was soo lucid and simple. This course is one of the best basic Python course for beginners without any  basic stuff.
         I highly recommend everyone especially beginners who doesn't have a knowledge of programming and can assure them  that at the end of the course they will be ready to tackle the world of programming languages with a new confidence level. Its really a worthy course.Just give it a try and see the changes in the perspective of programming that one adopts  during the course time,which is really mind blowing.
It  is a great course for beginners, Dr. Chuck is highly enthusiastic in his approach.  The course starts from the basics, the explanation to install the software and starting with python was explained very well.  The course covers each topic we need to start with Python. The way  professor makes things interesting is really commendable. I highly encourage students to take this course who are just starting to program, this course gives a flavor of all the important topics required to start python. 
The bonus videos were also interesting. I feel that there should be more assignments. Apart from that this course was really helpful for me to start programming and motivated me to study further.
This course gives a perfect start if one is new to python. The video lectures are perfectly explained by Charles Russell Serverance and the best part of this course was the bonus associated with every chapters in which students get to know more about many great people about whom we used to study, here i got opportunity to listen to them and get many more industrial knowledge through them and the assignments and the assignment tool to execute the code was also a very perfect part of the course and moreover finantial aid is available for this course so that anyone who wants to learn get an opportunity to learn, this is a very great initiative took by Coursera it is the best part of Coursera.
This course was presented in a very interesting way, some of the basic concepts were discussed in various depth.The instructor is very good at teaching programming. With well structured assignments and quiz this course is perfect for the beginners and intermediate level leaning of Python.The bonus materials like interview with Guido, CEO of Coursera, Pizza, Arduino etc are extremely entertaining and gives an overview of the current state of technology and entrepreneurship.The course contains various examples and tips to perform different tasks using Python - which without a doubt shall be useful in the future.Overall this course is very informative, conceptual, motivating for the learners.
Great intro to python for non programmers.I have experience with programming and Python; was looking for a refresher, so I ended up finding this remedial (not surprising). Ended up breezing through the content in a weekend on 2x speed.With that said, this class is an excellent introduction to programming and python. Anyone should be able to pick Python up from this class.However, the only downside to this course in my opinion is that the programming assignments are trivial. In order to start thinking in terms of algorithms, you need to program. If you supplement this class with some programming challenges (which should be easy to find online), this will be a great way to get into Python.
It would have been better instead of watching the lectures first, then doing the exercises or assignments, we can code at the same time the lecturer is speaking. It is hard to concentrate on a talking head, when the subject matter is coding. We also need to know what are the correct answers to the quiz questions that we got wrong so as to be able to learn from it. Other than that, the course is taught in a logical way, pitched at the right level for beginner coders, and in general, enjoyable. Thank you very much to Prof. Severance and the team at the University of Michigan for creating the course. I am still torn between whether I should move on to the next lecture series in the course.
This is an excellent course to learn the very basic of programming. If you have any previous programming background and just want to learn Python syntax and grammer you will be able to go quickly through the lectures and focus on excercising the code.If you don't have previous experience, you might struggle a little bit to figure out the basics - in that case make sure you don't only watch the lectures but also read the class' book as you progress.The instructor, Prof. Severence, is absolutely brilliant! The lectures are carefully constructed to take you step by step along the way and his way of teaching really makes you feel comfortable and clears up even the more complicated subjects.
Amazing course, this course also provided video and text book, so i can learn really really fast. I though it's gonna be hard to learn, but after i red the text book and watch the video. This programming language really fast almost like Javascript, but better and the syntax is syntactic sugar. So during the course, i think the textbook and the video so coherent and clear. So as a student i really appreciated for the lesson about Python. Overall, this course really good. Especially, if you don't have any experiences on programming before, but if you already had it, you should take because it's gonna open up your mind to python and others programming languages.  5 Stars for this course
The flow of information in this course was very easily digestible and left me wanting more with each successive lesson.  The segmentation of lectures and quick turnaround from didactic to hands-on learning facilitated my continued engagement. Regarding the instructor, I really enjoyed Charles's presentation style - he didn't try to impress me with his knowledge and never went too fast through the material, but more than that - he also sprinkled in some bonus topics and code features that someone already familiar with coding and algorithmic logic would be able to pick up on. I am thoroughly looking forward to the next series of courses as I continue to build my foundation in Python.
I tried to learn Python 2 years ago. But I was naive and studied other courses at the same time. During this time I was also working night shifts. I had to quit all courses when I found a new job and they never amounted to anything. I am so happy that I now have found Coursera and this is my first course at Coursera. I have really enjoyed it and it has had a nice level for beginners and smart exercises which make the student really learn the skillsets previously explained in the chapter. 
I would also like to thank you for releasing the book in ibooks format. This was my first time trying out that format and it made the whole experience so much better and easier.
Thanks again!
I really appreciated what I have learned from Dr Charles Severance regarding the Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python). I'm also thankful that I can have a chance to broaden my knowledge from the University of Michigan for the course. I'm truly grateful that I can achieve my accomplishment by completing an online course during this time of COVID-19. Thank you very much. For those of you who have yet to take up this course, I sincerely urged you, from the bottom of my heart, do not hesitate to take up the course. If I have known this course a couple of years ago, I will definitely take up this course without any second thought. See you all in the near future.
This course (for me) was like learning to understand Shakespeare.  Though I know how to read, I had difficulty comprehending the language behind the poetry.Learning the concepts and thought-process in programming was difficult for me.  Though I have had a dozen programming teachers, and have read a dozen "Teach Yourself..." programming books, Professor Severance flipped that switch in my head to illuminate the root of those concepts and theories with regards to programming.  I am more confident now than I have ever been.  Thank you for this course, and thank you for making it and the materials open so that I may share it with others who are interested in learning to program.
Very good course for anyone  who has struggled to understand how to program, especially in a self-directed/self-motivated way. This course taught by Dr. Chuck was  broken down into concise simple sections that kept me interested, and I could follow along easily, with just the right amount of complexity in the quizzes and chapter exercises, so as not to discourage me. I've tried to learn computer programming using  Java (inside & outside of a tertiary environment) with very limited success, but switched to learning python because it seemed more intuitive. So while i'm not a complete "novice" to programming, this course had the "Goldilocks Effect" for me. "Just right" :D
This class is great! The material, while dense, is explained at length by the professor, and the lectures do a good job of complementing the information in the provided course textbook. In addition to the professor being very down-to-earth and thorough, the mentors are incredibly responsive and helpful when asked for assistance in the forums. My fellow students are also very engaged, and it's a good choice on the part of the course organizers to get us to grade each other's work for the first (optional) assignment. The logic of programming can be very dense and forbidding, but through this course, you will feel like you have a lot of support in learning how to use it.
I am an engineer and I studied one programming course for a different language in university and I totally hated it. I thought to give it a try again and I found this course really simple for beginners even with no programming experience. Prof. Charles breaks down everything to make sure the message is properly conveyed and understood. Great teacher! I definitely know more about programming now compared to before the course. I am planning to continue the rest of the Python courses. I think it is a good idea though to add an extra section (or recommend external resources) for more exercises after each chapter in the course for students who are eager to practice more.
Loved this course. I especially like the active transcript feature where you can go back to a specific part of the video by clicking on sentences below the video player window- this is really cool.  I also like the arrangement of buttons around a lecture video - it's very intuitive. The "Save A Note" feature works very seamlessly (on PC). You just click the button during the part of the video that you want to save and it adds a snapshot of the video to your list of thumbnails. Lastly, I appreciate the progress bars for each week, and the Overview - these do a good job of showing your overall progress so you know where you stand at any given time. Very well designed.
It's very very good course. I really advise all people who want to learn PYTHON to get this course now and start with it. This course is very organized, and structured well for learners , an excellent lecturer, also good practices for all .Thank You very much COURSERA . You all have to enroll this course if you start  to learn PYTHON, prepare yourself, and get into this for the future. I hope you all doing well and listen to my advise, it's for free, and you will realize that after doing it. I have to thank Dr. Chuck, he is my best lecturer of this course and this field that I have been met, so take a look on this course on COURSERA, and you will love itSincerely,
As a beginner(computer illiterate) in computer science, I had tried pretty hard in searching for the most suitable Python learning materials, but it turned out the contents I found online were nothing close to this program. This course is carefully designed to be a well organized step by step Python journey, it focuses on the basics, the fundamentals and explains the logic behind each arguments, conditionals, variables, etc. If this is your first time learning how to program and you certainly want to have a clear structure of what is going on with each code you type in and why you are typing it, I will recommend you to try it out. Get ready to say "Hello Python"!!
I was a C Programming enthusiast about 12 years ago. Over the years, I had not got a lot of opportunity to code in C (I had been using only ProC rarely, PL/SQL and Unix Shell). This course was very exciting from the beginning. I always wanted to attend classes of professors like Charles. The Idea becomes far fetched when you have a day job to do. I was so excited from the beginning and completing the course and seeing the certificate was icing on the cake. Coursera is a big gift for people like me who wanted to pursue higher education, but could not leave their day jobs due to personal commitment.Thank you to Coursera, University of Michigan and Charles Severance
This was a great intro for anyone who has never programmed and very well articulated. Concepts clearly explained. Giving it 5 stars since the effort that has gone into making these videos is poorly understood by people who have not been in lecturing positions - I salute you ! Having been a self taught programmer from the mid 80's on BASIC with Apple 2E's, it is a breath of fresh air seeing this kind of material on the Internet. I had to dig around in libraries which had books (yes paper!). If the youth could rather spend time exploiting this fountain of knowledge instead of hacking away on FPS and Online gaming then we could see some really cool stuff happen :).
ery good introduction to basic programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background ,Dr. Chuck was so interesting and he has an extra ordinary ideas to capture or grasp things from him without making any doubt on any topics,This course is actually dealing with the basics of PythonI can say that this course will make worthwhile for who have actually going to starts with python. The pace was perfect, it was not so long that it was daunting to finish and it did not take too much weekly free time either. Despite this, I was still able to learn a great deal and am still motivated to continue with the rest of the specialization.
This was my first course which I took and completed. It took me 2-3 days to complete this course. It was a great experience and I would definitely continue with the specialisation. I really liked the cool and fundamental nature of Dr. Chuck. I really enjoyed the course. His idea of putting web series interview was awesome. it provides a great depth of exposure. I very strongly feel that the most enjoyed moment with my course were my coding assignments. I request the course staff to increase those assignments by 4 times. It was the great experience and I really appreciate the effort.Thanks Everyone for making this happenRegards,Rahul Kumar SharmaBangalore, India
I have just finished the course.  As a junior data analyst (with some knowledge in SQL), python is probably one of the best languages to learn. I had a little background in programming, and worked with computers for a few years, so I feel like learning python is a good place to start.  As for the course - I think it was a great platform for me to establish my basic python. It is also my first online course, and I enjoyed this way of studying very much. The course is a great fit for anyone who wants to start developing some sort of skill in programming.  I might not know how the other MOOC courses in python are, but I would definitely recommend taking this one.
I have audited this course, hence submitting or quizzes and doing assignments were not allowed unless you are ready to pay for this course :-)Dr. Chuck has an amazing teaching style, you will never feel bored, you will always be kept engaged with the easy to understand course-materials.The course is properly designed for the new programmers in python language and is quite easy to learn and digest. Great for the beginners.If you are already a good programmer of some language other than python then this course may not give you much extra in terms of programming but yes learning from Dr. Chuck is a great life-time experience. Thank You for the amazing course.
I've started and failed to finish, even after two weeks, many on-line MOOCs and thought maybe it wasn't my style.  This one has given me hope I can set up an environment and participate in a class that goes at a reasonable pace.  I enjoy the teaching style and that the lectures are designed for people without a lot of (if any) CS or computing background, which is great for me. I come from the biology field and always wanted to learn programming but never gave it enough time or effort. This class has helped me come a long way from quitting course after course, to now believe that I can finish an entire on line class because it is meeting me at my level.
I have completed this course within 4 days and I had no prior knowledge of programming language.and also I do not belong to a programming or computer science stream in my college. My subjects are PCM still I am learning python because I am highly interested in learning new thing about computer and one day I came to know about programming language then I searched on google and came to know that python is easy and so helpful and friendly language to learn that's why I started learning Python and also my aim is to become a teacher and I want to teach python.This course is really so amazing because Dr chuck has treated so friendly.Just go for this course.
This Course is highly recommended for the beginner who wants to learn programming language, specially Python. If anyone is delegated, it will take only 1.5 or 2 weeks to complete. I specially want to mention the Instructor Dr. Chuck, he is from School of Information, University of Michigan and knows how to teach a beginner level students who don't know anything about programming. Moreover, I want to mention another thing that this course is just part 1 and covered chapters 1-5 of the textbook “Python for Everybody”. So, anyone want to complete this course just enroll Specialization "Python for Everybody" which is included 5 courses. Happy Learning !
Anonymous completed this course.
Doctor Charles Severance is an excellent teacher: he explains programming concepts in a friendly way, references on other parts of programming in a way, that you forget why writing code can be sometimes annoying, (when there is syntax errors, or tracebacks, or in the old days with c++ when the program didn´t compile)., has the ability of binding python with computer history, and has interesting optional videos...

I am really happy to have chosen this course, above other options for diving into Python.

Congratulations, Dr. Severance,,, keep up your brilliant labor as a teacher
#  Anonymous ==  Camilo Ceballos Sierra
Wow. the professor is so amazing and makes us immersed into the programming world. I knew much of this course as i knew the basic of C language already. But python was a new language and had many doubts or vague concepts before this course. But Charles cleared all my queries and refreshed every concept. I feel that I am not going to forget all these things for sure as the conceopt got invoked in my brains to last forever. Thank you very much Charles and I highly recommended this course for gteeting a basic knowledge about python. A six out of five course for sure. This course really made me to move ahead with other courses in this specialization.
I'm a Mechanical engineering student and when I came to know that I need to learn programming for better opportunities but I used to hate these as well. But choosing python and especially choosing this course helped me a lot to take out my fear of programming . Instructor Charles Russell Severance is extremely amazing in simplifying those programming language into human language. Well explained and well presented. Though it was not one to one interaction but they way he brought the knowledge and fun together is appreciable.Best course with best instructor also I want to thank Coursera and University of Michigan for providing this course.
I am a naive programmer. I had been exposed to academic level Matlab programming only. So, I was very afraid of programming and I always looked for an easy mode of escape from programming. as Python programming language is very user friendly , I decided to start from here.Literally this was my first ever programming class. Thanks to our Dear Prof. Chuck that i feel confident about programming in Python. I have known that i do not need very in depth programming language as in our domain of application it would not be required. But now i am thinking of taking whole specialization. Last, but not the least,Thanks coursera for Financial AId.
I have successfully completed Python for everybody course on Coursera. I learnt basics of python for project. It is a very good start for beginner to enter in modern programming language.  Python is very simple and easy programming language, anybody can learn this. And coursera course on this topic is perfect for good start. I would like to thanks professor Charles Severance for teaching us python in as simple as possible. I really enjoyed this course with Prof. Charles , specially his way of giving examples and funny way to teach. 

I have completed course in 7-days free trial period. Thank you Coursera for this course available to us.
Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor who rollouts all the content in an very well structured order, with his own passionate and encouraging style. Throughout the course you can feel that he really cares about your progress. He knows exactly where you may feel frustrated and need to elaborate on.  With his lively interpretation, I even felt less rejected when encountered errors :) I am from business background and never known anything about programming before, but Dr. Chuck easily grabbed my attention from the very beginning. I just couldn't put it down and completed in one week. Will continue with other courses under the specialization.
I would say this course is amazing, i really enjoyed this course also I learned a lot from prof. Charles. Before I enrolled in this course, I had half-year learning experience in Java, that's probably why sometimes I was very confused between these two, like construction of while loop and for loop were a little bit different. I think Prof. Charles is pretty funny, and his demonstration is pretty clear and concise. I am just wondering if he could spend more time and examples to illustrate the similarity between python and other programming languages, and difference like applications, that would be better. Anyway, i enjoyed this course!
Dr Severance is a gifted teacher. I enjoy all the videos and educational resources very much. I have rarely come across such a charismatic lecturer and mentor and I have over 18 degrees and have studied extensively in many UK and US universitties including Harvard. Dr Severance is indeed the best teacher I have had so far. I am looking forward to the rest of the online classes. Every day after a hard day's work, I enjoy watching the videos and doing the programming tasks. These are excellent classes, very thorough explanations, and to the point. Well done to all the team at the University of Michigan, but especially to Dr Severance.
I really loved the way this course is organized. All the topics are explained sequentially and none of the basic topic is skipped. Most of the video lectures had programming explanations which helped me to understand better. Although the course covers most important and initial topics, i suggest to have more advanced topics and complex assignments. It is advised to have the code samples and psuedo codes attached in the content so that we can take the reference of it when needed. Overall i would say this course is well suited for beginners in Python and also who are novice in programming. Looking forward to learn more from Coursera.
Prof. Charles Severance, OMG he is just an extraordinary teacher, especially the patience and great sense of humor with which he engages students in learning experience, he delivered the course at a truly understandable way for Everyone on the Earth doing justice to the title of course (Programming for Everybody)... I just loved the course, that is the reason, i could finish it in just 3-4 days spending maximum time due to staying at home in view of COVID 19 lock down at India...Once again big thank you to Prof Charles Severance and his entire team and all those fascinating videos of his visits to various places he had been to...
Before that course I tried to learn python on youtube and on another site that provide learning online platroform, but they leave me with many, many questions unanswered.This course answered them all. (i.e. What is the difference between "=" and "==", and why is it so important? or Do I have to use "space" and "tab" on keyboard? or What is the difference between try/except and if/else, isn't it the same?, Why "elif", huh? and many, many, many more. )The best programming introduction I can imagine. Dr Chuck and his lectures are great, especially when explaining differences between human thinking and computer thinking.Thank You!
I am so excited that i have decided to embark on the journey of learning Python! One of the most common questions we receive from our readers is “What’s the best way to learn Python?”I believe that the first step in learning any programming language is making sure that you understand how to learn. Learning how to learn is arguably the most critical skill involved in computer programming.Why is knowing how to learn so important? The answer is simple: as languages evolve, libraries are created, and tools are upgraded. Knowing how to learn will be essential to keeping up with these changes and becoming a successful programmer.
I had done a project using python language before this class , but had not learnt it very well. Through the 'Python for Everybody 'course on Coursers by Professor Chuck ,i have learnt basics of python and really enjoyed coding. Being a Mechanical engineer i was difficult to start coding but the course helped me build interest and work upon the assignments with lots of motivation and willingness .I am very much interested to continue learning through the next course on 'Python data structures'I want to thank Professor Chuck , Coursera team and University of Michigan for making such a wonderful course available.Best Regards
I felt the way Dr. Chuck structured his teaching videos allowed me to keep focus and not get bored.  Dr. Chuck explained the concepts very well! I'm really glad I took this course! I felt doing the assignments really cemented the concepts.   The video interviews with the experts were really interesting to watch and how Python grew over the years.  The quizzes were not hard.  I had taken a C++ course 20 years ago and was not so great at it, now I feel I more confident in programming.  It's all very interesting as I can use what I learned in my work place.  I've told my coworkers to take this course, definitely worth it.
Love the way Professor is teaching. I am a beginner in programming, so basically I know nothing in this field. But the way professor explains things and the way he introduces programming and python just makes me even more interested in programming. Now, after finishing week 1 material, I am so excited to continue learning this stuff. I was very nervous and stressed about learning programming, but professor just makes me much more relaxed and confident to learn. Thank you so much! I am so grateful that I find this course! This is the perfect start for me. I appreciate all the efforts and time you have put in this class.
This course provides you the knowledge of Python from the very basics which is a great thing as I didn't have any coding background. It was amazing to have a great teacher as Charles Severance who made the pieces of stuff easier to understand and quite enjoyable especially while he was describing his hat. Really it was my pleasure to have this course, now I am able to relate to programming in Python and get to the basics of the different terminologies in Python. Overall, I enjoy and learnt different stuff around in this course and had a great time on this course Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python).
It was a very nice course, Dr chuck Engages you in class very well.I am not from CS background I was an Aircraft mechanic but still i will say : This course teaches you not only very basics of Python But you will know many other programming stuffs as well, Say it as good practices of programming .I completed this course from Coursera And l was  planing go to the site py4e.com to get a advanced knowledge of python.But I found other related courses as well so I will stick back to CourseraOnce again Thanks Dr. Chuck,Its hard for me to pay now for the whole Specialization  Yee I will love to get a free certificate ;-)
It was an awesome course. It covered all concepts in python from basics. They provided assignments, quiz,and many more . I had some prior knowledge in Python but this course helped in a quite good revision of the topics before the placement and helped a lot. It provided all information about if ,if else, loops,def ,try except. There were some topics which i could easily gasp well as the teacher explained with some real life scenario and examples of real life people ,completely different from the books. Some bonus videos were also provided, they were fun to watch and refreshed for some time being...Thanks a lot.
Great introductory course. Walks you through installing the software and using it, or you can use their browser based Python Playground if you don't want to deal with that.It's very basic. You won't be able to do much after this course, but you will have a good foundation and want to learn more.Time requirement is reasonable. I completed it in about 20 hours across two weeks, and that included getting Python set up on a PC and a Mac and learning how to Git and Github so I could keep my files updated across both of them.Definitely do use the recommended atom.io text editor. It's great, especially if you use Git.
It's really wonderful course! This course gives a good start in Python. I really recomend you to take it. I enjoyed it, it wasn't boring. Dr. Chuck did a great job and I really thankful for this. I recommend it to people who don't know how to start with programming. The way it was explained it's really easy to understanding. Even if your English not really good (like mine), you can try it. Once you completed this course, you will have an eager to complete a specialization. Anyway you shouldn't stop only on fundamentals of programming but keep going to make something more complex and interesting. Thanks a lot!
Very nice lecture and helpful exercises. If you're new to
Python, this is the best course to start with. The basics were properly
discussed and Dr. Charles Severance was able to discussed the topic clearly and
with enthusiasm. Even if you don’t have much background on programming, you can
easily catch up with these lectures. The topics were also divided into several
parts, so you can easily pause for a while and then continue whenever you want.
But all in all, this is one of the best lectures I had. I'm glad I have taken
this course. Will continue to enroll in the next class which is about data
structures.
largest=Nonei=0smallest=Nonewhile True:             num=input ("enter a num:")             if num=="done": break             else:                    try:                          if(i==0):                                 smallest=int(num)                                 i=i+1                          if(largest<=int(num)):                                  largest=int(num)                          if(smallest>=int(num)):                                  smallest=int(num)                    except:                          print ("Invalid input")print ("Maximum is", largest)print ("Minimum is", smallest)
I like the way Dr. Severance teaches programming. His teaching is straight forward and very mistake free when you apply what he teaches as he's already talked about the possible mistakes the learners may make. I was a software engineer 15 years ago, and now I would like to learn some new skills and this is the first official time I am back to the programming world. I am very grateful that the first course I started was Dr. Severance's class. Thanks to Coursera as well for putting such quality courses online. I plan to finish the 5-course python specialization and this first course boosts my confidence!
If you are a complete noob, this is the place to start. The course is very informative about the basics of Python that is put in a highly simplified manner. The instructor is entertaining and pleasant to listen to. I wish there were more graded projects than what is required. The projects are brain teasers, can be tough until you have the "aha moment". Don't expect to ever be given the answer. You must figure it out on your own.I do not like Coursera's video player, it does not have good controls. There is some clunkiness to the GUI, but overall a good experience. Will continue throughout the courses.
Having had little to no experience in coding (only a brief two week module using python in my second year of university) and online courses in general, I am so happy that I decided to sign up for this course. Charles Severance is a fantastic lecturer who does an excellent job of helping students to actually understand and apply the thought processes behind coding rather than simply memorising what others have done. The course is perfect for beginners with a slow pace that gives people time to digest what they have learned. I am now looking forward to taking part in more courses in this specialisation.
I took this course to learn the basics of python for my own personal use, and to develop these skills into data and file manipulation for future career use. I had a little HTML (like, very very little) experience and Visual Basic (.net) experience before taking this course. Having prior coding experience before, this course was very easy for my to get through. However, I am confident that even a non-techsavvy, no prior experience student would have no trouble getting through this course do to how well it was structured. I highly recommend this course to anyone looking into getting started with python.
A lovely introduction for someone who has little to no
knowledge of programming. I would attribute this to
Dr Chuck's ability of teaching, e.g. language usage.  Additionally, the way the lecture videos were
broken down, had made things easy to understand, as it gave room for students
to digest each segment. Before enrolling myself, I had gone through low rated reviews;
the pattern I saw was that many had complained the course was too “easy”. Those
who already had pre-existing Python knowledge left these reviews. If you are
like me and had never attempted Python before, this is a good place to start.
The lectures are
  very well structured and the flow of each lectures flows greatreference support and reading material is
  very satisfyingPresentation support such as drawings,
  slides is very interestingthe way the lecturer teaches is very
  passionate and very interestingthe speed of the lecturer is suitable to
  my ability to listen and comprehendthe voice and pronunciation are clear and
  easy to understandthe material taught is very useful,
  interesting and up to datethis lecture will be very useful for my
  career in the futurethis lecture will be very useful for real
  life in the future
Excellent course, well taught. I don't have a computing background.  Weeks 1-4 felt easy, Week 5 I had to focus, and weeks 6&7 I was pausing a lot and trying to digest the material. Next time  this course is run it may be helpful to spread this material across 8 weeks, so that material in weeks 6 and 7 can be done over 3 weeks. instead of 2 weeks.I would also like to see more exercises (even if not graded) in weeks 5 to 7. E.g. to try out the various new lessons/functions.  Although, on relflection, there was nothing stopping a student trying this out in Atom or in the PY4E playground!Many thanks.
Upon taking this course, I had zero knowledge of Python, Programming. I always wanted to learn but it always seemed complex.Up stepped, Python for Everybody by the charismatic Dr Chuck Severance. It was different. The course is both easy to understand and very detailed. It is also quite compelling, meaning for someone like me with a relatively weak self-discipline, I did not have to conjure up this "amazing" will power to complete this course, it automatically drew me in like a magnet.I thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend it to any one looking to begin his journey in Python and Programming.
Although the course 1 is just a beginner's start to the python programming language, but the way it is created will definitely inspire many students to start python programming language seriously and professionally. The worldwide office hours, meetings with other tech person and new technologies introduction etc all are created in a way that nobody can feel alone while taking this course and Its just the start, the other 4 courses in python specialization are must to enroll for professional start. Thank you Coursera, University of Michigan, HEC and Sir Charles Severance for such a amazing course.
I am an in undergrad course so my review will be valid for all those beginners in programming out there. So first of all for a beginner this course sounds just parfait.For me it taught me how to think like a programmer. In this you have the assignments, regular quizzes for each chapter in the course which is like a revision or kinda tests of what you learnt you actually get introduced to the basics of Python.
This course also gives you bonus by introducing to the people who gave birth to Python, Piazza and some of the important people in the community of Programming

All in all

Thanks Dr.Chucks
Having struggled with Python for more than a year and tried different learning materials, I am so happy with the newbie-friendly teaching approach presented in this course. The first few lectures are very helpful as they demystify the conceptual challenges surrounding Python, programming  and computers in general--effectively breaking down the psychological barrier common in many students new to programming. I like the textbook and the bonus videos very much, as they offer contextual information about Python and how people are using programming in the real world. I am a big fan of the professor!
This was my first course to do with any type of computer programming I took. I had been interested in the past to learn python, learned some basic stuff but nothing like this. I know how a base understanding of what Python can do. The professor, Dr. Chuck was humorous which made the class fun, his lectures were on point and didn't give you too much information.  The only negative, is I found myself getting stuck at assignments and having to look for help elsewhere to complete my programs. I hope with the more I continue to learn, I will be able to finish the assignments with my own knowledge.
I really enjoyed my time with this online experience.  Though I managed to get thru most of the course without having to post a question, I did realize in the end how easy and responsive the course TA's are in follow up. And there is also the community of other students whom I was able to learn from in seeing their questions and answer sessions.  You have no idea how important it was for me to be able to review the material in snippets in my day and then review it again and again so that I could comprehend the nuances of the lessons. Amazing, I wish I had this when I was in my undergrad days.
The course was awesome, well-furnishing and compatible even for those who are are not aware of programming techniques though. In my opinion, if someone is going to start a journey over python then I'll recommend him/her to kindly pursue this course at least as a start, and I know they will love the respected instructor and his course content and his unique way of imparting knowledge as well.The only thing I missed here was, they should add a bit more content, adding up some more concepts to the course so as to match-up with the necessities of a well-contented beginner level course on python.
Although this is not the first online course that i have ever taken, this must be the most interesting and the most progressive online course for me. I will move on to the subsequent courses. After taking this course, you will absolutely master how to install Python3, how to write .py files and how to run them. Furthermore, you will learn the mechanism of conditional statements, while loops, for loops, functions, etc. It may be a little confusing when you first started this course, but after countinuous learning, you will be interested and immerse yourself in it. This course is worth taking.
Took the course as a first
step in dealing with big data science.The structure of the
course is at all times comprehensible and it has a rather smooth
narrative. 
The course book is easy to
understand, though at times it feels like it skips some steps. 
The strongest point of the
course is the instructor himself. Having thorough knowledge of the
subject at hand, teaches in a funny and at the same time really
productive manner. In short he teaches as an educator should teach.To sum up, really  good
MOOC programme, gets you ahead in a few weeks time. Will definitely
enroll for the second one.
Highly recommended beginner friendly course with great lecturer! I have not taken many CS courses but compared to CS50X, Dr. Chuck Severance is really determined to not only teach python but to make sure students understand and he delivers content in very entertaining way. He even wrote and published the accompanying literature for free online! You can tell from the offline office hours that he really does care about his online Coursera students.In addition I really love the mini interviews with the startup founders and python developer. It really enrich my knowledge about the IT industry.
Very well done course. It's very slow, so if you're looking for something akin to a full time college course, I would take this at either double or triple the pace the course recommends. It's geared towards people who have never developed or really looked at code at all, so if you have, you'll be ahead of the pack. Overall, I enjoyed the course a lot. It definitely covered things from many angles and went through things slow enough for me me to process everything. That said, I was also able to increase the speed of the videos and complete a few weeks in one when I had the time. Fun class
Was a really nice experience, it is helpful for check and
reinforce base knowledge for python programming. The instructor explanations
about the different subjects was easy to understand and the examples and test
made helps a lot in the practice of python coding. The course feels friendly
and comfortable, that is makes go through the weeks with high expectation and
keeps the interest in a high level. For people with none or just a few
knowledge about programing, is a great course to start and at least in my case,
encourage me to keep learning and improving my programing skills in python
The best thing about this course is the Instructor and the video quality, its easy pace, its content which goes from the following path ---> very very easy - very easy - little easy -  easy - little intermediate, and it goes on... I mean that the instructor is very much student-friendly, not that kind of instructor that just come to the lecture-gets the beginner and intermediate topics mixed up, starts mugging up what he has to teach and just fades away with a piece of paper without any value in our hands(course certificate). Don't just read reviews get your a** off and start working.
This is a great class for someone who has no experience with Python at all. Dr. Chuck does an excellent job helping you understand the core concepts in a manner that is easy to learn. The lectures are interesting, easy to follow, and full of great material. The quizzes are simple enough but you do have to pay attention in order to get them correct. The assignments were a lot of fun and made you think of how best to incorporate everything you learned. This was a better experience than I have had in other courses I have been through. I am definitely taking the next class from Dr. Chuck!
The course is very good. when i started this course i am thinking it's going to be difficult , but relaxed when completed first week of the course. The main attraction of the course is it's arrangement in a sequence step by step form which makes understanding concepts easy.Each video in the course doesn't tell only how to do program, but also clears the concept of the programs and why we are doing that program.Really any person can learn python through these course even he has a programming background or not. Overall course is so good and helps me in enhancing my programming skills.
The course is very good. when i started this course i am thinking it's going to be difficult , but relaxed when completed first week of the course. The main attraction of the course is it's arrangement in a sequence step by step form which makes understanding concepts easy.Each video in the course doesn't tell only how to do program, but also clears the concept of the programs and why we are doing that program.Really any person can learn python through these course even he has a programming background or not.Overall course is so good and helps me in enhancing my programming skills.
I am a research student and working with Matlab Programming currently. Previously I did Masters in Geography and I had a very little experience in programming language as my entire course study was based on theory, statistical applications in geography. Dr. Chuck's lectures really helped my out to learn coding from scratch and at the top of it I am now able to find out my loopholes while I do coding on Matlab background. Definitely I will take more courses from Coursera in future and when I have saved much, I will upgrade my course to get my completion certificates.CheersChandrama
I really enjoyed learning this course. Though I am a beginner in programming, I was able to follow, comprehend and apply the contents taught in the course. The instructor stayed true to his vision in making it easy for everyone to learn programming through this course. Additionally taking it on coursera online platform helped me do it at my own pace, pause, take notes and really grasp the content. The assignments were appropriate and interesting.I strongly recommend this course to newbies willing to take the plunge into programming. Python seemed lot more easy to learn and apply.
Dr. Severance kept everything very clear. I really appreciate that he has mastered the pace required to make sure you don't miss something, even when you think he could go faster. He has also mastered how to explain the translation from human thinking to computer code really well. I have found that other teachers have gone "native" with computer thinking and cannot explain it clearly.  Clearly, this course makes you confident to continue on with the rest of the specialization. Note, if you have even a little coding experience, you can do this first course in a week quite easily.
I'm not new to programming, I'm not new to Python, but I took this course just to see the way Mr. Severace teaches. I loved him! I completed the whole course in literally less than 6 hours of binging and completing the assignments plus the bonus material. A 100% of it. It was almost a quick refresher for me.
If this is your first time into programming, this is the best place to start with. Mr. Charles Russell Severance is the fun way to start with. The content is to the point and deals straight to the point with added fun. No nasty tricks/shortcuts, just plain beginner content.
I've tried the Python course of Rice university, and some part of the Codecademy Python course! This is much more basic and offer a fundamental view about all programming language not only just python. Compared to the Rice University course, this one is more for a new beginner who hasn't done any coding before. The Rice course doesn't really need any coding exp, but with the projects get more complicated in the end, it would be much easier if you have somewhat coding exp before, at least in my opinion. Anyway, I can't wait for all this specialization of University of Michigan!
The following course "Programming for Everybody" provides basic, useful knowledge of programming languages and terminologies used by a computer programmer. It is indeed very helpful for a non-programmer like me to initiate and learn a new scientific field of study and to further take over the commands within. Moreover, the instructor is excellent and expert in his field. He explains the tricky concepts  so well with contextualisation. He successfully kept me captured throughout the course. And I am keen to opt for the other specialization courses taught by the same Professor.
Professor did really great job in trying to make every newcomer love programming. Professor have done a really great job explaining all the stuff in only a short period of time.As a person who have already studied Python before, this course is really helpful and is a quick review for most material studied before. The assignment and quiz is quite easy. My recommendation for improving this course is to teach python by using the python instead of powerpoint in slides. It will make everything much clearer and people who haven't learn python before can understand things easier.
IMHO, Excellent introductory course. Well planned, enabling students to interact and take baby steps into this really powerful language. Smart, casual and yet precise lessons will help you to go through the initial necessary steps in the language, building a fundamental base where you will construct your python coding skills!. Loved it. Platform quizzes  and assignments help you make progress and push you to review your notes and the book content, enabling you to feel comfortable with the speed of the lessons. Thanks to Chuck and the Teaching Staff of Python for Everybody!
It is initially difficult to follow any course regularly on any online teaching website. I have tried studying various courses on coursera before but I usually ended up in leaving the course. This is the first course I completed and I am really happy. Professor has really put lot of effort in teaching the course and also tried to make it fun. Thumbs up to Professor Charles Severance! However this course is really meant for someone who was never exposed to programming. As I have had some exposure, I increased the playback speed to 1.5x (So thumbs up to Coursera as well ! )
Very happy with this course, Charles' passion shows and I appreciated the "let's not rush things and step back a bit" approach which makes us think things through and therefore provides a deeper understanding of the concepts covered. Charles' tuition is logical, easy, relaxed and actually fun to follow, I would definitely recommend this course to anyone wanting to start having a basic "coding culture", also I believe that being capable of instructing a computer to do something with the clearest, shortest and simplest instructions can be useful for any training exercise.
I have seen and tried quite a few coursera courses and this one was especially engaging and helpful. The lecturer clearly has lots of experience and it's easy to stay focused. I never get bored from his videos. The assignment difficulty might have been a little more consistent. While the first ones barely took me a minute, the final one took me a few weeks and even today I don't understand why the tiny changes I've made have had such different results. I would like to know more about that.I'm going for all the other courses in this specialization. Really enjoyed this.
This is a great opportunity to learn some excellent skills in a language that is powerful yet easy enough to learn the basics.  I enjoyed every moment of this class.  I learned a lot about python and Charles Severance (Dr. Chuck) provides an excellent learning experience why presenting the material in a concise, structured and fun manner.  I'm pursuing all 5 (even the capstone course) courses to earn the specialization in an up and coming language I feel we will see more apps being developed in the Python Language.  Thanks Doctor Chuck and the University of Michigan!
An excellent course, very clear with the precise information that help me to understand the issue and learn beyond, thanks to the course material.Chuck, the teacher, is an excellent transmitter of knowledgeI highly recommend it.Rocio------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Un curso excelente, muy claro y con el material preciso para entender el tema y aprender más de la cuenta.Chuck, el profesor es excelente transmisor del conocimientoLo recomiendo ampliamente.Rocio
It's an awesome introductory course specially designed in a way that everybody can easily understand all the classes. I don't have a technological background and I'm pretty confident to say that the course can be easily undertaken in 1 week or two weeks if you have easy with absorbing new content and if you like it, so that you can move on to the next one and do other courses more advanced. Also this is easily a course that can be leveraged to other machine learning related courses in which python is the most common tool. With that said I wish you the best of luck !
Dear Dr. Chuck! Thank you VERY MUCH for the most outstanding course I've had so far. Your sense of humor and your eagerness to teach are the most valuable things in this course. They transfer studying into a fun and interesting process. This course is very good for the beginners with completely no knowledge about what programming is. I think that people who know one or more programming languages may wish to have more changeable tasks and learning. Seven weeks for the course may seem too long but nobody restricts you from rushing forward. See you in the next course!
This was an excellent beginner level course for Python.  Though I had prior coding/programming experience with MATLAB, I learnt new and interesting things from the perspective of a computer science course. I also have to say this was the first course that I successfully completed on Coursera which is a reflection of the interesting course material and the enthusiasm shown by Dr. Charles Severance in his videos. I particularly enjoyed the last assignment. I will definitely try to complete the specialization from here. Thank you Coursera, UMichigan and Dr. Severance!
Love Dr. Chuck. He makes the class fun and interactive. This a probably the best call to take if you are thinking about learning programming (in any language). Python is very intuitive and easy to learn. it will give you a sense of how to think like a computer.The best tip I can give someone who is serious about actually learning the material is the following:1. watch the lectures, take notes2. read the book, play with interactive python in your computer, look at python documentations, as necessary.4. Do all the exercises from the book5. Do the course assignments
I never had a programming class that covers really the base of the basics in such a deep and easy to understand way, not taking for granted many things. Professor Charles Severance has a great sense of humour (it looks like you are talking to him in person, it's not something spectacular for the camera) and very generous showing his team, amplifying knowledge through interviewing many interesting people. Exercises were very helpful to understand the chapters. Would appreciate if could  have more exercises (not for grade, but for practicing). Super recommend it!
Excellent course for the
beginners in Python. Well managed and easy to understand with given
examples.  Asking the assignments which
is the best way to understand how much we have learn. I will definitely refer
this course to others also. At the start of this course I do not have any
knowledge about the python. But after completing this course now I know the
basic and some advanced topics of python. Now I am able to write and run the
program in python. Thanks to instructor sir for explaining this course in a
very different and understandable way. Thanks a lot.
It's my one of two first online courses. I really liked the way of Dr Chuck's teaching. I taught Swift 4 by myself last year. That's why a lot of things I found familiar to me. But on another hand I've covered some deep programming (logic) details that I didn't know before. 

I think that's such way of learning is much more efficient than studying something just by a book or documentation (of course it's better to combine and use as much additional info as possible).Would could be done better? You could add built-in questions into videos for more interactions.
I had started out this course with great trepidation, of the fear that I may be too old to learn programming. However, I must state that Dr. Charles Severance is an excellent teacher. I have managed to complete the course well ahead of time. I have had very little programming experience and was glad to be able to complete the assignments on time. The course is well structured and I was able to follow the material well enough to complete the quiz at the end of each chapter without any hiccups. Thank you Coursera. I look forward to taking many more courses here.
i am really in love by the way they teach the method for teaching is so perfect by taking quiz ,assinments and all that helps students to know about himself/herself.and the bonus videos of interviews of great founders and CEO's inspire students to do something more creative for the next timeand most important student's saturated notes.they helped you out to clear your concepts more precise so my advice to all newcomers is to take a brief look on notes.and also Dr. Charles Severance and his team deserves a hats-off for his hard-work. love this course....thanks
The course titled " Programming for Everybody" does exactly what it says. The course is a beginner's level course for introduction to the world of programming. This course is based on python, which is a powerful programming language and focuses on application rather than too much of syntaxes. This course is taught by Charles Severance and he has explained the topics required to learn programming in a very clear-cut concise way, right from the basics. I recommend this course to everyone who wants to start programming and has no prior knowledge in this field.
This course is a great introduction to programming for someone with zero experience, and it's useful for those who do have experience to really solidify the fundamentals of programming. It's also a great introduction to python for people coming from other languages. The instructor's videos are very good. He is clear, his explanations manage to be both thorough and concise, and he's personable enough to not be boring but without resorting to too much silliness. For those new to programming, I highly recommend taking notes by hand, and read the book chapters!
This is an awesome course, for beginners, in Python, Instructor is cool and he keeps you tightly bounded to the course, pace is good, video lectures are very informative and good, after completing this course I am sure that you will able to explore more of python by yourself very easily or learn any other programming language. I thanks coursera for bringing up such beautifully designed course for beginners. I recommend every one even faculty members to go through this course, this will also help them to improve their pedagogical approach towards teaching.
The programing course is quite easy to learn. The teacher 's explanation is clear and sometimes funny! I think it's a great way to learn programing which makes me happy not boring. When watching the videos without boring, I learn a lot of the basic programing a lot. The ways to hand in the assignment is also convenient, just type your Python code on a website, submit ,and done! The score shows up immediately, so I can correct my code immediately, it didn't take much time for me to learning this programing course. Thanks to the course and my teacher a lot!
I really enjoyed this course, the teacher has a very friendly tone and he is great at explaining all the concepts. I appreciate his efforts and everyone else who contributed to this course. And finally I really like the interviews, it is nice to be able to hear interviews with the creator of Python and authors of Python books and their stories, it helps to broaden my knowledge past just knowing the language but also its history. Overall it was a great course and it taught me a lot about Python while keeping it interesting with interviews of great people.
This was my first experience with a programming language (Python) offered by the University of Michigan via the Coursera platform. I have learned a lot during this course. The lectures and all the material are well-organized and structured. Charles Russell Severance is an extremely fascinating and interesting mentor! He explains the material clearly and neatly. I am very excited and happy because there are 4 more courses in this specialization. I will definitely participate in them as well. Thank you a lot for providing such a great learning experience.
It provides good resources and information for basic programming and Python.   The lecture is a true college style.  The chapters are well organized, and the instructor explains step by step.   I have studied computer science before and am an experienced programmer.  So, I did not pay, and finished the whole course in one week;one day for one chapter, but I recommend this course for everybody who wants to learn programming and Python.   You will learn what programming means by the end of the course, along with learning basic Python programming language.
For users who don't really know what programming is. It's like taking the first baby steps towards learning to code. 
Python3 is the language taught, it's easy to use and also powerful.
Great instructor. Loved his way of teaching, his analogies was fun, and it classes seemed like live online classes rather than recorded ones. 
This is a really short course, covers all the basics. Those who already know looping etc, can skip. it's very basic. Those who have tablets or ipads can also take this course since it has inbuilt python playground and autograder.
Everyone should have a basic understanding/coding class for general knowledge of what an awesome supplemental tool Python is. If you feel this is not something that can not aide you in your current studies or career I would strongly reconsider as seeing first hand in the ability to transform data, functions, expressions etc... has shown the limitless possibilities of Python. To be clear this is a very elementary beginners course which was perfect for someone who wants to dip a toe in the coding language pool without the fear of diving off the deep end.
This course literally helps a lot! I only learned a little about programming when I was 12 or something, and of course I remembered nothing now. This course is really a good and easy way to start programming, because it's not only funny and easy to understand (mostly because Dr. Chuck is really cute and guiding), but also it provides dozens of simple project assignments to help students understand Python better. Anyway, I enjoyed this course so much that it only cost me 2 weeks to finish this. I think I'm going on to the next Python course right away!!
Great beginner course, learned a lot and feel more confident in foundational python. I didn't study CS in college and only took a beginning CS class during my senior spring (learned java). A year and a half later, I took this course and it was very straightforward and the information was strongly reinforced through lecture videos, quizzes, assignments, and the textbook (definitely recommend reading the textbook).  I was able to finish all 7 weeks in 1 week, spending a couple hours a day on it. Will be continuing on to the other 4 courses in this class.
I've taken online programming classes in the past, and this is by far the best. Dr. Chuck's curriculum covered concepts, constructs, and the basics of the language in a way that made learning a new language engaging and fun.  Content was covered in a way that kept me engaged (even though I've written a ton of code in VB and C#) while at the same time, the material was presented so that someone with no programming experience at all, could follow along and grasp all of the material ins plain English.I am looking forward to the next course in this series.
This course is an excellent course for anyone thinking of starting programming in Python. The course is well laid out and the testing is great. Trust me when I tell you the Prof is great. I love his conversational style. You feel as if you are in a one on one class. I had some struggles as I try to ingest the milk of Python programming but I think I did well so far. I preferred using the autograder than being assessed by my peers because the autograder can't confuse a 1 with a 0. What you put in is what you get. If I could give this 6 stars, I would.
The course is provides an excellent opportunity for newcomers who are oblivious to programming and who also, at the same time, are enthusiastic about programming (Python) and are willing to take some time off their daily lives and dedicate it to learning such a prominent programming language course. I'd like to extend my sincerest respects to Dr.Chuck (course instructor) for breaking down everything in such a simple manner for everyone's convenience. Would highly recommend that everyone, who's willing to learn Python enroll into this course.

Cheers.
This is a well structured course for people who are beginners and have enough to attract people who have programming experience as well. I am a programmer with legacy background and perl, I enrolled to this course so that I can mentor my juniors at work on python; esp perl to python code conversion and attending this course is immensely satisfying from that objective. I will attend the other courses and probably build some materials so that I can cover the entire course 1-4 in a week.Thanks Dr. Chuck and team from coursera and University of Michigan.
This course is excellent! I loved the course content, the very interactive assignments, and especially the incredible Professor Charles Severance. Professor Severance does an incredible job unfolding programming for beginners, just starting out (like me). The content taught is mainly in the form of videos and the visuals really helped me understand the content very clearly. The assignments and quizzes are made to simply make sure one has been paying attention. They are not hard and not demotivating in the least. I am so very glad I took this course.
Great Professor and I really enjoyed the basic building block approach. It allowed me to learn slowly and completely while I took in all the new material. This was the perfect course for me since I had no prior programming knowledge at all. Thanks Dr. Chuck!The only suggestion I have is to provide more exercises to really cement the lessons, similar to math class back in high school where you had to do multiple problems to see for yourself how different variations of the same types of problems work out. Although I may be alone in wishing for that!
Dr. Severence does a great job of organizing the information in a manner that keeps me engaged, and knows when and how to describe common errors in logic and how to avoid/fix them.  The accompanying text is similarly engaging and informative; it manages to explain quite a few concepts in each chapter, without being an overwhelming amount of information.  I feel I am getting a great functional (vs. heavily theoretical) introduction to programming concepts and the Python language.  The exercises have ingrained the material covered in the lectures.
This is a great intro course for programming.  You will be glad to realize how much you have learned after completing the course.  For a complete novice without any knowledge or experience in the field, it's natural to feel a bit overwhelmed at times because there are so much new materials.  It will require some patience because you're going to get stuck at some point during the assignments but when you figure it out, it feels pretty darn good.  It's a journey and it will take some time so might as well have fun and enjoy the process.  Cheers!!
Great course! If you are new to programming, this is a low stress way to get the knowledge you need to take each step towards learning how and why. I saw a review that said all you do is copy and paste code, I can tell you, I have taken courses like that, this is not that type of course at all. You don't get the answers to problems and just retype them, you have to take them farther on your own; so maybe the course has been updated since then. If you want to learn how to program and want to start at the basics, this is the course to start with.
Hi All,
Thank you so much Prof. Christopher Brooks for his excellent way of presentation of each topic covered in this course. Great experience .... Excellent Mentor. ...This is my first attempt in online learning and joined for a course in coursera. I enjoyed a lot.. I am a beginner in Python programming and I completed the course and completed all the assignments and Quiz with 100% grade. Also the course helped me to acquaint myself with the interesting methods of teaching by which teachers can interact with students through online platforms.
I think the textbook does a great job of explaining things very well. I did not watch any videos so can not comment on them as supplements to the textbook. However, after taking this course, I do feel like I have a good foundation for learning Python and code in general.My only criticism is that the course still uses an older version of Python which has some differences and can make the learning frustrating if you are not aware of those differences. Granted, with a free textbook for an older version this is a minor issue thus far in the series.
Muito bom o curso! O Dr. Chuck é ótimo, muito didático. Os vídeos complementares são incríveis, ensinaram muita coisa. Fazendo todos os exercícios e praticando no próprio computador dá pra fixar bem o que foi ensinado no curso e fazer aplicações, nem que sejam simples. Muito bom!Very good course! Dr. Chuck is great, very didactic. The complementary videos are incredible, they taught a lot. Doing all the exercises and practicing on the computer, you can fix what was taught in the course and make applications, even if they are simple. Very good!
really easy to do even for a 14 year old.I really can't believe that I did this course in less than about 5 hours, and the course was of 7 weeks!Actually somebody gave it to me as a challenge to complete this course in 2 days..... I did it in 5 hours.If you provide me with a special achievement like a special certificate or something else for me as I did it so fast with 100% marks, then it'll be nice.. :-)Thanks for providing me such a beautiful course. I'll be happy if you provide me with some other courses too as financial aid.Thanks again🙂
Dr Charles is really a good teacher in Python. His presentation skills are encouraging for beginners like me in this particular language and it is also enjoyable. I was struggling to learn this language and have searched for several resources online but none of them were able to make me comprehend the basics of Python. I am happy that I have come across this course taught by Dr Charles. I have already completed the first one of the specialization and hoping to continue with the remaining ones which will help me gain valuable skills in Python.
As annoying as the auto-grader was at times, I still enjoyed the course. The material was properly presented and curated which goes to say a lot of blood, tears and sweat was definitely put into the course. I highly recommend this course for beginning programmers and/ or more experienced programmers who many want to familiarize themselves with python syntax or get a refresher.  A big thank you to the team and the initiatives behind this course most especially Professor Severance who has a unique style and engaging style of content delivering.
Awesome instructor and lots of great resources to aid in understanding - such as discussion boards and assignments using the code grader tool. I really liked seeing the instructor interact with the slides. This helped my understanding the concepts. I do not have a programming background although I am in IT operations. The course was very accessible and I look forward to the remaining courses of Python for Everybody.  I recommend it to anyone with no experience in programming looking to get started in Python. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera!
This course is just awesome. Dr.Chuck tries his best to make every concept clear and rememberable.Absolutely this course is a beginner who wants to start the programming. If you are a beginner and have no prior about programming stuff, then the course is for you. Quizzes, assignments, and other exercises help you to understand things thoroughly. Believe me you are going to enjoy the whole lectures .Dr.Chuck has also added some other stuffs which makes this course more interesting. Thank you Dr.Chuck for creating 'Programming for everybody'.
A really nice, gentle introduction to the basics of the Python language. I was already familiar with much of it from previous endeavours at learning to code, so managed to get through each week in about an evening's work, but it didn't 'feel right' to jump into the second course straight away. The last programming assignment caused a little bit of head scratching, and re-highlighted the need for careful, precise thinking when writing even short pieces of code. I've enjoyed this course and will be back for the Data Structures module soon :)
I went into this course not having any previous experience with programming and finished it being able to write some basic code which was tremendously satisfying. The material was presented in a simple enough manner that no experience was needed to get started. While I'm guessing Spyder was not used for simplicity's sake, I would recommend it rather than running command prompt. It picks up on basic errors (like a missing parenthesis) which cuts down on the time you spend running the entire code and then having it fail for something silly.
Great starter course.  Platform has some bugs loading videos and the code editor is very finicky to spaces and tabs even if you write it directly in the assignment editor provided.  Best practice is to use your own editor, run the code in the command prompt like the instructor suggests, and then paste your code from atom or whatever into the assignment editor.  Also, the discussion forums reply section is buggy and wrote my response vertically which was very strange and should get fixed.  Otherwise good course and good pace for beginners.
Great course for a beginner. Instructor and student assistants make sure that you get the basics and (most important) grasp the concepts behind the code. This is very important because next to the keywords and syntax the most crucial thing to be learned is to start "thinking" like a programmer. How to break it down to the necessary incremental steps. I personally like the combination of video lecture, on-line student notes and on-line lab. Getting Python installed locally is a breeze for Windows or Linux. Already enrolled in Course 2!!
This is literally the best course for anyone who is starting with Python as a completely new programming language.It is super easy to flow and can be too easily learned by anyone who has zero background in programming and has tried it for the very first time.Prof. Chuck is the best professor in the lot.I haven't seen anyone do this good of a job.I swear on God he is literally the best teacher at the moment.I had tried my hand on a few Python courses previously but there is no one even close to Prof. Chuck .HE IS THE BEST,NO KIDDING!
I knew almost nothing about programming and now I know a little something! Starts out very easy, and gradually becomes challenging. Nothing too aggravating in the assignments, just don't be afraid to take your time, re-watch the lecture videos, read the chapter, and try to tackle the assignment again. I am preparing to go back to school for a Database Analyst certification at my local college, and I thought this would be a good way to get exposure to the types of languages I'm going to be seeing in the future. On to the next course!
I'm already familiar with coding, in languages like C, C++ and Java. But starting from scratch for a new language like Python was cool. Prof. Chuck engaged the viewer quite effectively and i appreciate that. Solving periodic quizzes helped me be reassured that i knew what was being taught in the course. This course takes its due time to teach us various concepts in Python and in no place did i feel that something was rushed through without proper explanation. So all in all, it's a good course to start off one's journey in Python. .
A very good content with additional inspiring interviews. Names on it, it is getting started course, it is giving foundations of Python. Because I have some programming background in Java, I have completed it in a week without skipping anything. Dr. Charles Severance makes his job very well and more importantly in very enjoying way :). I'm looking forward to taking next Python course from him. Last but not least, very thanks to Coursera for providing us accessing top class courses in free of charge. Best wishes for all from Turkey.
Great intro to Python. I've had some formal training in C++, MATLAB, and I completed the codecademy section of Python a while back. This was a nice re-introduction to Python, but more formal. The only complaint I have is with the grader. I had no issues running my programs from my terminal, but the grader kept giving me indentation issues. Not sure what the problem was, but it was a pain to deal with considering the code worked in other places. Aside from that the lectures are quick and helpful and the examples are helpful as well
I'm very happy because of the way the whole session has made progress. It is easy to understand because of the way things were explained. You are an awesome teacher!!!Just one little/tiny concern i.e. before explaining what is list, I saw the course started using list. If a little insight of list would have been provided in the course, it could have been a 100% complete course.But anyways, without that it's 99.99% satisfactory though. :)Again, thanks for having this very helpful course to build Python base of the learners strong.
thus far, best programming class I have ever taken. Nice mix of humor, he explains what works and what doesn't, why and how to fix it. The programs are geared around at least something along the lines of real word problems. I also love that you are taught straight off how to install python and encouraged to do your assignments on your computer, but if not possible can do it just on the browser until you are ready to turn in, then just copy and paste your code. Another big plus is he introduces command line to get you used to it
Good introduction to Python and programming. I learned the basics of 3 other languages in the 80's (FORTRAN, Pascal and elementary assembly language), so programming is not new for me. Since it has been so long since I have written a program I started with PY4E to dust off the cobwebs.  the video lessons were clear and mildly entertaining - which made it fun to learn. The assignments and quizzes were purposeful, because they help clarify subtleties and encourage practice.I am planning on taking the next course in the sequence.
Great introductory course! I have very "rusty" experience with programming, but I am familiar with logic and computing terms. I feel like if you had very little "command line" experience in your past, you may need to learn a little before starting. But there is enough "walking through" it in this course that you will get it at least through literally doing exactly what's on the screen.The instructor is awesome - great sense of humor, and teaches in a way that doesn't speak "down" to you, or too academic. I enjoyed this course.
I am a programmer for more than 15 years, and took this initiative to learn Python.

Couldn't have chosen a better course to get started. Even though this course is for the beginners, it made me rethink some of the basic constructs of a language afresh.

I had learnt the other languages like C#, Java, JavaScript etc, in a very haphazard manner and as and when required.

This course presents a pleasantly new way of learning a new language. Thanks Dr Chuck, also for all those interesting bonus videos at the end of each chapter!
This is a great and useful course if you want to get started in the programming world. The information is well presented in the lectures as in the book, which has a kind reading. Now that I have learned the basics of programming and I am starting to know this language of Python, I feel more excited to learn more and more to achieve my purpose of working with artificial intelligence in the psychological area. There are many things to come and this course has everything to offer to get you excited about learning more and more.
Amazing and easy to understand. I really enjoyed the methodology and even laughed at some classes. The professor explains everything in a thorough manner, and the teaching staff is always out there to help you as well. It gets even easier to learn if you also try to answer your questions through other means: google, the Python website, the course textbook, etc. I did not have any previous knoledge on any programming language and I surely reccomend this course to anyone willing to learn their way through computer programming.
For me the best thing about the course was Professor Chuck's approach towards teaching programming. Although, I have an engineering background, I had always avoided programming related jobs because my computer science teachers had instilled a fear of programming in me. On the contrary, Professor Chuck made learning python a fun experience which really helped me overcome my fear of programming. Thanks to this course, my confidence grew significantly and I was able to delve deeper into more advanced python programming topics.
Excellent introductory course! The lecturer delivers the course in a progressive way and covers diverse content including the software development background. Some beginners (like me) tend to be easily intimidated by hardcore difficult-to-understand programming languages and lose interest and confidence before even start to write the first line of code. But the ideas proposed by Dr. Severance in the first lesson make me stick to it for a little longer when I am frustrated by having written the wrong code in the assignment.
This course was the first actual course for Programming that I understood.In my college, I had taken classes for C, C++, but never understood.But in this online course, the way Dr. chuck (Charles Severance) explained and maintained a beautiful connectivity , i never felt i was learning a Programming language.Infact, he did not just helped to learn the Python basic, but removed my fear about a programming language by clearing the basics/ concepts that any language would use.Hats off to him for his beautiful, beautiful work.
Learnt basics of Python programming. This is a fantastic course for anyone who comes from a non programming or non computer science background like me. And Dr Charles is an awesome teacher. He makes learning easy by keeping the course interactive and constantly motivating and encouraging students. I, who was always scared of coding, thoroughly enjoyed this course and would love to continue the next courses by Dr Charles. Thankyou so much Professor for teaching us the easiest and the best way to approach problems/questions.
While registering to curse after recommended by my college  I actually thought it could be a typical 
course with lectures and tests.. but I was completely wrong! The course was so interesting that I 
completed it within a week! Dr. Chuck sure knows how to engage students. It has not only engaging 
lectures but also interesting quiz, assignments and office hour videos in which Dr. Chuck lets us 
meet our peers. This is a course where learning meets fun  :)  I highly recommend it to everyone who 
wants to learn coding!!
One of the best course I ever had,I have started this course ti boost my knowledge in programming add mainly I want to do ai as my career so I do this course of python and it is the best course for me ,I found many different thing which are very useful in thi ,and as we all know this is a course from the most reputable university and so there professor are remarkably nice and I love teaching with them and get this knowledge, I am satisfied by doing course and it is more good then I expected so no words for this as well
Hello i am Adan Bae. I am from korea. How are you today!?This class is very very awesome and useful for me!!!Because i wanted to learn the Python, but it is not famous language in korea.So i looked up the class in the MOOC and CourseraFinally i could meet the Dr. Chuck's class. then i tried to hard to understand his class.Because i don't have good English skill. But i did it!! I got it!Thank you Dr. Chuck and Everyone who made this class alot!!I really hope to meet you wherever Korea or America. See you in next class!!
Dr. Chuck presents the subject matter in an easy to understand way.  The overall course design is very well thought out.  The video lectures have excellent graphics; the lectures follow the outline of the text book.  I particularly valued the ability to reschedule my class; if my job and other activities in life get super demanding, it was very nice to know I had flexibility with this course (although I did not exercise it).  I could not be happier with this course.  Well Done Dr. Severance and University of Michigan!
I have always wanted to learn Python and get started towards a new journey in my career. And being a Mechanical Engineer by profession and degree, I always feared whether I would understand programming or not, and I was very confused about where I can start. I am really glad that I chose this particular course, to begin with, and Dr. Chuck Severance is an excellent instructor, and he sort of guided me through all the tiny and granular details of Python in this basic course! I am super excited to start the next phase!
I personally have no background information about programming. For me, this a great introduction to python. I recommend downloading 'pycharm' to run the script without saving numerous time and try to run it on Terminal (Mac). Or you can use ATOM writer to edit the script but to run it you can either tun it in terminal like what the instructor do to practice or by installing terminal package but for me it doesn't work. In long term it is super annoying to do that. PyCharm is free and also tell you what you did wrong.
This introductory course to the Python programming language boosted my confidence in my ability to learn programming for data analysis. Without any prior background in programming and just a bit of algebra several years ago in college, I was able to make it through this course fairly easily. The time estimate for each week accurately reflected the amount of time required for me to complete an assignment. After completing this first course in the Specialization, I decided to sign-up for the entire five-course series.
Clear and to the point introduction to Python. I am glad i took this course. It set solid foundations for continuing on the Python path. I must stress out though the fact that one needs to do the exercises to fully appreciate the work the instructor has put in. During the exercises I would recollect on the lecture and that made it easier to complete the work. For me reading a book alone would not have cut it. I needed Dr. Chuck to explain it the way he did. Looking forward to the second class of the specialization.
This is the first ever programming course for me .It is my good fortune that I started with Python, that many regard as good language to begin with and most importantly the instructor and content of this course, is top class. The way Dr. Charles Severance takes you through this course as to how someone will teach you to walk for the first time, holding your fingers. Some may like this approach, some may not , but for a person like myself who is totally alien to the world of programming, this was the best approach.
Loved the pace and how the lessons were broken down. The buildup from one lesson to another was really good and super great for beginners. I also love how the professor explains a lot of things in a very friendly manner (i.e. not condescending, not too advanced, etc.). The last exercise challenged me quite a bit, but looking through forums really helped. At the end of the day, it at least prepares you on how to deal with getting frustrated with code that doesn't work. Can't wait to get started on the next courses!
Very very good explonation about everything. I liked a lot, that in the first section there is an explanation about hard parts of computer. I think for everyone, who starts coding, it is very important to have this understanding. Charles explaines everything so good and so easy to understand, I could not wish for something better.  For me, as a beginner, this course was very helpful and gave me the feeling, what is it like to code with Python. Looking forward to other parts of Python for Everybody Specialization.
Best course of Python I've taken so far. Tried with MITx's Intro to Computer Science and learnpythonthehardway.org, without success. The learning curve was too steep. This one, on the other hand, progresses slowly and easily, but in the end, after a month or two you find yourself writing short programs in Python, which actually work. Won't make you an expert, but it will help you to understand the general logic of the language, and start coding for real. Took me about a month to finish it. I highly recommend it.
I have to say, this is the best course that is available(according to my research) in any of the online platforms. It has a well-defined structure and everything is so beginner-friendly. The teacher, Professor Charles Severance, amazing guy. When he is teaching, it's like he is talking to you directly and not to a camera. The introduction is so good that it makes you comfortable with the course easily. So, if you are looking to learn Python language and are confused about where to start from, this is the place.
This course is my first encouter with programming and I really enjoy it. The lecturer's way of explanation is very clear and simple. I did not expect to become so interested in it, however, learning Python turned out to be a fresh and great experience. Thanks to Dr Chuck it is real fun to learn Python. You can get through this course even if you think you are not very good at mathemathics (personal experience). I recommend this course to everybody who is interested in beginning their adventure with programming.
A great introduction to basic programming concepts and Python language. The instructor, Dr Chuck, is really good and explains the concepts in a manner easy to understand even for beginners. For me, personally, the bonus material was the most interesting with the expert interviews (look out for the talk with the inventor of Python). The short videos of other Coursera students meeting Dr Chuck helped me feel connected to the student community. Overall, a must-do course if you want to learn programming in Python.
This course is an excellent course for those who know a little bit of programming and also a very good course for those who are just starting to learn programming. The instructor of the course Sir Charles Severance has explained the concepts in a very easy way and the assignments and review questions makes them more clearer. I think that if anyone is looking for a course in Python from scratch he can go with this course and further with the specialization to get all the basic and advanced concepts of Python.
Wonderfully composed and paced course.  Dr. Severance does a fantastic job of scaling technical descriptions from basic terminology up to the specific programming jargon.  The assignments are well detailed, explained, and the technology in the course works well.  The book is free and also a treat because it ties so nicely back into the course materials making is probably the best learning Python book available today based on what I've seen.  Thank you for continuing to support this program.  It is FANTASTIC.
this course is wonderful! It includes so many details that usually a beginner won't notice or understand why can and why can't.This course has helped me to save the time for trial mistakes and taught me to keep a good coding behaviour.After each chapter,there is one or two coding assignments. Every time, I watch the explanation video and compare my codes in my assignment. While there are some codes I don't understand very well during the course video, I'll stop and try the codes.That makes me learned a lot.
Great Python Course for beginners. I wish we had Coursera when I was first learning programming. I am not new to programming but I still found the course very useful to get a head-start with Python language. All credits to Charles to keep the course interesting, informative and at the same time very simple to understand. I would highly recommend this course to anyone new to programming (any language) and Python beginners.Kudos to Prof. Charles and Coursera community for an amazing experience! Best, Suruchi
This is a great course. I've tried many and this is probably my favorite. I read another review about how people didn't like the first lesson of his course but I disagree full-heartedly. You cannot start coding without noting the context or at least, not be good at it. Its like the math component of coding; if you don't know certain calculus and discrete foundations, you will struggle with any type of advanced computer science foundations (AI, data science, etc). Great course, good teacher, all inclusive.
This is definitely a course for someone who is a total beginner to Python and to coding. It was a bit too simple for me (since I have been programming in other languages for many years). But I wanted a course that would take things slowly rather than teach all the syntax of Python in a week or 2, so I am doing the 5 course specialization. Loved the instructor--he is very good at explaining coding in basic terms. This course is perfect for someone who has never coded before and wants to learn from scratch.
It was the best "getting started with python" that I've ever seen! I always like to learn anything slowly but deeply, and this course was a nice start to learn python.Thank you Dr Severence....And about coursera, I'm from Iran and I hope coursera will add my country to its countries name for whom that want a certificate...I do not understand its word: "learning for everybody" how can be possible when it neglects some people!I liked everything about this course, but I do not like this about whole coursera.
This is the course I've been missing for the past few years as I tried to learn Python through other "Fundamentals" courses. Here Dr. Chuck really takes it slow and explains all the concepts. In other courses they might have 2 or 3 really basic lessons and then speed picked up to where I was lost. Not here. A couple of the assignments got a little challenging, but mentors gave hints to get me on the right path. Highly recommend for anyone new to programming or (like me) who never felt confident about it.
It is a well-explained course especially for beginners. If it is your first time learning to program you will not feel like you are struggling to understand anything. And if you have some experience with programming I assure you that you will never feel bored at any point in the course.Every week of the course Dr. Chuck will explain a chapter from the book "Python for Everybody: Exploring Data in python three". So, I recommend you to read the chapter after watching the videos and before taking the quiz.
This is the first MOOC I've completed since I started enrolling to various ones in 2013. Professor Severance is very easy to listen to and he makes the discussion easy to comprehend for total beginners like me. The course is not as rigorous as I expected it to be but it covered the basics of Python. This course is truly great for those who doesn't have a programming background that needs to have an appreciation of programming for their work. I will continue working on the specialization after this one.
This was an excellent course. The title implies anyone (to include those
 with no prior programming knowledge) can do it. Thankfully, that proved
 to be true. I do consider myself tech savvy but I have never spent 
anytime learning a programming language until now. The book was nice to 
have, heck, even free for Kindle or downloadable PDF at the time I took 
the course. Dr. Chuck breaks down the book and makes it so simple and 
laid back... I look forward to the next part of his Python 
specialization!
I am very glad at this course. The teacher was very interesting and friendly. He teaches us in a friendly way,in the most effective way. And in future I want to learn more from coursera. I think we are blessed to get a platform like coursera. The beat part is , it is arranging many type of courses for us. And I was sponsored by my university (BUET). After all thanks my university for offering this type of course in free. I want to give thanks for the next courses that I am going to take from coursera.
Love the course! thank you so much for your help. Some feedback would be to have something in the corners of code written saying true statement code or false statement code if the code is faulty. I take notes by taking pictures of the example and in reviewing them I had to go back to the video to remind myself some codes presented as an example were false and faulty. Other then that I had a blast and I was always happy to take a class due to how fun and well explained everything was. Thank  you again!
I love this course and it deserves reviewing because the teaching content provided by Dr Charles is easy and quick to understand so that I could figure out how to apply those reserved words for assignments after one or two times studying.  I think this course is worth the best praise and sets a good example for e-education courses. Thank you, Dr Charles, you managed to make lessons lively, active and methodical like a suspense film that always makes me desperately desire to know what is the next step.
The course was excellent, I had done a small amount of programming on my own before this but never went over the computer science aspect so I'm glad we had a few intro videos lightly touching on that. (I also picked up a few additional things like try/except and the break/continue function) In the future i would like to see the answers given to the quizzes after each quiz is completed. Other then that the course was excellent and i will continue to take them. Prof. Severances videos were very helpful.
This was the best programming course I've taken. I have taken a few programming courses before and never finish them. This one I actually finished and actually learned a lot from it. Dr. Severance is the best professor I have ever taken a class from. He really is very thorough in what he is teaching. He explains things multiple times in multiple different ways for you to understand exactly what he is talking about. You never feel lost while taking this class, everything is so engrained into your head.
Took this course after a 20 year gap from first learning to program in college. It's a great refresher, easy to follow and explained very well by Prof Severance. One note, the course is an introduction to programming with a backdrop of Python, not an intro to Python and how it differs from other coding languages. That's probably obvious to many, but I realized this a little late. I guess I was initially searching for a more advanced course, but glad that I landed here to start on a firmer foundation.
It has been an amazing journey so far with learning Python programming. I am enjoying this learning process a lot. Also, I would like to mentioned that Charles Severance has been teaching the subject in really an interactive way where he asks to pause the video to brainstorm on certain problem and then come back to the video where he explains the solution in a step by step way. Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan for giving me this opportunity to do this course and giving me the financial aid.
It was a fantastic learning experience. This is apparently my first online course on Coursera and what a way to start with Dr. Chuck's class. He was fantastic, always interesting and never boring/distracting even for a bit. The way he handled the lectures was definitely a testament to how experienced he is, in handling first-time programmers/learners of a new language/script. I am sure I would take a lot of courses in the future. Already looking forward to my next one, as I write this review. Cheers!
This is a great course for beginners! I have a background in biology, but no prior programming experience. I have been interested in learning more about the intersection of these two fields, so this course was a great starting point.  I cannot stress enough that this was a very high quality and well-designed course! The online lectures are very good and the professor is great at explaining concepts for beginners. I thoroughly enjoyed learning about this topic and completing the practice assignments.
Absolutely amazing. I would not be surprised if people found that as an understatement. The instructor is enthusiastic and well versed in his field. He ensures that all the necessary details and knowledge required is given out to the students in the most professional and engaging manner. If you are new to programming , then look no further , for you have found the perfect place to start . I am so excited and cannot wait to progress further in this specialization course. My thanks to you Dr. Charles.
This course is terrific for beginners.  I have never programmed anything in my life, but the instruction was great and definitely suited for someone who has never had exposure to Python (or programming, more generally speaking).  Thumbs up to Dr. Chuck for creating a terrific learning experience (great videos, web content, even a downloadable textbook).  I wanted to learn Python, and deciding which Python course to take on Coursera was difficult, but I have no regrets about enrolling in this course.
Great work done by the instructor Doctor Charles Severance, Thank You!It is the best course of the beginners who want to start learning python, it covers basic condition, function, loops and iteration , material are very easy, teacher explained each and every topic in an easy way, easy to understand, exercise and quiz are easy to attempt all are according to the course contents. I will recommend to add more practice exercises. Overall it is the best course for the first step towards learning python.
This course is ideal for people who has no prior programming experience. As the professor says himself, this is a course you should take before any introductory course in programming, as the professor guides you through the intuition and logic behind the core aspects of any programming language. The assignments can be challenging, but they are doable. If you want to have a first approach to programming while having no prior experience, this is a must to take. Plus, the professor is really engaging!
I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Python from scratch. I was new to programming and this course has helped me think like a programmer. Even though I paused halfway through the course for a lengthy period, I was able to return to it and complete it successfully. I will be continuing on to do the second part of the course because the tutor has superior teaching skills. I've now started learning C programming through a weekly evening class and I'm finding it quite easy.
This course is well-explained and detailed. The sections flow from one to another without issue. The final programming assignment requires the student to put the different pieces together and is more comprehensive than previous sections. Always try to diagram / flowchart your process to help you through this course. It is enjoyable once you're able to get through it. I would highly recommend this course for aspiring Python programmers. I'm sure it's more basic for those with programming experience.
I am a parent with programming experience with C++ and PHP. I take this course together with my 14 years old daughter. I wish her to learn Python and I am sort of safeguard her along the way. She has no prior experience with any computer language and programming. But she is doing fine. She has picked up Python language rules and overcome minor problem by herself. The course is very beginner friendly. I am now progressing into the next course: Python Data Structure, and my daughter is still with me.
Taking this course was like hitting a fortunate reset button for me because I had already taken some programming courses at the National University of Colombia, but I didn't quite understand some details in the most basic structures. I am very happy with how I understand python now, but more importantly, I feel that there is a lot of fun in building code that I am really excited about going forward. Thanks a lot professor Chuck! , you are indeed one of those people changing the world for better :D
it is very very super and lovely course i got and i ubgrade my knowlege using this course thanks!!it is simple and best for those programers . it have different practice activities and also quize out of 10 which is good to test my understanding of the course. if i give soo much aprciation to this course ,i am happy but i am not efficient in english that is why i say this comment only. anyways python is my faborite subject after this i will learn different programs using python programing. thanks!!
I think the video where the professor uses the "cd", "pwd", and "-l ls" commands could use some brief explanation, because explanations for arguably more obvious things are provided in the lectures, yet these new commands are suddenly used in quick succession and could catch an absolute beginner off guard. At least that's how I remember it. Maybe there was a brief explanation there. If not, it could be accomplished via a pop-up textual comment, which would minimize the need to edit course content.
I want to say that if you are interested in starting programming, but you are not sure what programming language you want to learn first, then you can learn basics of Python in this course. This course was recommended to me by my friend and I am glad that I took my time to complete it and it will surely help me in my future studies. The instructor is very good, his explanations are very clear. I don't think that I have encountered any problems during this course, so I am going to give it 5 stars.
This course does indeed open doors of python programming for everyone. For beginners, it is outstanding and not only for its content but also for the way its been taught. Dr. Charles Severance made the learning path so much easier and fun to go with. His passion for sharing the knowledge makes him connect effectively with all the new-comers. It almost felt as if I was being personally tutored by him.I would highly recommend this to beginners who wants to get into python programming from scratch.
I took the Python Specialization, which included this course, so I'm going to provide the same review for each of the component courses.I think this is an excellent course for beginning programmers. Python is a great language for someone starting out - easy to learn - with a lot of power available for more advanced projects (e.g., machine learning).But, most of all, you have to love Dr. Serverance. I can't think of a more entertaining and enjoyable person to teach programming. Thanks, Dr. Chuck.
Dear Sir, Thank you for teaching. I think we should include more exercises and peer review for actual programs (like done in second week)The course overall was satisfactory and I think it gives us students confidence to go ahead and complete next courses. (i really needed to feel comfortable after first course since I have worked in sales, maintenance, application and product management of laboratory instruments for almost 10 years, so I don't really have a typical computer science background )
I already started with an educational book about python, it made me complete this course rather fast i think but i went over a lot of details which were not really explained in that book. So to learn the very basics this course is absolutely great. btw the book was this one and i still recommend it as well....(https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1593277954/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1593277954&linkCode=as2&tag=playwithpyth-20&linkId=18a80d666d24cc13bf52ff57fb72a632
This is THE best course for beginners. I love the way Dr. Chuck has taught Python programming. His lectures are very interesting and easy to understand and the entire course has been a lot of fun with all its quizzes and programming assignments. His book is as great as are his lectures.  I am looking forward to learning more about python through his courses. This is just the type of course that I was wanting to do for some time and I am lucky I found this through Coursera! Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Learned a lot about programming in Python, the mentor Dr. Severance put the lessons in such a way that they could be understood with ease, and I could design my code with no problems. The occasional humour is cheerful and creates a very natural-atmosphere like any other college class with your favourite teacher. The class also has a very motivational atmosphere too, Dr. Severance really develops a can-do attitude among students. Really considering enrolling in the second course of this series
This course laid the foundation for me in programing. I have learnt a lot from Dr. Chuck, Mentors and from my peers. Timely assistance from mentors and my peers helped me a lot in learning python. Textbook material plus classnotes provided by Dr.Chuck and his team further helps in learning. If anyone learning this course ,I recommend read textbook and class notes after watching the videos and then start with assignments. I am glad I took this course and highly recommend others to do the same.
This course was way better than I expected. For someone that wasn't a beginner, but hadn't touched programming for almost 5 years it was a nice way to get back in touch with essential concepts even if they were in a slightly different language than the one I knew. Very good structure, even though I believe functions should appear later than iteration, but anyway very good effort, amazing teaching and very detailed tutorials. I enjoyed the quizzes and exercises as well. Keep up the good work!
Though I run though the book for basic knowledge about how to write python code, I still wondered what meaning each code has and how each code actually work in computer program. This course helped me to understand that point. I will continuously study next modules and want to get able to utilize python for real job. And also, I was impressed with system which shows text for teacher's explanation, sophisticated assignment system, and a lot of tips and tools.Thanks a lot for meaningful course.
I've started three other courses on python and while none of them were bad, this one was the only one that I completed. I have a background in sql programming so syntax and operations weren't brand new, but I had always struggled diving into any more than basic data pulls. I was able to get through this course very quickly and at the end felt very comfortable that I could start solving problems in python. I'm looking forward to the rest of the courses in the Python for Everybody certificate.
A great introduction into fundamental concepts in Python. Dr. Chuck is a perfect teacher, funny, competent and engaging. You will watch the videos in no time! Also, the electronic version of the book is free and covers every problem you can possibly come across in this course. My recommendation: install Python on your computer immediately after enrolling and track the differences between Python 2 (course version) and Python 3. For example, instead of using "print x", you will use "print(x)".
I'm very much thankful of Coursera and University of Michigan to let me opt this wonderful course. I highly recommend this course to each and every person wants to start learning programming. Because as python is best language to begin with, this course is best for begin learning python. Instructor Dr. Chuck ws the best mentor for me, he explains each and everything very nicely that everybody could understand. I'm so glad that I completed this course or had a chance to complete this course.
This has to be one of the best beginner course of Python on the internet! The instructions given by Charles Severance  were clear and concise. The videos never felt boring as each video prompted me to try different things in python to solve the problems shown in them. If given enough dedication and focus, one can complete this course within 2 weeks! I sincerely thank the Instructor, University of Michigan and Coursera for making it possible for foreign students to receive quality education.
Before entering this course, I was scared because I failed my python course last semester, because the teacher sucks, so I got insecure about enrolling. But Dr. Chuck inspired me a great deal since the beginning, and his teaching method is really the best I've seen in my life because I came from a developing country where teachers are ... disappointing and it's sad, I don't hate it I just feel sad about it. Overall, amazing course, though only basics, fantastic teacher! Thank you Coursera.
The instructor is very enthusiastic and you will never get bored, teaching is very good, even if you are new to programming you will not stuck in this course. For me I have basic knowledge of python prior to this course and took this course for further courses ahed and to get Certificate, but i would say even I knew everything in this course I was not bored at all but yeah I skipped some parts in it. Overall I would say go for it, it's a good course for python and explanation is very good.
Very helpful,

Learned all the fundamentals of python programming.

totally satisfied with the course content and it also helped me extremely by clearing all my doubts, as well as course got a clear perspective,
to how to use python is a practical point of view.Also got historical knowledge about the evolution of python and about it's creators.
thank you to prof. Severance

for everythingHe is an great teacher and understands the way of delivering the knowledge to the beginners.Keep it up.
I loved every minute, thank you. For me the fact that I could download the videos, watch them without Internet connectivity, complete the Quizzes and assignments on-line made this course stand out above others.The content started from knowing nothing to more advanced at a slow pace in order for all to follow, this is great.  Paying monthly $49 made the specialization course affordable for me living in South Africa.I thank you for the a great course, looking forward in completing the rest.
Very nicely designed starter for Python learners! I'm in finance and only got little programming background in Matlab and VBA, and this course helps me to know the basic structure of this programming language. Professor Chuck not only knows programming, but also knows how to teach the methodologies clearly to ordinary people. This Getting Started with Python gives me the confidence to deal with the future Python questions and I will continue with the next courses. Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
Honestly, this course is great for beginners. The instruction is explicit and clear and very structured. The textbook is very useful to understand the basics of programming language. I also like the assessment combining quizzes and hands-on exercise to get familiar with the coding process. Plus, the bonus part enhanced the connected learning and informal learning practice, and also increases the instructor presence. The pace is just right and the workload is perfect. Love this course!!
What a fantastic course! Every element is explained from the perspective of the way python processes the code, so you get a solid set of 'first principles' to work with. The videos use excellent simple examples, which are then extended as the topics become more complex, so you get the sense of really building from the ground up.  Chuck Severance is clearly a pedagogical master. How lucky we are to have access to his teaching from all over the world (Australia specifically, in my case)!
This is a fantastic course that takes people from a whole spectrum of experience, at their own pace, from introduction to computing and programming through to writing basic Python programmes.  I believe that I could work with my 9 year old daughter to get through this course.  If you have never programmed before, you will be amazed by what you will achieve on this course through the lectures, self study reading and community support.  YOU CAN DO IT!!  I'm enrolling for the next module!
As a consequence of lockdown, I wanted to learn the basics of coding and programming. This is an amazing course, I understood everything from scratch and genuinely enjoyed doing it. Not only that, but I can also practically apply this knowledge in financial analysis. I have a long way to go as a programmer but I surely love what I studied and can apply it to my work as well. The teaching style of the professor is also commendable. It seems personal even though these are video lectures
I love this course very much. Before I started this course, I thought Python was difficult to learn because I knew nothing about programming, but the teacher made it easy and interesting to understand. I am thankful for Professor Charles for his contribution to the course. This course totally inspires me and makes me want to explore more on python and programming. It's so awesome. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is a beginner of Python or programming to learn this course.
Getting started with Python is a friendly and well-structured way to start learning python language. I think this course is very helpful for people that have no notions in python or even in programming language. Maybe, I could give a biased review knowing my knowledge in computer programming since few years ago, But, still it was very good to refresh concepts and start learn another language. In addition, Pf. Severance  has a really good pedagogy to give virtual courses. Recommended!
This course was nothing short of phenomenal. If you have not been in a classroom setting for a while, or if you have never committed to online education before, don't worry! This is absolutely the class for you if you are considering embarking on your journey of learning how to code Python. Good luck to all that attend this class. I would also like to thank the University of Michigan and Dr. Charles Russell Severance for an amazing experience and a quality education from this class.
This is the first course I have taken in Coursera and I want to say only
 one thing about this course that "You don't have to know any 
programming language and you don't require any kinda skills to start 
this course even though you don't require any kinda knowledge in terms 
of this sector. You can start from zero levels which are going to lead 
you a not the infinity level but a level where you can know python, 
where you can be a programmer on python " SO just enroll the course.
Dr Chuck is amazing. I loved his teaching style. Before this also I tried programming but learning was never so easy and interesting. The course content is awesome. I am from mechanical background, did not have any programming background but still i never felt any difficulty while during assignments or understanding the lecture. The syllabus, Quiz and assignments are planned very well. Thank you Coursera and Dr Chuck. I would like to continue learning python with coursera/Dr.Chuck.
This course helps a non programmer understand the basic ideas of programming using python. It is extremely easy and is probably the first step for anyone into programming. Apart from explaining the concepts in an easy to understand manner, the exercises also help confirm that understanding with an auto-grade feature. The course also has some really interesting Bonus chapters which gives you a background on how it all started as well as interviewing some really interesting techies!
Outstanding Course for a newby. All about programming. Lectures and problems are clear and relate directly to the subject not related topics like statistics and other disciplines which add nothing to the Python and Python programming focus. Dr. Severance has built a great specialization here. Problems can be challenging but doable within the time frame represented by the course description (give or take a couple hours on some of the more challenging ones. I've learned alot! Thanks
4.5/5.0. Thank you for this! Charles is a great instructor, the explanations were great. I took another python introductory course prior to this and this really built on that foundation. Recommend this to anyone who wants to start their path into python. I'm personally taking the Python specialisation from UoM and I'm so excited to begin on the 2nd course! Would have given a full 5/5 if the course materials were provided to be downloaded so we could reference it whenever we want.
Great course, got me excited about learning more. The instructor, Dr. Severance, is easy to follow, entertaining, and has a knack for explaining concepts simply.  It can seem to be going a little slow but I think that's intentional to force the student to really absorb the concepts. More assignments would be helpful and some multi-unit assignments that help the student put several concepts together would be great. This feels like a topic that you only really get through practice.
Excellent engaged and engaging instructor!  Dr. Chuck is entertaining and informative at the same time, highly recommend.  I've learned so much already--I had some prior programming experience so watched "Getting started" on 1.5x speed but still learned things I didn't know.  He really starts from the beginning and fills in any gaps you may not realize you have even if you've already coded before, and gives a great foundation to anyone who doesn't have previous coding experience.
very interesting course by Dr.Chuck. It took me a week to master the basic of Python as I have experience in Java and C++. Still, I recommend this course to those who are new to computer programming. The course explains the core of computer programming language clearly and class assignments are all well designed. I especially enjoy the video of Dr.Chuck talking with all those successful developer in computer science industry. What they share in the video is genuine and inspiring.
Fantastic course!  Dr Chuck is great at explaining things simply and efficiently. His examples and way of seeing programming and computers really helped me to understand concepts.  The exercises build on the lessons but don't always mirror them, which is a great way to learn.  I found it easy at first, then by the last lesson slightly difficult - this is my first programming language and I am a complete neophyte. I really appreciated this course and look forward to the next one!
Fantastic course. I took 6.001 (Intro to Computer Science) at MIT 25 years ago and haven't done much programming since then. I want to help my kids learn some programming and thought Python would be a good start. I tried a few different courses and then got to this one which is perfect. Dr. Chuck explains everything so well and he's very enjoyable to watch with just the right mix of humor. The quizzes and assignments are well-designed to help ensure you understand the material.
I have tried a few basic programming courses before, but failed to go beyond the first lecture. I found them difficult to comprehend and felt discouraged to learn programming. But then, I came across this course and it got me excited to learn programming again. From the first lecture to the last, the instructor covers different important concepts in the way that anyone can understand. The book is also easy to read. I strongly recommend programming newbies to check this one out.
The teaching pedagogy of Prof. Charles is awesome. He made his class so interactive via his delivery and communication skills, on an online platform was very impressive and very helpful, to carry on. Course content was equally good and Professor made us learn that very well. After attending this I am really interested to apply some course to be taught in Michigan under Prof. Charles, himself in near future. It was a great experience with lots of new learning. Thanks a lot Sir.
Greetings to All Professors!!!!It was really very useful for me. Prof. I am really thankful , because it was my first hand try in programming. I used to think like I will never understand the language of programming  ever. but the way u explained (in a very easy and crisp form )was amazing. Hope u to contribute more good work in future. Wishing you and your family  a  happy and health life ahead.......With Regards....Kalpana Hazarika, M-IEEE, Faculty-GCET, Greater Noida, India
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python). This is the first programming course I have done where right from the beginning I have been getting those feelings of "I get it". Normally I am thinking you do not necessarily have to understand all this, just remember it. I hope I can remember all this syntax. Obviously the equanimity and ken of the distinguished teacher has a lot to do with the level of . understanding. So thank you sir, I highly recommend this course
The course provides a very general and complete background knowledge of python, starting with the very basics that everyone, after some practice, can understand. More interestingly, there is a sequence of videos showing you how different tech start-ups came into being, including the python languages itself. Moreover, these videos are interviews of Dr. Severance (course lecturer) and founders of these start-ups, including the father of python of course. So that's pretty cool.
I joined this course to start learning Python. Although I know how to write code in other script languages (Not a full time programmer) I decided to start from the beginning so I won't miss syntax differences.I'm really glad I did take this course because although the main subjects were familiar to me I learned a lot about how to approach Python and some of the syntax differences it has compared to other languages I know.I'm now going to start the next course in this series!
Excellent introductory course to programming using Python. Basic programming constructs like control flow, definite/indefinite loops and exception handling are covered. The instructor does a good job of highlighting some common errors which beginning programmers may make. The course also includes some general info on how computers work. Note that this is very much a beginner's course (as stated); somebody with any programming background will find this course highly trivial.
It was a good initial course to review overall functions of python, I would have preferred a much more full time visual based course. Watching lectures might be helpful for some and they are in college, those of us whose learning is hindered by lecture and instead we love watching the teacher type as he teaches those are higher quality interactions for me mentally.Thank you professor for having lots of well edited videos and hand stylus lectures.This is very helpful for me.
Thank you Dr Chunk, it's a definite course for Everybody.  Your ability to put complex knowledge in easy to understand manner is simply amazing.  Learned a great deal from you. Complete all the first 3 parts, except not able to submit the quizzes and now half-way through the 4th: Using Databases with Python.I have even get my teenage boy to enroll into this course and highly recommend it to my girl who is in the uni.Thank you once again, greatly appreciated!Bob 20170215-SGT
A great course to get started with programming in general and with Python in particular.As stated in the abstract, this course is addressed to those who have no experience in programming. However, even if you have some experience but are not familiar with Python (as it was my case), you can take this course quickly (speed x1.50) in order to learn the basic sintax of Python and catch up for the following courses in the specialization.Really clear teacher. Highly recommended!
I started taking a for-credit online course on Python through the UC Berkeley Extension, but found both that it didn't explain the basics, and that the actual content was sparse. I was very grateful to find this specialization, with the wonderful Charles Severance as the instructor! He's a very clear teacher, and charming besides.I loved course #1 of the specialization, and look forward to course #2, which lines up with the UC Berkeley course. Let's learn Python, shall we?
It was a great experience for me learning this course as it was neither too easy nor too hard to understand the basics of python for someone first learning about the language. And thanks a lot to Dr. Chuck whose lecture was just too awesome to ignore. He made me (a biology student) love the subject which I only dreamed about in my imaginary world. Thank you so much Coursera, University of Michigan and last but not the least Dr. Charles R. Severance for making it possible.
Incredible course. The platform was amazing and the format as well. Special thanks to the slitherin teacher, he has a special gift to teach. I had a great time and learned everything in less than a week, thanks to the amazing teaching techniques applied. Best regards from Argentina in COVID-19 times. I am a Mathematics student from the Uniersidad de Buenos Aires and this is my first time programming, found a new passion partly thanks to you guys, I'll be grateful forever.
At the very outset let me thank Coursera for providing me this opportunity. The course was very interesting and enjoyed so much that I sat down for the course  continuously for 6 hours daily. I look forward to participate in more such courses or a degree course, if given an opportunity with financial help as given for this course. I wish to remain a part of Coursera. Once again thank you very much to the entire team of Coursera and Professors.Thanks.SincerelyMohd Asim Ali
The Paython cource is a very simple I can't imagin how much am I happy...thise course gaider is friendly tech every code and most importantly I want to say he not make a bour while you learning a paython language ..He's give you interesting example ..Mostly I like an  example that Function defination many animals knows many languages so if talk language that he knows after he will give you some response ..that mean different functions work are different output..Thanks 😎
This course provides a basic introduction to the Python language and its usage. Besides that all course materials are online and easily accessible, I very much appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm about the field and clarity about the application of this language. Last, it is indeed a great idea to have interviews with many interesting figures in the Data science and Python community. Glad to know that this course has a global network through the office hours as well!
Helps in understanding the basic concepts of programming with the help of more general beginner specific programming language python. Gives a deeper insight about how the functionality of logical and mathematical statements interpretation by a machine and expands out thinking about various control structures. Increases ones interest in programming and developing self skills like self thinking, optimizing and testing of different working models in a programming language.
Dr. Severance is great. He introduces you to coding in a way that is non-intimidating and feels completely natural within a couple of weeks. Instead of dreading class I found myself excited about attending everyday and was able to progress faster than the course outline due to his extremely clear and supportive teaching method. I'm already reading data from files and it isn't even covered until the next course. If you take this class, read the book and you will do well.
Charles Severance is the first teacher to slow down enough that I understood each and every element introduced. It's so much more appreciated at these beginning, easy levels rather than for complex ideas. When starting on a totally new way of thinking, it really helps to have 'obvious' things explained in full. Not everyone will need to slow down as much, but if you're just starting out, it can't hurt! Looking forward to more complicated ideas approached the same way!
Programming is made truly accessible for everyone in this course! I'm not a computer scientist by formal education, so I was a bit hesitant about taking a foreign language (Python). To my delight, the videos are engaging and make you want to progress further into the material. I want to write scripts and am proud to say that I can run Python from my command prompt :D! Thank you Coursera; Thank you University of Michigan; and last but certainly not least -- Thank you D
This was an excellent course for teaching me the basics of python at a comfortable pace that was digestible enough for me to come away with just the right amount of key takeaways from each lesson.The assignments also presented just enough of a challenge each time to really hammer in my understanding of the previous lesson, without making me feel overwhelmed and lost.I think most importantly, this course has me eager to keep learning! I can't wait to jump into Part 2!
At 46, learning programming has been difficult and often find myself discouraged (grumpy).  I've bought books and considered gambling thousands of dollars on local courses.  I'm so glad I went with Coursera. I chose this course after watching a video.  Wow, Thank you to Charles Severance and the University of Michigan for an truly amazing, and well put together program. I've been at this for a few years and I'm finally making progress thanks to this course.  Amazing.
The very first course is well organized so that you won't have much problems if you follow the instructions strictly  and can learn well and thus form a solid foundation about Python. Besides, Dr. Chuck is very humorous and teaches well. What's more, he gives students like me who has none program experience before a lot of encouragement which is very vital for us to build confidence in learning program. I guess it is my favorite point about this introductory course.
I audit this course. As I am a student studying computer science already, this course is too easy for me.Mr.Charles shows a great understanding of the programming and he exactly knows how to lead a new learner to understand the concept of programming.Step by step, I still got a lot of things learned.I definitely would support this course but I am in lack of money because I am just a poor student.In short, this is a very nice course for new guys step to programming.
Great course for beginners, well structured and really well presented by Charles Severance! I loved how he presented the logics of programming in python, pretty straight forward and applied (not wandering much around stuff you don't need to understand if your aim is just to get started). Great job and thanks a lot, Charles! I'll surely recommend it to friends, also thinking about helping out with translation to Portuguese. Worthy the time, don't wait to take it. ;)
I really had good time learning this course. And this course instructor Charles Severance gave amazing details and intro towards programming, many lecturers just go with direct definitions and concepts present in some textbook but don't go with simplicity. Many new students need something that is simple and clear so I think sir Charles is best in doing that and hes my favourite lecturer now. If the courses are this fun and interesting I wouldn't mind paying for it.
I really enjoy the design of Coursera and appreciate the materials provided by University of Michigan. This is the beginning of Python, but it motivates me to want to learn more about this skill. Video lectures are easy to follow up--they come with subtitle of different languages. The third party python tool is quite useful for you to do exercise and get insight of how to get familiar with this intelligent programming tool. I'm looking forward to keep studying it!
I highly recommend this course for those people who has basically no coding experience. I took some programming course like financial computation using MATLAB in college, but I did learn it well and that was not a happy experience. But this course, you can learn everything about python from a very beginning level. If you watch the lecture video carefully, you can finish the assignment easily. In the meanwhile, you start your very first step to become a programmer.
This course has helped in learing the subject that i was interested with ease and Dr. Chuk's way of approaching and interacting with students is really great. And the way he explians every topic, spoon feeds us with best examples and also, interacting with students from around the world, And interviewing the greatest personalities and letting us know the importance of programming and also python. And still more courses  to learn from this platform in less time..!
This was an excellent course. It's easy to understand and all the tools are provided by Dr. Chuck and his excellent staff of TAs and mentors. I like Dr. Chuck's style of teaching, and his belief that everyone should learn to code in a computer language in our modern world is a worthy goal. I highly recommend this course both to experienced programmers who want to learn Python and to novices who want to learn programming (though it's better suited for the latter).
Thank you sir i am first time i had done any course online and this was a wonderful experience  .Very good introduction to basic programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background - but still extremely useful to quickly and efficiently learn python basics. Dr. Chuck has a special ability to teach programming to people who doesn't necessarily have programming background and very very thanks for Dr. Chuck for your efforts..
I wrote zillions of lines of Fortran 30 years ago, did a bit of C++ 20 years ago just to understand what object programming was, and... that's it. So at the same time it was very basic for an experienced programmer but excellent pedagogy and ideal to get your environment installed and have a hand on the basic syntax. Some of the ways notions are introduced are excellent and I would have loved to have a similar course on Fortran when I started. Congratulations...
One of the best programming courses to get started. Python should be the #1 choice for anyone who's willing to kick start their journey to programming. Plus, Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor. He takes his time to explain the material well. The lectures are easy to follow but the assignments might seem a bit challenging some times. However, the assignments are not impossible and if you try you'll definitely will be able to do it. I highly recommend this course.
This is probably one of the best(if not the best) course I have come across in Coursera on Python. The instructor, Mr. Charles is definitely an expert, not only in Python as a computing language, but also in the art of teaching. I have always looked forward to the next tutorial every time, and now i can't begin to start the next course under this specialization. In case if anybody is looking to learn Python, this is definitely the course/specialization to take.
This was a great course!  I don't know where else you can learn to program; seemingly other programming courses assume that you already know another programming language.  This course takes you from knowing nothing to knowing the basics and prepares you for learning more about Python.  It was an enjoyable experience, Prof Severance is very relaxed and uses ordinary language. I bought his book, which I believe can also  be downloaded for free, which was helpful.
I just love Mr.Chuck <3 I've tried many online videos about programming. Among them, only this instructor could get all my attention. He is friendly, modest and he tries to teach in fun ways. You won't get bored with the lessons as he explains everything in much easier ways. I would recommend everyone, specially those who do not have any programming experience but want to learn, too afraid to take a leap in this amazing world of coding, should take this course.
I took a Introduction to Python course with Learning Tree that cost $2,500 and took Python for Everybody with Coursera an absorbed and learned much more with Coursera. I have absolutely no programming experience and I was able to pick up the language well by reading all assignment and completing all practice exercises. I also toyed around with the code on my own with my own programs and learned to enjoy it. I am taking the entire specialization now. Good luck.
I was encouraged to take this course as an introduction to the world of programming. I am a novice programmer who has no formal training. This course was both fun and engaging. While challenging at times, generally any feedback I needed had already been discussed on the discussion boards. A simple search for the error you encounter should help you to independently debug your script and develop the flow of execution described in the prompt for each assignment.
The very first thing that i must say is that the professor Charles is exceptionally well..i could not understand the programming concepts with so much ease before this..the teaching style is great and the slides give every key information about what is being taught so you can capture screenshots and make notes with help of it..and the assignments help you to practice what you've learned...so overall a great course!Thank you Coursera.Thanku Professor Charles.
Full marks to the instructor Dr. Chuck. The course was very well designed and the way Dr. chuck communicated and gave examples, it all made great logic and instilled confidence in me. Not to forget, I have been a very bad programmer since school and did not have much knowledge and confidence before this course. But now I feel much comfortable in learning further and other programming languages as well. Thank you so much Coursera and Dr. Chuck for the course.
A good introduction to programming
with Python. The instructor Dr. Chuck has a special ability to teach programming
to people who do not have a programming background. This course is a very great
start-up for beginners. Everything is broken down into parts making it easy to
understand. Whoever had no programming experience this course help him/her to
understand this language. Thank you, Sir Charles, for making this python course
interesting and informative.
This course is pretty awesome! Chuck sir's explanation is super cool, anybody can master this course ,if anybody teach's like Chuck sir. And this is my first ever online course . I've loved the course each and every topic is explained so clearly and i have done programming without any hesitation like "my code is not going to work". I am super excited to look forward for the continuation of this specialization and many other courses too. Thank you coursera !
The way professor Severance teaches and transits the subject is exceptional and makes the course too easy for anyone who wants to learn.The course itself, for a complete naive like me, had very good pace and at the end I found it very easy.By reading the accompanied book you have more details and it’s essential to read it also and solve the exercises and not just see the videos in Coursera.It was a very good first step for me in the Python language. Thanks!
This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting. This one wasn't like that by far. He was interesting and even funny at times.
During the first assignment, I was taken aback by being given something to solve that was a bit more advanced than what had been learned up to that point, but this was great, because it gave me time to try a couple of things, to see what works, and what doesn't. Felt a bit sad when I struggled, but when I finally succeeded I felt great, and confident in solving related problems. It is really great to learn by making mistakes and trying to figure stuff out.
This class was very well done. I really enjoyed Dr. Chuck's explanations and the way the class flowed. I do wish it covered a bit more at a slightly accelerated rate.  However, this may be because I'm used to the usual college class intensity.  With that said, I don't have any complaints. I feel like I learned a lot of useful information . I believe this class has laid a good foundation for what is to come.  I would strongly recommend this class to others.
This course offers a good exposure to the fundamentals of Python for the non-programmers.The instructor is engaging and delivers the material in a crisp manner. The only part of the course that can be improved is the length of lectures.Many lectures are longer than 6 mins  and most cross the 10 min barrier. They can be broken down into smaller lectures , but the engaging presentation by the instructor ensures that no boredom seeps in at any point in time.
Great course for new and experienced programmers alike looking to add Python to their toolbelt. If you're a self-taught programmer, the course can provides you with some basic vocabulary about programming idioms that you may not have had the words for previously. The professor was also quite charming, frequently using humour to lighten the subject matter. I do recommend this course for people that are either new to programming or programming with Python.
Hi this is Suraj,It was a great experience learning python. I really loved the way the quiz were designed and also the course went on smoothly. Not everything was told in the video so I had to google things out to complete the assignments. Like how do I print all numbers in one single line while using a loop, and also how do I print something without giving a space. These basic things I feel were left on purpose to push the student to explore and learn.
Great course! I had 11 years with no programming activities, I was a developer for Delphy & PowerBuilder 11 years back but Python seems to be quite interesting to learn out. This course is great for people that have little experience on programming languages, but it was great for me as 11 years is a lot time, now I want to learn web / digital programming languages and I'll continue studying other Python courses in coursera for sure!!!!. Thanks a million
I've had some prior experience with Python 2 before yet this course was far from boring and reminded of some functions which I have never internalised before such as try/except or continue or break the loop. Dr Chuck has been fun to watch yet they managed to achieve outstanding clarity above all. Lastly, the additional resources like the interviews with Guido van Rossum were extremely interesting and making me want to learn Python even more. Thank you!
This course is really awesome! Hands down to Dr. Chuck for his way of teaching. The best Python course you could find anywhere. And I come from the background where I have spent a lot of time searching for a good course for getting my Python basics cleared. This course has helped me get them clear.Starting the next courses in the Py4e specialization right away!Big thanks to Coursera and the University of Michigan for providing such a wonderful course!!
Dear Chuck,Can I call you Chuck? Anyway Sir, you are AWESOME!! If I become a programmer in my life, you'll be the only reason for it. You simply are great. I wish I had more teachers like you. I also wish I could meet you and tell you in person, that you are the personification of pure awesomness. Thank you soooooo muchYours truly,A student who absolutely loves you and is eternally grateful to you from the other part of the world :)Keep being awesome!!
This  is the perfect course for anyone who wants to learn python. It not only teaches you the basics of python but also helps you very much in understanding the basics of programming.The instructor is a person of great knowledge and wisdom.The lecture videos are very interesting and helpful.The Coursera platform is also excellent. I truly recommend this course to anyone who wishes to learn python.Thank you Coursera and special thanks to the instructor
This is a great course for those with no programming experience, especially since it involves python. I recommend to anyone with no experience that they start with python because the syntax is easy to learn and it is as close to psuedo-code used to develop algorithms as it comes. Although I have years of experience with python in my undergraduate and graduate research, I respect the teaching quality and attention to detail used throughout this course.
Is very good course for those who is start programming by choosing python as their first language and it might be a little boring for those guys who has a good programming knowledge but I think it is the best course which I have completed online and it is best because they have provided a lots of pre-prepared contents like PPTs, book, programs,.etc. which might be very good for people like me- who make notes or who like to go through lots of content.
This course is the best way to start your programming journey. It not only provides you a systematic and an easy way to understand the Python programming language, all thanks to Professor Charles Severance's interactive and friendly approach which not benefits specially the beginner level programmers but also helps you retain the knowledge with the help of practically performing the assignments and answering quizzes.  This course is truly motivating!
This has been one of the best educational experience I have had and I have had some, Ph.D., MBA.   The best part about this course is that it is impeccably organized and possess timely help to students in need of assistance.  This course should be used as the “gold standard” for teaching, whether online or in the classroom.  I send my congratulations to all that have been and are now involved with overseeing the success of this wonderful achievement.
It is the first course I have successfully completed on Coursera. I had a vague background in programming from my undergraduate studies in Engineering, but I have always wanted to learn more. I have found this Course to be the right place so far. I think it’s oriented to anybody who wants to learn to program in general with no specific background and that definitely has been ideal for me. I am continuing with the next course, let’s see how it goes...
Great Course would recommend to everyone...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................Thank You.
I found the instructor to be very informative, having no background in coding myself he made it easy and fun to learn the topics for the course. The only frustrating thing about the class was that the auto grader for assignments would not always recognize when requirements for an assignment had been met. So, even though the code was correct and I got the desired output I would sometimes have to try it in a multitude of ways to get my grade to store.
Great book, fun course. I mainly read chapters of a book instead of watching videos, then did tests and exercises. However, slides were very useful for refreshing before starting a new chapter or just to have a look at key points summarized. I am very thankful to the authors, who made learning my first programming language non-frustrating. I really got addicted to it. I admire the comparison of Python to a dog who doesn't understand what you want fr
Amazing intro to programming class.  I'm consulting with a tech startup and wanted to have better conversations with my developers.  This is a great class to learn the "theory" of programming.  I started taking an HTML, CSS and Javs Script class about half way through (chapter 4), because I need some piratical application.  However, this course gave me the foundation.  It's good to get error msgs!!!  Looking forward to taking the rest of the series!
Outstanding introduction to Python programming language that will lay strong foundation to the more advanced topics about Python. The teaching style is superb and the things you learn stick in the long term memory really quickly. You need, however, to put additional effort on your side in order to truly "get" what's going on and learn and program as much as you can, as doing is really learning. Excellent, excellent course, teacher and the community.
This is the best course ever, I have never enjoyed any course this much. I would like to thank Dr. Chuck for putting so much efforts to make students learn at their best. Everything about this course is so perfect , the assessments, the quiz which helps to brush up your skill. I have never been to complete any course yet, this was the first one, again Amazing content , and the most amazing instructor. Thankyou coursera, for bringing up this course.
his is a well-designed, well-taught course to learn about basics of 
python and control flow.Apart form engaging teaching and amazing 
content, I loved the Bonus videos(they were really insightful, made me 
surprised and motivated at the same time, to learn python and 
programming) and Dr. Chuck's goal behind teaching this course is really 
inspiring. It also gives a glimpse of how programs work under thehood 
on the hardware viz. memory, CPU etc.
Excellent Course! This course really gives someone the foundation of python coding and gives yourself early confidence in learning this skill to continue to take on new challenges in working towards being an expert. You will not come away with building any major project from this class, but it will definitely give you the foundation in getting to build that next level of this skill. If you are an aggressive learner you can complete within 2 weeks.
As the course says, programming here is for everybody! Even a person with zero programming knowledge can easily crack this up. It is a very user friendly learning tool. One can easily finish the course with so much flexibility and adaptiveness. The course is really qualitative and suits a developing programmer who's needs are simple. I am completely satisfied with the course as it met my goal which was to learn the first step of coding in python.
This is the perfect course for someone who is a beginner.  I understood the logic and  made it simple to remember how to program. The instructor and lessons are understandable and fun to learn and I can say I actually learned how to program.   I came from zero python knowledge and was very pleased with what I acquired over this course. Additionally, the professor is very personable and  about the course material and the delivery method. Thank you
Rating 5 stars for teaching style. When you are largely unfamiliar with programming it is important to not skip silly steps in explanation that might seem obvious. The information was very compact with made it easily digestible and encouraging to continue to the next level. The exercises increased nicely in complexity without sudden jumps in knowledge so that it would not give  the impression that you are stuck forever in the pit hole of doom ;-)
This course is just amazing.
It help me start learning Python and also help to improve my English.
The professor is excellent and also very funny,i like him.
Course material is the reason that i choose the course.This course has a chinese subtitle,and also has a PDF version of the book(which also has translated into chinese),it's so good.
I will take the following course as well,and i think it will also help me a lot.
I'm looking forword to it.
Easy to understand and follow along. Having the lecture's typed out helped a lot with taking notes and going back over information that was mentioned and if something was mentioned quickly but you did not quite catch. Allowed to take your time and give your the resource to understand the material. Great instructor that clearly explained the material as well as gave easy examples for first time programmers to better understand what is going on.
This is an excellent course for a beginner with no coding background like myself. After contemplating on which course to start on learning programming, I am so glad I took this one.  This course built up my confidence in taking the challenge to learn something totally new! Lectures were engaging, study materials were adequate, reading the free online book before watching lecture videos really helped too. Thank you Prof. Chuck, you are awesome!
I'm Japanese.This is my second online lecture and I enjoyed it. For people who has some programming experience in other programming language like me, maybe this lecture seems a little boring and prolix.But if you hadn't write python,you want to study python,you don't want to overlook fundamental python syntax and you need experience of lecture by English teacher without your mother language subscript,this lecture will be good for your future.
Hello There! I am a PHP web application developer and I am highly interested to make myself a good programmer. Recently I am to learn OpenERP Software which is created using Python. I found this course very useful to enrich my skill in programming concept and learning Python. I am very happy to find this course via one of my friends. I am so excited. This is really a great opportunity to learn. Thanks much for your effort dear management! :-)
Dr. Chuck certainly has made a difference for me. His approach to teaching this class was natural, didn't even feel like an on-line course, and he certainly knows how to break the subject down into manageable bits. The quiz you get after a chapter is neither too simple nor too hard to grasp, just the right level of complexity to stimulate your thinking and thought process. Very well made, and I highly recommend it to anyone who's interested.
This course is very helpful and anyone can do this, as its name says Programming for Everybody, a person who has not done any programming before can also do this course. It will clear your basics and will make it stronger. It will cover all the basic concepts with examples and assignments. And Dr. Chuck is a very good mentor. I can assure you that you will not only learn from this course but you will also enjoy doing this course. Thank you.
I learnt lot of things from here, i never used language before this course, because of my background is based on networking, i never think about that i can use language, Learning Python is very interesting, when you have such a nice Instructor like sir in "Programming for Everybody ".Well I'm very much thankful to Coursera team to provide such nice platform, I will used these skills to my studies projects also. Thanks, Sadam Hussain Channa.
it's a perfect programming course for those who has absolutely no idea of computer science. take me as an example: i'm an Art students, I major in business, I always thought CS is boring and much complicated (beyond my understanding ability), however, this course gives me confidence, and more importantly, I would like to learn further! Thank you Dr.Charles, wish you could come to Shanghai someday maybe, and I can join your office hour time.
I have problems with focusing and specially focusing in lectures where the professors are too technical with their vocabulary, however with Professor Chuck's way of teaching I don't have this difficulty, he is able to teach in a way that is simple and posible to understand. I wish every professor can join this teaching style for the sake of learning "complex concepts" in an easy way.  Since the professor is really good the course is great!!
The course is absolutely well organised with proper guidance and teaching.The course guide Dr.Chuck (Charles Severance) is absolute fun to be with.He is a complete package of excellent teaching along with fun at the same time.The course is excellent for beginners where he starts from basics and make us understand about the working i.e how python executes.Pretty excited for further courses to know more about python from this great professor
A good introduction for beginners, rather too slow for someone who knows other languages. Given some people might never go beyond the first 7 weeks, I'd try to offer some more practical example, like why someone would want to use it. I see writing some command line utilities might be helpful, like perhaps processing a text file and removing double spaces, or something useful. But I understand why "toy" examples are necessary for beginners.
I liked every second of this course, its a good thing to remember concepts of algorithm, Python is very easy in comparison to other languages (COUGH* Java) and was not disturbing, the teacher is great and attentive, the way Charles teached was a major differential, so i learned more than i tought i could learn, i'll get to the "part 2" of the course soon, just because i loved Python, and want to learn more about it.Thank you all very much!
This is an excellent course and Dr. Severance makes the learning fun. Course 1 of 5 is extremely beginner level so if you already have some coding experience and find yourself getting bored with the detailed explanation of each bit try setting video speed to 2x. I did so and it helped me to stay focused during times that would have felt like over explanation. Plus Dr. Severance is quite fun to listen to and watch at twice his normal speed!
Worth the time and the instructor made it even better to understand the course. I especially like the Harry Potter reference to making a choice to learn coding or python. It is worth learning programing, to use a reference, "it's better to learn to use digital music than trying to figure out why no one has 8-tracks any more." Technology is moving at a high speed and learning programming is part of it, and this course will get you started.
It was a brilliant experience to study by the method Coursera has provided me. I am obliged to every single person who is somehow associated in the development of this worthy platform. Especial thanks to my instructor Dr. Charles R. Severance(Dr.Chuk), without whom i wouldn't be able to complete this course. Sir i truly cant express my thanks to you in words only. You are an amazing instructor. Thankyou very much. Thankyou Coursera...:)))
It was so good to learn the basics of Python with such an enthusiastic teacher! Dr Chuck takes into account that each one of us can have a different background with the world of programming and adapts the course for a beginners level. The presentations are clear and straight to the point and the activities at the end of each session necessary to test the new concepts. I highly recommend this course if you would like to start programming.
I found the course fantastic! I would recommend it to everyone who has not added the skill of programming to their set of Skills. With such a great teacher as Charles Severance, you'd enjoy every bit of the course and also understand the very basic things you need to know about python! I'm glad I took the course. I've learned so much, and even so, easily. So interesting and easily learned that I spent a day in finishing the whole course!
Took this as "Programming for Everybody"--my very first programming class. Loved it. It was hard from time to time, but well worth it. It's not likely I will do programming for a living, but understanding this medium makes a big difference for me when I encounter issues related to technology, data and the web. I believe everyone can benefit from some exposure to the world of programming. And this is by far the best course offered online.
This course not just about syntax of programming language (unlike many other courses for beginners). It teaches you think as a programmer. It was pretty interesting to know how hardware works and how computer structure influences the coding. I found lots of great examples and the particular cases on the conditions, loops, and functions that can now be used by me in JavaScript and Swift. The best tutorial on code basics! Thanks Dr. Chuck!
There is nothing better than being taught by passionate people. Charles Severance is one of those rare gems of education. Online learning was also new to me and definitely something very I wish I had been able to do when I was studying 20 years ago.The bonus videos were very interesting and this is something that adds a lot of value to the course.I have done the first course only (in 3 days) and will try to wrap the specialization soon.
A really nice introductory style course for the python. I had no experience for python but however i did knew a bit of coding and stuff. The very basics concepts have been taught and helps you understand the building blocks on any code or program and how it executes. The instructor  has a very nice mood and helps you learn things with Fun and sometime even lightens your mood by punching some nice old jokes... i like it and its awesome.
This course is a great introduction for anyone who has no background at all in computer programming. The instructor is spot on - he's friendly, patient and it's very easy to follow what he's trying to explain.I did have some previous experience with Stata so it was easier for me to follow as I already understood some basic concepts. But I bet this course can be useful to anyone with a hint of enthusiasm, regardless of their background.
I m very thankful for the team coursera who given me the opportunity to complete the course and providing me the certificate.I m very thanfull to team coursera you consider my financial aid and allow me to freely join the course.This certificate plays very important role in my carrer.thank you so much coursera.Its my pleasure towards you.please give me such a more opportunities so could i expand my carrer at a great height............
I am a GIS Analyst who could really benefit from an improved Python skill set.  In the past I have tried to take Python courses but became frustrated early on in the classes for a variety of reasons (not enough background info on topics, not enough instructor support, etc.).  This class really helped me understand the basics and perhaps more importantly, it piqued my interest.  Dr. Severence is great.  Stay quirky!  It is lots of fun.
An excellent introductory course to learn the basic concepts and thought patterns that everyone needs to be able to combine basic programming skills with their current line of work. The class uses practical examples that most of us can relate to instead of theoretical ones. I highly recommend starting with this course before taking more advanced programming courses, especially if you have no prior programming education or experience.
Great course.  Very approachable, well taught, well paced.  Well suited to people completely new to computer programming and for those with computer experience looking to learn Python.  The professor is great!  He does an excellent job of explaining the what, why, and how of basic computer programming concepts.  Which will serve you well no matter what language you learn going forward, as the concepts apply across software languages.
Interesting introduction course for people who want to learn Python. You don't need programming skills (though they always come in handy), because the course starts at the very beginning. I guess this helps everybody to easily adapt to the language, which itself in my opinion is pretty straight forward and quite easy to learn. I'm really looking forward to the more tricky and complex parts in the other courses of this specialization.
Very very well taught from the very basics, beautifully explained with fun bonus sections as well, would definitely recommend enthusiast learners to begin with this course if you want to begin with programming in python. Fairly easy and good number of assignments which at times really tests what you have learnt to make one learn the concepts in depth and understand it well. Thank you coursera and Dr. Chuck for this wonderful course
Before this course I always thought of programming as a frightening monster. But enrolling in this course was on of the best things to happen as the instructor taught and carried out this course in a very elegant way. The course was well paced and I never felt throughout this course that It couldn't be completed successfully as it happened before in other programming courses at my institute. Thank you Charles and thank you coursera
Great course. For me it was a refresher of the basic programming skills that I learned in undergrad but have rarely put to use. I needed to know very basic things like what editor to use, how to run python files, and the syntax / structure of loops, etc. I got all that and more! I appreciate the instructors enthusiasm, and I think this course could be a good introduction to programming for students who have never programmed before.
I have see many courses of computer programing in courser, some are not really good and some are not really for beginners (even if they say it). So I follow this course ones before and I din not finish but I really like it, because is for beginners, is clear and slow in the way to show the topic, is fun, but also and most importan I feel like I'm learning a lot. Almost finish course 1 and really optimistic to do all specialization.
This is the first online course I have ever completed. It has been an amazing journey. With limited knowledge in computer science, I never truly imagined myself being able to write lines of codes. Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher. I adore him for making this intimidating course accessible and enjoyable. I also truly appreciate Coursera for granting me a scholarship to take this course free. I cannot wait to start the next course.
i am sure about my research in "structural optimization of high rise buildings"  it is helpful to write some sub programmes to find maximum displacements, story stiffness, fundamental frequencies, story drift, time period etc. from  software (like ETABS, STAAD, etc.,) output. i observed while learning my courses all the speakers are given very inspired sessions. i thank to god give me opportunity to learn in this  online coursera.
This course is an excellent and detailed introduction into how to code the basics of python. The examples in the free book provided are a very helpful companion to the assignments in the course. They don't give the whole answer, which makes you think critically and logically about the code you need to write. Stick with it and you will get the rewards, I've already started the 2nd course in this specialization. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
This course is really helpful for people who are planning to try hands in the field of computation. Python I feel is a good platform to gain some coding experience because:a) It is easy to comprehend with simple syntax.b) It is very flexible.c)It adds good value to your CV. And I feel Professor Charles Severance has done a good job. I think maybe it will be better for the beginners to use the book along as they progress.Thank you.
For me this course with very easy as I had previous knowledge of Computer programming with C++, The course instructor is more than awesome, he makes it seem so simple and force you to love the course. Python is a very important language that is interfering with almost every field in the tech industry. This course gives you a great introduction to a language of a great importance and also introduce the computer science through it.
I recommend this course for all those who have not been previously linked to the programming as it shows you the basics to get started. It is made for the public in general.
For those who speak Spanish as mother tongue, I recommend to use the English subtitles option so you can more easily follow the teacher and notice small details, which are often necessary in programming.
Thanks to the teacher for his pleasant way of teaching.
As the name itself says " Programming for Everybody" is indeed for all, i thought i would lose interest from week 1 but i did not and here I am, finally i have completed course 1. Now I'am definitely going to continue course 2, and thank you so much for the understandable teaching, it was like a story, not confusing at all. Also, because of this course, I'am going to pursue a career in programming. Really inspired by this course.
The way the course has been made and taught is amazing! It introduces is a course TRULY designed for absolute beginners. I enjoyed the course and Dr. Chuck is simply amazing. If you have a background in any other coding language, the concepts of this course feel like a summer breeze, with a few python specific syntax here and there. Overall I enjoyed the course and managed to finish it way ahead of schedule. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
It is the best course for the python beginner to learn the syntax...If the student is aware of other programming languages like c, c++ and java. you can complete this course in 2 days.if you are not aware of other courses then you need to see the textbook that was suggested and I would suggest another text book for python that is Python crash course by Eric Matthes. This is one of the good book for python to learn......basics...
In my opinion this was an excellent course. All the information was available, and well explained. The professor Dr. Chuck it's a great teacher, he made me laugh a couple of times, so I really enjoy all the videos and excercises. I found very interesting all the interviews to famous people, such as Guido Van Rossum, Massimo Banzi and Daphne Koller. Thanks so much to everyone who makes this course possible and thanks to Coursera.
Like the title states, 'Getting started..'. So if you have prior programming experience this might feel a bit elementary, but if you're completely new to Python there's still plenty of things to get you going faster with Python. And if you're completely new to programming... This course is definitely bang for the buck! Very easy to follow, great examples to get things sinking in fast and in overall, very well constructed course.
Its easy to understand! You've got a plenty of time to complete all courses. Don't give up, your almost there :)

The instructor explains the code in such a simplest way you could imagine, you always can pause and rewind if anything falls behind. The courses are split to 2 which you still can continue to learn after completed the part 1. Overall its a great experience to learn python with coursera! You should give it a try too.
This course was a lot of fun. If you're completely new to programming, this is a very basic and easy course so you won't likely have any trouble understanding. However, if you have prior knowledge in programming in a different language and taking this course just to learn Python syntax, you should complete the course very fast and move to the next one to get more in depth knowledge in Python because this will be a bit too easy.
This course is helpful for being introduced to Python. The only comments I have is to maybe increase the amount of exercises to really drill the concepts in. Also, to include all current chapter components learned into the current chapter exercise. For example, try and except wasn't applied until the next chapter or two. Not a real problem, but would be helpful while it is still fresh and able to work a few different exercises.
Really good course . I have learnt a lot in this course's graded assignments and quizzes and also from the video lectures . I do recommend this great course for everyone who is just beginning to learn python. Great course . Thank you Dr . Charles Severance . I am really grateful to coursera and to Dr.Chuck for this wonderful course. I sincerely thank my instructor, University of Michigan and Coursera for this wonderful course.
I'm studying programming to change my career. I always thought programming was very difficult, a job for a few brilliant minds only, but Dr. Chuck made me believe it is doable. Don´t get me wrong! Programming takes A LOT of work, but it is far from impossible... Also, learning only the basics in programming already gives you a totally different view of the world. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera, you literally changed my life.
I have completed this course,in a weekend spending 3-4 hours a days and found the course difficulty to be easy.The course is really easy to understand and the assignments and quiz makes it easy to build the concepts. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to start Python programming. The way Dr. Charles teaches the concepts is a very interactive fashion and this keeps you motivated to complete the course. Thank you.
I was already familiar with programing basics (if statements, while loop, for loop, etc.), and I took this course to familiarize myself with python syntax. If this is your first time programming, I highly recommend this course. Lectures provide great explanations of python basics and Prof. Severance is an entertaining lecturer. However, while lectures are great, I wish the course had more practice problems for each assignment.
A very creative, simple and clear way to explain a language you might have no idea about. Hats off to Dr Charles Severance for his great work to move from one point to another. I really appreciate it. The method of teaching is simple and increases your rate to learn. I will not hide the fact that it was my first time I wanted to learn more and more. Thank you Coursera and Dr Charles Severance for making it memorable. Loved it!
I'm studding Journalism and I didn't know nothing about programming. I 
found this course very interesting, when I finished the degree, I will 
need to collect and analyze tons of data, I think and this course gave 
me a little introduction in this fascinating world of Python!

All the material is well explained, and you can see him programming too so you can copy his code to check and study it. 

A really good course, thanks!
Great course for those who have zero programming experience. The course is very well structured and designed to walk you through the learning process to more advanced material in the future courses. The assessment is done through interactive assignments and quizzes.I'm glad to have a privilege of taking this course and would like to thank Dr. Chuck, University of Michigan and Coursera for this wonderful opportunity!Thank you!
I enjoyed this course very much, I had zero previous experience and it was relatively easy to understand the concepts plus the professor was really engaging. I had some difficulties with the assignments but I got my questions answered through the forum or searching help online. I did enjoy the videos about office hours and tech conversations, I learned interesting facts I didn't know from them. I'm planning to keep learning.
This course not only help me to learn python but also helped me to put my hands on c language  and I started implementing the same in arduino programming as well. learning from dr,Charles Severance  is very awesome experince because his teaching techniques are awesome ,I am 100% sure that at the end of the course you will start writing code like pro. But it can only happen if you are willing to pay attention from the start.
I feel this is the best python basic course for beginners and the best part is prof. Charles Severance from the University of Michigan is teaching us. he is the author of the book "Python for everybody" and for every week's assignments, we have a bonus video where he interacts with top inventors of the industry.which is awesome !! thank you so much Coursera and the University of Michigan for the opportunity to learn online.
This is great place to learn.According to me the videos, and documents shared in this portal are very helpful and relates to the real world. which makes the things to understand easily.Thanks to Coursera, for providing such a platform, where we can explore our self, and do review of others. put queries and answer to others  queries too,'Thanks to "Charles Severance" for his beautiful presentation and knowledgeable lectures.
The course was great. This is my first course on Coursera and am pretty happy with the way it progressed. It gave me an insight into the basics of Python programming and helped me write simple programs on my own. The speaker was too good at explaining minute things which help error-free programming. I am grateful to the speaker for helping me set my first step into Python programming and will always be thankful to you Sir.
This course is what I was looking for - an inexpensive course that covers all the important topics in detail!I would recommend everyone who's looking to learn to program to start with this course, as it builds the required concepts in a systematic approach.It is better if you download the free pdf of the book that was recommended in Week 1 of the course, as it has all the theory required to keep up with the lecture videos.
IT is very usefulful to me because I am from Mechanical Department and it is beginning for me.I didn't expected that i can learn and implement the python language. Thank you so much Dr. Charles who teach a very beautiful and meaningful class. And thank you coursera for giving us an opportunity to learn something in free of cost. Thank you everybody,I am Hemendra Kumawat , Poornima College of Engineering ,Jaipur ,Rajasthan
I actually had previous python knowledge, and i have working on other programming languages for the past one year. But this course is very recommended for absolute beginners who want to get to know about programming language. Well, if you're not a CS student, you can take this course anyway. No problem at all, because the topics were very basic, and the teacher delivered them very nicely with relatable examples. Thank you
Mr. Charles is a wonderful tutor and has put so much thought into explaining the control flow of python language. I'm a computer science student so most of the concepts explained are familiar to me, even if you are a beginner he completely breaks down each and everything he explains which is extremely useful in burying the concepts in your mind. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to get started with python.
Learning is more than repeat guided steps in order to master them.Learning is a change behavior of the brain in order to see the world differently. So this course not only teach me how to program but also enhace my sensebility of seeing things around me. To become a programer, to become a better person, to become more focused to become wise i recommend this classes. Thank you a lot for all involved in this awesome course.
Really enjoyed the course. The material is clear and well presented, and the quality of tuition was brilliant. Very helpful discussion boards and relatively challenging assignments that force you to apply what you have learned. The pace is pretty relaxed which is great if you have a fulltime job or other commitments - then again, it is an introductory course, so that might be expected. Can't really think of any negatives.
I have worked on python previously . I just wanted to brush up my skills, so I looked up for some courses here and I found this one with good review. I wasn't so sure , therefore I thought to go through couple of videos. And I completed the whole course because it was really a good one. I feel this course is quiet good and for beginners , its best. I would recommend to do couple of videos and you will know why I say so .
This course is perfect if you have zero to little experience on the overall basic programming paradigm. It contains simple but insightful exercises which will help you to understand concepts (from variable declaration to loops) with ease (the teacher is great). If you are fairly used to dealing with programming and you need something challenging, then this course could seem too much easy and familiar, but helpful anyway.
Charles is an excellent tutor. His tutorials insists that you, as someone who is taking baby steps in programming, to not take shortcuts and develop your command of the language akin to someone learning composition in elementary school. Makes you comfortable with the syntax, gets your confidence running, and then introduce the complex stuff. He's a tutor that doesn't make your programming experience mundane. Recommended.
Absolutely amazing. The flow of Professor Charles Severance is super easy to understand and follow. Super appreciation to the University of Michigan and Prof. Chuck for creating this. A suggestion- Maybe a few un graded sample problems may be added after every week. These may be kept a bit tricky and have a time limit of say, 3-4 hours to solve, after which the solved code is shown. That will immensely help for practice
This course is literally for everybody who wants to learn programming and does not know where to start from.  For me this is the first step to enter the realm of data science  as this course enabled me to learn python programming from scratch. It also helped me revise the most basic programming principles. I highly recommend this course to all the beginners and to all who want to learn this amazing programming language.
This course is very helpful for those guys who start the python as their first language. Also if you are at the beginner level or you didn't know about python then this course is very helpful for you. I myself complete this course and also recommend you guys to enrolled for this course.and at last I am very thankful to coursera for providing this course. And also i am very thankful to Charles Russell Severance Thank you
Dr. chuck is able to deliver this course in a very organised way and in very short videos that makes the learning very easy and enjoyable. Course is very nice and can easily be understood by a learner who doesn't have any prior knowledge of programming. It is easy to take notes while learning and assignments are like small hands-on project to make your concepts strong. Hence overall this course is worth taking. Thankyou
This was my first ever online course and it was a great experience indeed. I had never thought that an online course would be so much effective. I gained a plenty of knowledge through this course; thanks to Dr. Charles Severance for such a wonderful teaching. After completing this course, I have no fear towards programming. It was an fantastic experience overall and I will definitely recommend this course to my friends.
For students like me who have no prior experience in programming, this course is definite a great introduction!  The professor introduced each statement in an explicit way that explained the 'background thinking' of Python, which is very helpful when you try to understand how Python work. Also, discussion forum is a quite good resource as well, especially when I was dealing with assignments. Highly reommend this course!
I really enjoyed this course ; something that could have been complicated and maybe even boring became quite fun to learn thanks to an excellent teacher! For people whose first language is NOT english : even if you don't choose to put the subtitles -or your language isn't in the list-, the english used is easy enough to understand, I didn't have any problems with it even when I was really tired. Good luck and thank you!
The course was easy to understand for people with no prior programming experience and was well designed for distance learning.  Dr. Charles has a fun way of explaining the dry concepts and the bonus videos really helped me in understanding the bigger picture for doing this course. I initially planned to attend this course twice a week but found myself making time for it every day of the week.Great stuff and thank you !
I took the whole specialization which I strongly recommend over individual pieces. These courses go through a book provided by Charles Severance. He includes all the material and TONS of code he made. Charles goes through all the code he brings up in the class and explains each piece. There are fluff pieces throughout that are not necessary to pass but offer some history. Overall a great course with a great instructor.
The course was really well presented, taught and clear, and although i would prefer it would have been taught in the newer version of python, it actually helped me to do some research and learn new material.A warm special thanks to Prof. Charles Severance for his logical and laid back approach.I hope that a follow up to some more advanced programming in Python will take place in the future.Many thanks Ricardo Fernandes
I really enjoy the videos describing the history of the language.  The exercises were very good and the 'Office Hours' videos were lots of fun.  Its really great to see how many people are interested in Python all around the world.  These all provided a good foundation.  I also thought it was great to be able to do the exercises and programming problems at any time.   I look forward to the second course in this series.
Excellent course.  A very useful introduction to those who want to dive into Python.  I especially recommend for those who are less comfortable with the process of computer programming, as this course will introduce and reinforce the concepts of iterating, construction of while, for loops, and the ins and outs of conditionals.  In short, if you are looking for a gentle introduction that has useful examples this is it!
I really found this course easy to follow and it explained the fundamentals really well. I just want to say thank you to Charles Severance - I liked the way he presented the course and you can tell he has a great passion for this subject and his explanations were very clear. I haven't done Computer Science for a very long time and have recently decided to back to it and I'm really looking forwards to the next course!
Muy buen curso , con muy buenos contenidos me sirvió muchísimo para volver a repasar conceptos que tenia un poco olvidados , el profesor explica muy bien , me encanto, definitivamente seguiré con los próximos módulos. Very good course with very good content it helped me a lot to go over concepts that I had a little forgotten. The profesor explains very well I loved it I will definitely continue with the next modules.
This course was excellent. Dr. Chuck is great at explaining things in very thorough detail to ensure that everybody understands the course. I really enjoyed it, and he made it easy to learn! The way he teaches really does make Python available to everybody! Although some things were review for me, I was glad to review them going into learning a new programming language. Thank you, Dr. Chuck, for the excellent class!!
Very easy to digest. Had a problem with the final exercise. The code I made was an optional experiment which I keep doing for every single lecture. Using lists in python, I made a code in which the user can choose LARGE or SMALL, to be found. But when I edited the code for the final assignment to run simultaneously, very weirdly, the code worked for large, but not for small. took me an hour to finish that assignment,
Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor and the lectures were very simple and easy to learn. This course has paved the basic concept of python for me. Also, my interest in learning the python has increased. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for an incredible learning experience and thankful to coursera for providing such a platform to learn from the best people. Really recommending the course to the people want to start with python.
I thoroughly enjoyed this class and feel that I learned a lot. The homework assignments were difficult but they also were good for applying what we have learned. Thank you Dr. Severence! He made the content very clear and easy to understand. I have tried learning before but failed in the past due to finding it difficult and losing motivation, but this course made me motivated and I am very proud that I completed it.
Writing a review because I genuinely appreciate his teaching style and his course content. The dedication with which he teaches makes me feel like I am sitting in his live class. For anyone who has been hesitating to start the programming or Python, enroll in this course and you will feel like all  the basics are getting cleared with an amazing assignment grader. Thank you Dr. Charles for introducing us to Python!
I am a beginner of Python. And I am glad I choose this course and this specialization. I am really getting more excited about Python after every lecture of Prof Charles. He has made Python fun to learn. He covers every topic in great detail. And I am really looking forward to the next courses. I highly recommend this course to those who are interested in Python. I want to thank Prof Charles for the amazing course.
Dr. Chuck sir . Thank you very very much for delivering these brilliant contents and making us comfortable with your humble words. Stay safe sir and wish you a very good life. Please Do visit Bangladesh if you wish. We would be glad and you would be glad to see our country. Also Please Please if you visit Bangladesh do visit our University, BRAC University. We will be both delighted and enlightened by your visit.
This course was excellent. A brilliant start to python programming or just programming in general. Chuck was an excellent teacher with very clear explanations. I really liked the background knowledge gained from the course which made everything much clearer and gave me a sound basis for learning and curiosity to learn more. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wishing to study programming. Thanks so much.
This
course is excellent for people with little or no idea of programming. It takes
you from zero to a level where you feel confident in taking more courses in the
program.  The lectures are delivered in a
clear, direct, easy to understand and fun way. The course instructor through
this course has debunked the idea that programming is difficult to learn or
that programming is meant for only computer scientists.
This course is a great tool for beginners diving into the programming world. As a first in a series of courses, it illustrates and engages you to participate in creating simple but useful programs. Like every "first step", it gets interesting and you start to think of it less as "impossible to do" . I certainly learnt a lot and i'm ready to develop more to integrate my skills for solving problems with big data.
Charles does a wonderful job explaining the basics of Python scripting. Some of his logic description is really helpful. With that said, this course may be a little too basic if you have had experience with other scripting or coding languages in the past. I have worked a little bit in csh and Java, and found it a little basic for me at times, but there were good nuggets of info. I'd say any coding beginner shou
Dr.Chuck was the best instructor one could ever get. I've learned some many new concepts. I never knew python before.Once I got registered for this course, it made me help to learn the basic principles of python.I am glad for coursera for offering these courses.At the end of the course,I've learnt the importance of python.The designing of assignments , material , quizzes were at it's best and were so creative.
It's an amazing course. I learned a lot from this course. Not only did I learn programming, but I also learned how computer works when it comes to programming. The lecturing style is interesting and exciting for most of the time. It's short and precise. The explanation is clear and understandable. I like the flow chart and the summary of key concepts and key terminology of each lecture and chapters. Thank you.
A brief introduction to programming. If you are a beginner, you're probably going to love it. I already have a background on programming and I would say that for a advanced person, It will lack bonus materials and exercises as it is very simple and slow going. But despite of this fact, It is interesting to see how different teachers approach on the introductory subject using the most varied ways and examples.
this program is too god,and my instructor is pretty good and a lot of stuff is with him.his way of teaching attracted me to watch the course without fail.i'm a mechanical student and this course learns you from the scratch without any prior knowledge.i suggest all to take a chance to enroll if you are intrested in programming.Finally,i thank my instructor Dr.Charles Severance  sir for learning me a new skill.
I just want to thank all the mentors and my fellow classmates for helping me achieve my first Python certificate here on Coursera! This course was challenging but not impossible to learn, i am so grateful to the University of Michigan and Mr. Charles Severance for helping this learning event happen. I recommend anyone who is interested in learning about Python take this course. It is affordable and effective!
Wow I have to say this is really a good course with excellent teacher! Before this course I have no idea of Python, I struggled and wasted a lot of time considering which language I should learn, Java or Python. Now after this course, I fall in love with Python, it's an elegant programming language easy to start with! For those who want to get start with their coding career, I strongly recommend this lecture!
Excellent beginner course for learning Python. The instructor slowly guides your thinking so that your thought process matches that of a Python programmer. Quizzes and especially assignments are relevant to testing your newly acquired skills. If you have a bit of experience in other languages, I recommend going quickly through the course, as I found a great deal of overlap in language that let me speed ahead.
I loved this course and Dr. Chuck makes it easy to follow. I have prior programming experience, but was self-taught, so this helped structure some of my learnings. My only suggestion is to use a different color instead of white on neon for the blackboard drawings to make them easier to see. Other than that, I give this course 5 stars. I'm looking forward to my next course in the Python specialization series.
Good basic intro.  Professor doesn't take himself too seriously which makes the lectures entertaining as well as informative.  I would recommend this to someone who has no coding experience.I have some programming experience with Python.  I didn't need to watch the lectures to answer the questions.  There may need to be  some way to 'exempt' out of certain courses to get to next course in the specialization.
This course is an easy to understand, fun, and very informational program that anybody can learn from. While taking this course I have gained the abilities necessary for managing large quantities of  information while executing simple commands. This system has aided me beyond just helpful. I can now provide others with this information ranging from close friends, work, and even my own instructors. Thank you.
This is how things get done! One of the best online course for Python-2.7 for getting started. This one for sure, break the ice to get onto the advance level. Dr. Chuck is a real master; his method and style of teaching is very effective. I truly appreciate his time and effort putting this course and materials together. The Coursera platform is brilliantly tailored with this course. Thanks to Team Coursera!
I went through this course really fast because I'm already a bit acquainted with the Python environment, since I self though myself how to code in it. Despite this fact, I have to tank this course to fill many gaps on my knowledges. The Exercises were a good training method to test my skills, and the book is a really great material to start to learn Python. I wish I've attended this course many years ago :)
Professor Charles guide learners in a very enterteining manner through the programming basic concepts. I really reccomend this course for everyone who wants to start from the lowest level or scratch so as to begin understanding how to interact with logical and human- computer interaction. Even if you know something of programming, I think this is a good way of starting or modifying our logic to programming.
This is a splendid introduction to a delightful and powerful programming language for the first-time programmer. But it's even more than that: Charles Severance is a gifted teacher who gets the neophyte up and running in a gentle and engaging style. Really! Anyone can learn to program a computer, and get a whiff of mastering technology. But beware! That whiff can lead to addiction... and not in a bad way...
Dr. Chuck was an awesome teacher.  I really wished i had someone like him in HS and College for my CS classes. I wasn't a CS major, but it was taught like we were...he speaks in such easy and understandable terms.  His examples are spot on.  I am still learning and making mistakes, but it's not frustrating in a bad way...it's actually making me try to figure it out and learn.  The sign of a great educator.
I am very impressed with the videos, book, auto-graded tests, exercises. I have never paid $10 for a programming book before and its helpful to quickly lookup an explanation. This is my first online course and it has motivated me to consider other classes. I really like be able to binge for a while and stop to look at other reference material. I have a second Python book Automate the Boring Stuff.thank you
Studying python with Professor Severance was such fun! This course is very friendly to people with even next to zero understanding of programming. It's so nice.Professor Severance's lectures are easy to comprehend. The assignments are good brain exercise for me. And solving each task gave me great sense of achievement. Thank you, professor. I couldn't have done it without your help. This course is amazing!
I loved this class. It's been over 15 years since I've been exposed to programming. I alway regretted not taking the opportunity to learn it. Now I'm getting into it, and I really like it. Even with no background in programming, I did think the class moved a little too slowly though. I finished the whole thing in less than a week and even did some additional exercises. I can't wait to start the next class!
I would like to thanks Dr. Chuck for making it so easier in terms of learning, understanding and applying simple python programs in order to take a step ahead in the programming world with so much of interest. I am also thankful to Coursera for providing specialization free of cost and also would like to recommend this course to everyone who want to learn programming but have no prior knowledge of coding.
Awesome explanation of basic programming with python.in this course i have learned input statement, output statement,boolean,operator, keyword, loops,if else statement ,try and except statement in python with wonderful explanation and programming example.this course have flexible deadline and appropriate  content for understanding basic.Also this course include discussion with different technology expert.
The course comes across as too simple and a little slow at first, but it picks up during the latter half and becomes more challenging when Dr. Severans gets into function building and logic loops.  Great intro course for individuals who have very little to no programming background.  I feel like after the course, the student is well equipped to pick up a python book and start digging into greater details.
This is a gentle and humorous introduction to not only Python, but programming in general.  Just the way a beginner's karate class focuses on simple actions completed well (Wipe on; wipe off ;-) but eventually gives instruction in the philosophies of non-violence and inter-connectedness, so too does Chuck endeavor to get you doing something at the start of class whilst leading you to the Deeper Mysteries.
This course has been the best programming class I have ever taken, and I have given programming several chances through multiple different courses.  The professor broke things down for someone without a programming background perfectly.  The material was taught with examples and a casual environment which enhanced my learning.  I give this course two thumbs up, cannot wait to complete the 4 course series.
This is an excellent course for beginners. Helping them understand that learning programming is just like learning another language to talk to strangers, computers in this case. Ample examples to help any novice to relate and appreciate the art of programming. Thanks to the whole team for freely providing such excellent coursework. Making quality education available in every nook and corner of the world.
The best course I've ever taken. Dr. Chuck is really cool, he is able to present material in such a way that you really start loving Python and everything seems much easier than it actually is. This course is for complete beginners. I've already finished another course on Python (from Rice University) after this one, and I must admit that the course from University of Michigan helped me a lot! Thank you!
Though I've just learnt the basics of programming, I imagine learning it can be overwhelming if taught the wrong way. This course is perfectly structured as an intro to programming to allow you to learn the language without discouraging you by trying to teach you too much at once. I very much enjoyed this course. Charles Severance is excellent and engaging teacher despite the fact that he's a Slytherin.
This really helped spur me on towards something that I always wanted to learn. But never had the opportunity and dedication, most importantly. I would have to thank Coursera for providing this wonderful opportunity to learn especially in this time of COVID pandemic. And special regards to Dr. Charles Severance for making such a student-friendly course. Looking forward to further specialization courses.
It is the best python programming course for beginners for four reasons. First, its content is informative. Second, you will gain that bunch of information and skills in a very short time (You can complete that course in 2 days if you have the will, passion and motivation). Third, the instructor is very good person and also very professional. Last but not least, you will never get board in this coarse.
Very well STRUCTURED and ORGANIZED course. It is not very long too. Lectures are very useful, the professor is very friendly. Assignments are somewhat challenging and the programs you code are useful for your life. I loved the interviews with some academic and industry leaders, because I could learn what is the process to create something new and some of the things you've to deal with at the beginning.
LOVED THE WAY, HOW THE INSTRUCTOR WAS TEACHING US, mainly the thing which I liked the most is, before starting a new topic, he used to give us hints about that topic in the previous part, so that we just don't fear from the new topic, that topic starts looking familiar to us.....and the best part that he made me believe that python is just same as ELDER WAND, it's on us that how we try to use it.... :)
this course is awesome, it opened up the door of programming to me and man do I love this whole new world of knowledge and skill. Dr.'s Lecture was easy to understand and also fun to watch, with the proper amount of practicing from the assignment, as well as the quizzes that help analyze and remember the content, This MOOC here is simply so far the best introductory into Python (As well as programming)
Excellent course for those with no prior knowledge of programming or Python. Personally, I have worked with scripts for several years, but the introduction to Python was extremely useful. I completed this course in 1 day, so for those who have basic programming skills (understand statements, conditions, loops and basic programming logic) this course should be an easy short intro to the language itself.
As a total beginner, not only in Python, but programming as well, I found this course to be extremely helpful. Slow-paced, the order of the chapters makes sense; the best Python course I've rolled in and the only one that kept me. Lots of extra material to practice on and Dr. Chuck keeps it interesting and fun, without being over-the-top. I am definitely giving a shot to the rest of the specialization.
I enjoyed this course.Thank you, Mr. Charles Severance for elaborate teaching and for making the sessions interesting with all the questions asked and time given for students to pause - think and continue. Since I had prior experience in programming I found it easy to clear this course. I will be enrolling for the next course in Python offered by you.This is my first Coursera course and I am impressed!
The best possible python course available over there for beginners who are getting or wanted to get started with python. The biggest USP of this course will always be the simplicity with the Dr.Chuck has explained everything. I can't ever be thankful enough to Coursera for giving me this unique opportunity to learn from such a great instructor from the comfort of my house. Thank You So Much, Coursera!
The best course on python till date to get the concepts in a relatable way that you will not forget them for a long time, Dr Chuck has gone the extra mile to make the course interactive and the assignments are very concise and make you recall and apply the learned content in the respective chapters,
i found the quiz very good as it breifs the concepts and i think it will greatly help during interviews
As an electrical engineer, you might thing Python would be easy for me to learn. But I'm a construction engineer not a programmer so the answer was Eh, in some ways. The basic language format was clear but I had difficulty understand Python execution.  This  class reintroduced me to the basics in a way I could zoom through quickly when applicable and focus as necessary.  Definitely going to recommend.
Perfect course for beginners in coding I think.  Of course, I'm not necessarily a beginner so maybe I'm biased.  However, I've never taken a computer science course and I had no issues here.  I've tried learning Python before but all I find is instruction on the syntax.  This class actually helps you use python on your own computer from the beginning.  The book and forums are both very useful as well.
The instructor for this course is Charles Severance aka Dr. Chuck. & his narration/explanation is excellent; it's simple, lucid, and to-the-point. Also, you don't feel very formal taking this course, sometimes Dr. Chuck is humorous, & it helps.A lot of work goes into making a Coursera course. This course can even be taught as the first programming language, and python is my first programming language.
Best thing about this course is that the instructor Charles Severance explains the concepts in a lucid manner without taking too much time and the real-world analogies makes it easier to understand everything. He sure knows how to keep his class engaged, like that sorting hat video or his 'Computer Science' jokes. The extra effort he puts in is evident from the Bonus videos at the end of every class.
It was a good course. Simple explanations and good examples for everyone to understand the logic of programming. Of course as you can understand from the topic of the course it is for beginners, but if you are advanced you can finish the course so much faster also.As a conclusion i am happy what i learned from this course and will continue to dig Python for advanced courses from Michigan University.
good course for learning  python from beginning .its  a  course by which we who take interest in computer science . As we know , python is modern language for developing and creating ,designing a software and we also know, at present time  python plateform become larger day by day due to its simple syntex .so it is the better course for starting the learning python as secondary and primary language.
This course is a great intro to Python, Dr Chuck Severance is an excellent presenter and takes the students on a  journey though the basics of Python at a pace to suit the individual. It builds the students knowledge incrementally through the lectures and reenforces the knowledge through targeted assignments. Having looked at a number of online courses on Python this is the best I have seen to date.
Fantastic course which I can't praise enough. I have made so many attempts at learning coding and finally I 'got' it. The course is very well thought-through, has assignments every week and the lecturer is just absolutely fantastic. Charles Severance is so engaging, understanding, and passionate and he explains concepts and tasks extremely  well. I can't wait to get started with the next course :)
Really lovely professor! This is the very first Python course for me. It successfully enabled me to gain the interest of this fantastic language and get myself prepared for the further studies. I also get additional prompts from other leaners, which is valuable for me and keep me motivated. I am more than happy to learn Python now and willing to contribute to this positive and encouraging society.
I didn't enter this course because I wanted to learn Python as such; well that too, but I would actually like to teach, mentor, inspire and influence people in a positive way.  If I can be only half as good as Dr. Chuck, I'll be a very happy man :)When I have the financial resources, I would seriously consider doing the rest of the Python Specializations too.ThanksFrancois Laubscher, South Africa.
If only I had found this course when I started programming! This course is the best one for absolute beginners I have ever seen. All details are explained clearly, the teacher pays attention to many important things that are missed in other courses. I would like to recommend the course for anyone who hasn't got any experience in programming yet. Thank you Dr. Severance for the work you have done!
Hello world!First, thank you so much to the best instructor Dr.Chuck is so funny also. So don't worry you can laugh sometimes with learning. About the course is a very good choice for someone who doesn't know anything in programming or who wanted to start in. I like the examples for Dr.Chuck they are so easy to understand. Absolutely, I learned a lot with him. Thank you so much and a lot of love.
I started this course while looking to understand Python as a language because of my need to use it for my final year project. I have always loved coding but lately, the task of understanding a new language seemed insurmountable but taking this course with Doctor has helped me not only understand Python better but also helped me regain some of my previous confidence

THANK YOU DR. CHUCK

Cheers!!
Really great course for anyone looking to start their programming education with python. Perfect for beginners and honestly a decent refresher course for novices as well. Highly recommend that EVERYONE take this course, even if you don't think you have a use for Python right now, as I think it helps you explore critical thinking and a new type of learning for those without programming experience.
It's a great course for programming beginners, which gives you a basic understanding of the programming and python, and it includes pretty practical skills that can be used on daily work or studying. Besides, Prof. Severance's a really interesting person and he actually makes the coding much easier to understand and to follow by steps, as well as more attractive than it sounds! Thank you so much!
I liked the course and it helped me get back to studying after a long time. Dr Chuck was a very easy going teacher and I felt connected in listening to his lectures. The assignments, quiz and the reading material complimented the teachings. I took a while to get a grip of some of the functions, loops, iterations. For a beginning it felt good to do an online course (in the current COVID pandemic)
This course was laid out in a very logical manner and covered all the basics for any aspiring Python developer. I'm really pleased with the breadth and depth of material that was covered. It was also presented in such a way that it was easy to understand and apply quickly. Dr. Chuck is also a great presenter who comes off very genuine in his videos and makes the longer videos very easy to watch.
Content presented well.  Professor Chuck is great and feels like he's right there with you.  Very taken with his dedication and love of teaching.  It shines though and the course is wonderful.  I'm in it simply for the knowledge and it's all FREE!!!  This course should be mandatory in middle/high school.  So critical to just basic thinking and problem solving completely unrelated to programming.
I've been studying their courses taught by Dr. Chuck since 2015 and I can unequivocally say that he is one of a kind — the kind that helps you really understand concepts in stuff they teach. I just wish there were more professors like him guiding students across the world in complex topics, because teaching is more than spewing out information to students, and he does great teaching. Oh my God!
An excellent introduction to the very basics of Python (and programming in general) taught by a personable, straightforward, and encouraging professor in Dr. Severance. No previous knowledge of Python or anything programming-related is necessary, though it would certainly help you complete the course much faster if you had any prior experience. Highly recommended for Python novices of all ages.
it was a wonderful experience on coursera to watch such a fantastic Professor like Dr. chuck and learning Python from such a great personal Human being. Thanks a lot to Dr. chuck for educating people through online platform like coursera over the world wide. This certificate will definately help me in my academic and to achieve my future goal.Thanks to University of Michigan.Thanks to Coursera.
I printed the book and I was studying it and enjoying it on my free time. Unfortunately I was short noticed at work that my coursera subscription was going to be updated or something and that I should finish my pending courses ASAP. That made me rush on the online content but nevertheless the videos, exercises and materials online and offline are really good. Thank you very much for the course.
This course took my python knowledge from 0 to hero in just a few days. The teacher, THE SEVERUS SNAPE, was awesome, he's funny when he needs to be in order to keep things interesting, but he is also a great teacher, and explains everything really well. (Charles you're much better than Severus Snape). I love the course, and I recommend it to any beginner who wants to learn the basics of python.
The best course I have ever seen on Coursera. The teacher has patience with explaining a complicated subject, and makes it reasy to follow excercises and the textbook. This course has really brought my commitment to coursera back, after I almost competely left (this was supposed to be 'the last shot'). All beacuse of a fantastic teacher that makes learning (even the subject of programming) fun!
Absolutely EXCELLENT course for those who have never programmed or those who just want to start learning Python.  Charles Severance does a great job of fostering understanding of the core, transferable concepts of programming.  Also, this course provides ancillary information that provides a rich context for Python and programming in general.  If you want to learn programming, take this course.
Dr Chuck is extremely dedicated to teaching and clarity. His personality is very welcoming and he speaks clearly and thoughtfully. Some of the 'younger' MOOC instructors need to learn this to be more effective.I am going to try R Programming again.. but I wish John's Hopkins would take a few of Dr. Chuck's coures for inspiration on how to be more accessible.  Thanks Dr. C!   PLEASE KEEP IT FREE
Everything is just excellent about lectures, demonstrations, instructor etc. But the thing that needs correction is the autograder. It shows the same code right at one time and wrong at another time. I nearly spent 2 hours on finding what went wrong with the code and ended with the inconsistent compiling of the autograder. That's the only perk. Other than that, everything is excellent. Cheers!
Excelent course, I tried several times to learn how to code with python (even tough im not an expert at the moment) but I always felt that the instructor assumed that i had some previous information, this case was totally the opposite, Dr. Chuck leaves no gap in knowledge and makes sure you understand (even shows us where the memory storage is and how does it looks). I want to learn much more.
I am very glad by taking this course. Charles Russell is a great instructor, the way he taught is good as per the virtual learning. If he taught this well in the virtual lecture don't know how much better in the classroom. And Coursera thank you very much for this platform and the free course during this pandemic thanks a lot. Happy teaching to you and happy learning to me. Thankyou very much.
One of the best way to learn python is through this course. I love the way Dr. Chuck explains and elaborates each topic. His teaching is fantastic and he explains every topic very smoothly, the assignments and quizes conducted by them are excellent as they focus primarily on the basics. Dr. Chuck's course materials and slides are too good and gives us a lot of information. I loved this course.
Coursera offers motivated learners immense online educational varietyIf you are a student, a teacher with an active interest in e-learning, or a professional looking to develop your education and career prospects, Coursera may well be of interest to you. This leading online training and university course elearning provider offers an almost unparalleled range of course titles.thanks to coursera
My name is Jose Antonio. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11)I did this specialization to get new knowledge about Data Science Programming and better understand the technology and your practical applications. The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.Regards.Jose Antonio.
I had this mental restraint whenever i used to think about coding in general. But the tutor made the whole concept and idea about the coding so easy that I think i have found the new interest in Python. He just did not teach python but he also taught how in general communication between humans and computer happens, i found this very fascinating. Im looking forward for many such courses ahead.
Professor Severance explained it very clear and the content is very helpful for a beginner who has little knowledge of Python to start. The exercise is not hard (the last one is a little challenging) After the first course, I feel I know more abut Python and can't wait to start the 2nd one with Professor Severance. I highly recommend this course for someone who wants to start to learn Python.
Very good. I am a 31 year old accountant and have always wanted to learn programming. I've given it a few tries before, but I always ended up confused, bored, and discouraged. This course made it very clear what I needed to know and does a great job teaching you how to implement the concepts covered. I've already started the next course, and it continues in the same fashion. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
loved it ,i'm a under grad student in cs  i was interested in python for a long time and tried a bunch of python for beginners and didn't really go through with it. Dr chuks  passion and his way of teaching kept me interested to follow through .It was a easy enough because i already had c in my first semester and i gotta say python is way more fun.I want to complete the whole specialization.
I started this course with no prior coding experience, yet I was easily able to follow through the material. This course requires a lot of practice to master, but its worth it. The textbook is a great addition to the course, and a thorough reading of assigned chapter leads to an even better understanding of the material. I wish more courses are designed on Coursera with a companion textbook.
Very informative, the only down side is the last exercise is a bit to hard to do. It took me one day to figure out how to do that by using dict which isn't taught in this course. All and all, nice course, really appreciate the interview with the developer of Python and some outside information about the language, it makes me both interested and relaxed when learning this course 9.5 out of 10
This is the most helpful starter course for people who are interested in coding and Python. I would like to say thank you to the professor and his team who streamlined the course and provided great feedback during my learning process. This course helped me understand coding and the basics of Python. I am not sure how far I will go along the coding but this is definitely a great start for me!
Great course if you are a complete Python beginner. Helps you set up your machine and shows how to write simple scripts and execute them in terminal. Dr. Chuck is a fantastic teacher, and compared to other online courses here you will get fun lectures covering what you need on an introductory level. Also, all teaching material is available for free if one wishes to dig deeper. Two thumbs up!
A really great course to start learning how to program. Dr. Chuck, as everyone calls him, makes sure all the information is easy to grasp and apply in various assignments. It's a course that builds your confidence, as I have just completed this course and feel that I can make a pretty good program. This is the course to take if you are starting to program, as this Python course does the job.
Dr. Chuck is awesome. I was so bad, sooooo bad in programming that when I used to see programs, I would say to myself that Let's watch something(I can do this later). But thanks to Dr. C that I bought even a book on programming now and I am eager to know more about it and enjoying every bit of it. I wish and hope if I would have some teacher like you before. Thanks Dr. C and thanks Coursera.
I will recommended this course to every beginners. This course provides a complete basic knowledge of Python Programming and very helpful in problem solving and building logic. In this course Dr. Charles  provides a video lectures with clear and proper explanations of each and every topic with example. I loved this Programming For Everybody Course by Dr. Charles From University Of Michigan.
Dr. Severance's way of explaining the simplest of things with immense enthusiasm and great examples can hold the attention of anyone- be it an experienced programmer or an absolute layman. I like how the entire course content is available for anyone under the Creative Commons, this can do wonders in imparting programming education in countries like mine. Also, he seems to be a cool teacher.
I like Dr Chuck's way of teaching very much..and i loved doing the quiz and assignments ,the things you learn in the video , and then practically applying it really makes you grasp it deeply , The course really helps to develop your logic and creativity instead of being a boring ,lengthy , theoretical ,set of lectures , which are meant to be memorised.... great way of teaching Python .....
Excellent class! Was not a big fan of online courses; especially technical material but Dr Chuck is awesome. So engaging and he really makes the class fun. Really like the bonus videos as well as the format. Each chapter/ section broken down into small chucks so easier to digest. Small sections was also helpful if Is something was unclear and had to re-watch or re-read. Highly recommended.
This course is very helpful for those who wants to learn Python from basic. Besides, the instructor Dr.Chucks' teaching method is so helpful to understand this course easily although this was my first online course. At first I was little bit worried because of thinking that how much am I going to understand the Python but after watching few lectures I felt that I was learning comfortably.
I think Coursera deserves all the 5 stars for this course and I really thank Sir Charles Severance for teaching us so well.But I feel that the discussion forum needs a little more activeness to let us get answered by your professionals a little more efficiently. This is actually a bit difficult but it allows us, the students to be more independent.Thankyou so much!RegardsKhushboo Parashar
This course is excellent! Granted, I've learned some programming languages before so it was easy, and a good reminder of the basic elements of a programming language, but the lectures were entertaining and illustrative, the assignments were fun, and I think it's a good introduction to those who have not taken programming before. I really enjoyed the course! Looking forward to what's next!
Lecturer Charles is one amazing lecturer who brings joy into the world of programming. Prior to this course, I have been learning Python via youtube etc and find it very difficult to understand those videos on youtube. Lecturer Charles makes everything in the course easy to understand and even added in some touch of humour to make the classes more fun and entertaining. Highly recommended!
Its a very good course specially for those who would like to learn programming from level zero as well as for those who has some knowledge about programming but not clear enough for him or her to continue with so therefore this course will help him or her to strengthen the basic of programming (of course in Python).Thanks to the respected instructor and thanks to coursera for the course!!
The course was well laid out to build your skills in a seamless progression. Dr. Chuck presents the material in a clear and concise manner.  The material was neither too challenging, that it was ineffective, nor too easy, that it failed to get the student to make the connections needed for learning to occur. This is said for a student that has never programmed (I fall into that category).
I have been struggling with coding for almost a year until I found this course...Following the lead of Charles Severance and the power of Slytherin I was able to complete this course in due time! it was by no means easy but entertaining! I still have a lot to learn and practice but I must say this course is worth all of it and I will be doing all these courses made by this great teacher!
This class really helped me to successfully start python 3. As a doctor of polymer chemisty, I have experienced MATLAB programming but I don't really know any basics or definition of the terms people using; I learned MATLAB myself with no fundamentals at all. I think PY4E is really helpful for whom need computation works, like numerical calculations, but don't know anything about python.
Even though the course is designed for people that do not know anything about programming, and I am an intermediate level programmer, I find it very enjoyable and interesting. The bonus lectures are the best. The assignments are easy and clear. But the most important thing is that the instructor "Charles Russell Severance" is amazing, he has a nice personality and he is very informative.
I am a Java Developer . So It was kind of very easy course for me . But for a beginner , I can say it's one of the best basic python course . Anyone with no coding background will find it useful . Professor is fantastic . Specially I loved the approach of not giving extra load . Smoothly building up . Anyone who is planning to start programming , should give it a try. Thanks coursera  .
I am very satisfied. This course offers a professional introduction to python programming. It includes personal experiences of the python makers and the teacher together with students around the world, a clear and well structured content including theory, explanations, examples, exercises, and tests. The teacher motivates continuously to think, to understand and apply the new knowledge.
Print("Hello World:)")After trying my hands at many online courses, I found this one to be THE BEST. Reason: For someone like me who had no exposure to coding before this, this provided me the ultrabasic foundation. I have started to feel a little bit excited as I write code (and struggle too!). This had not happened earlier. Thank you, Professor Charles. You are really a great teacher!
Very detailed course for who wants to understand the basis of programming. It really explains the ideas without assuming anything or jumping from a simple problem to a complex program without building the basis.. Is like being back to college, but choosing what you really want to study and at what time.. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera for the opportunity.. keep up with the great work!
Really great course! It gives excellent introduction to programming. 
Complex things are put in a very easy to understand way. Clear 
understanding gives a good start to use in practice. Excellent 
assignments and practice exercises. Definitely I will recommend this 
course as a start to my colleagues who would like to start learn 
programming! Thank you very much for this great course!
The course has been tough, but good. I found Professor Charles Severance equal to the task. His presentation is excellent. I wish these courses could incorporate some practical examples before quizzes are given. This would boost students' confidence. I am promoted to the next stage of the course. I am therefore looking forward to it. Thank you 'Team Coursera, especially Prof Severance"!
It was interesting and new for me to take this online course. I enjoy the way Dr.Charles gave the lessons.But I still hope if there could be more exercises, like coding, that are not mandatory for us to practice.And it will be better if there is explanation for each exercise question, which does help us to firmly review what has been taught through previous videos. Overall, I did enjoy!
I have a background in music education, and wanted to dive into my husband's world so I took this course.  It has really helped me to think more like my husband.  I have started to communicate with him about his work instead of just listening intently and trying to understand on my own.  I expect the other courses to continue helping me move into his world so I can share in his passion.
Super easy and broken down to the basics for absolute beginners to programming. But if you're someone  like me who's already had some basic knowledge about how programs and programming works it's going to be way easier for you and actually it might feel going a bit too slow at time.  Keeping in mind that this was made for absolute new-comers, it's all understandable and works fabulous.
I am glad that to have come across this course especially because I am from a non-programming background. The instructor makes it very easy for students with no programming language to understand the concepts of Python. Considering that most the jobs today require some degree of know-how on data analytics tools, languages and software, this course is the perfect start to Journey ahead.
Its a good course having simple teaching style. i found a new Teaching style in here. If any mistake is in the code, tutor will always says its not you are not suitable for programming, it is python is lost.  I really appreciate that sentence, because that is more encourage students like me. Thanks to Coursera and University of Michigan for giving me this amazing tutor and this course.
"This is the first time I have attended a class in this format and wondered how effective it would be. It was very effective and therefore I would definitely be interested in attending other classes in the same format. The instructor was very knowlegeable and provided a wealth of information about the current version, especially since the last version I used was several releases ago."
This is course is really good and useful as well as the instructor who has amazing way of explaining and introducing new concepts and material of science. I also like the bonus section very much with its interviews videos as well as the brilliant quizzes that really focus on the important points. I am really excited to complete the remaining courses. Thank You, University of Michigan!
I learned a lot from this course and Dr.Chuck is a great instructor, and I will take the new course and thanks to you for this certification from Coursera and the UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN, I really enjoyed learning this course .. Highly recommend it to anyone who wants to build programming skill using python, and from Egypt: God bless you Dr chuck, best instructor ever. yours sincerely.
This course is really well organised for beginners to learn and have basic understanding of python and how actually computer works and how a set of statements perform specific work and gives us desired output.Prof. has put in a lot of effort to make this course very interactive for us.Thanks for developing this course for us.I would suggest everyone who's beginner to take this course.
This is a very basic course. Everyone can understand the concepts well. I have already know the programming concepts and proficiency in C++. But the amazing thing is that my high school going son has studied this and even he can understand the concepts of programming. Now he is a position to write small programs. We are moving to the second course in this section.  Thank you very much
I'm super happy that I found this course as the first course I chose to learn programming, before this course, I just believe that programming is way too hard for a girl like me to understand. Professor Severance really the kind of teacher who can ease your mind and teach you some amazing skills at the same time, the way he explains python really amusing and easy to understand.Thanks.
This is a very helpful course for beginners of Python. The instructor did a good job organizing the contents and explaining the concepts and code structure. I have some experience with some other programming language so the content is quite familiar, since there is lots of overlaps. However, I think people without any programming experience won't have any problem following the course.
I had no clue about how python would look and feel like even though I had basic C++ experience. I would say the course is designed so well and especially Prof. Dr. Chuk explains so calmly that I could easily understand and digest it. Thank you for such a wonderful course and an instructor for introducing me to Python in such a wonderful way. A memorable introduction to Python for me.
The instructor Dr. Charles Severance is really amazing he keeps you connected and learning. The course is very interesting and you will learn a lot. About 4 weeks ago I didnt know anything about python and now I have proudly  completed the course learning many new things and can't wait to use my skills further and pass on the knowledge. Thankyou Coursera Thankyou Dr.Charles Severance
The course was designed perfectly for a person who is unfamiliar with any kind of programming language. The instructor has put a great effort into making things easy. With a little effort, one can create his base for python. Watch all the lectures, read chapters from the book provided, and you are good to go. Overall, the course is exciting. You will not get bored during this course.
On completing this course you will have a basic idea on python language. I really enjoyed taking this course. The in-between assignments will test your understanding and helps you to get the better knowledge about the language.The quizzes which are simple yet gives more fun.If you are interested in learning python language then complete this course for getting a good basic knowledge.
This course is great!!! It will teach you the beginning of python syntax but more importantly it gives you a really good foundational understanding of the concepts behind the code you are writing. Like any new language there are moments when you get stuck and it is frustrating however Professor Severance's videos and the book actually make those moments quite navigable and rewarding.
Dr. Chuck's way of teaching is always wonderful. This is a second course i have taken for Dr. Chuck and i am planning to take all the courses for Python specialization. This course is very helpful for the people who want to learn Python  programming as it contains very basics of programming and designed in such a way that anyone can learn it without having any programming background.
Everything was good, but as seen in the forum, more explanation around how to deal with "None" with respect to the minimum could have been included.  Additionally, I think there have been modifications and the final assignment has changed.  Specifically on the latter, the last assignment no longer ask to compute an average but rather a maximum and minimum.  Really good class overall.
my name is zaid. it was really an amazing course. i had no idea that 'Dr. CHUCK' would explain things so nicely. although i had few hiccups in graded assignments but it was overall fun. i forgot programming after my BTech from IIT (several years back). But now i again feel very enthusiastic and eager to do more and more programming.  thanks a lot coursera and thanks a lot Dr. Chuck.
Hey there I just completed this course which was sponsored by my university, I want to tell you guys that this is a very easy course for learning basics of python plus the way of teaching of Dr chuck is very interesting, assignments are super easy. I just loved it.Note: you can complete this 7-week course in just 6 days if u want, as I did, so best of luck stay blessed stay inspired
As someone who is already fluent in Java, "Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)" was a great way to start familiarizing myself with the general syntax of Python. I blew through this course in a couple of days, and really learned a lot about how to transform simple Java statements into Python. Great work in designing this course Dr. Severance! Onto Data Structures!
This training session is really a good kick start for the beginners who dream to learn an easy coding language, I would say I love Python now which would like to see myself from beginner to mid-level and advance level and thereafter to reach my goal to be a professional python developer.Thanks a lot to the trainer for spending his valuable time and sharing knowledge  with us..!! :-)
Professor Severance is an excellent instructor who focuses on clearly explaining the different components of Python. As a beginner to coding, I found this course to be very accessible,  while still being challenging enough that I remained engaged throughout the series of lectures, quizzes, and assignments. I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning Python.
Wow.. what a journey!! This course is a great path for someone who wants to have a gentle taste what a programming is about.. Dr Chuck has done amazing job and sitting every evening on lectures and assignments was so enjoyable.. Thank you so much for an opportunity .. I have gained such a great skill thanks to your dedication.. what a great job! Thank you !! See you on Course 2!! ;)
i am very thankful to coursera and it was my first course in coursera. i loved and like the way lecture teaches to student like me and the materials which are provided are good. i never felt bore in class and i am very thankful to have lecture like Dr.Charles Russell Severance and ii wish i could have get teacher like him in future. i liked continue my remaining courses in coursera
I wish i had a Professor Like Chuck in my college. His Style of Teaching is Very Interactive & Unique. While taking his course i would feel Tired or Bored. Once you sit to watch his lectures you'd want to just keep going & going & test what you've learned by completing the assignments which a given after each & every topic to keep you focused throughout the course. thankyou Chuck!!
Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher, i am a design student, and i had no prior knowledge of programming, still i could comprehend each new topic as it was introduced by sir, almost immediately.  i recommend everyone who wants to learn python to take up this course irrespective of your academic background. all you need is your phone and an internet connection and you are ready to start.
Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.A great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. I had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.
The initial topics and concepts are very well explained, which helps to build a solid foundation for learning future advanced programming techniques. Prof. Charles has taken time to elaborate on basics which can be easily grasped by complete beginners. The language and pace of course is easy and the lessons are peppered with lot of examples and video interviews of industry experts.
The course is excellent and helpful for zero background people to get to know Python step by step. And I really like the instructor as he actually get you through python step by step in a easily understood way. From the first course, programming is not like something magical to me any more and I got to know how computer works in the background. Thanks a lot for the amazing course!
I like the way that the instructor teached, very clear and straight forward while also vey humorous. I'm planning to take other classes which is relevent to python. By the way, I think this course might be a little to easy for people who have some basics for computer science or already learn other kinds of machine language. I suppose I would take more challenge classes if I known.
I would recommend this course highly, Charles Severance is a delightful teacher who communicates easily to non-technical people and technical alike. What I like, is I feel like I understand what I'm doing, it's not a simple 'monkey see' or 'monkey do' process that is common with a lot of online courses. Very much enjoyed doing this course and would like to continue with some more.
The only course I've actually start learning some programming. Especially good for those who don't know anything about programming and could hardly imagine how things done inside this electrical magic box.In some sense better than Codeschool, task is a bit harder, and the overall coverage is deeper, though I passed it on 1.5x video speed because of lots of talking. Like it anyway.
Fantastic introductory course by Dr. Chuck.  The material is very well laid out and assignments/quizzes can be tied back to material in both Coursera Videos and the course textbook.  The intro course was challenging enough to force the students to truly follow the lecture material, but also not so difficult that assignments were impossible to complete for a first time programmer.
This is my first course on coursera. During this pandemic, I got a mail from East Delta University that I can do some online courses offering by coursera. I didn't take a minute to enroll in some courses. Among them, I started with this course. Instructor D. Chuck is awesome in teaching. The way he teaches us is like I felt that I am doing the class in front of him in live class.
This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to, unlike some moocs I have taken where the teachers were reading and got the intonation all wrong--very distracting.
An excellent introduction to Python, programming, and basic control flow logic. I'm happy to receive certification for my hard work endorsed by the University of Michigan. Dr. Charles Severence does an outstanding job presenting this course. Extremely informative and I am so excited to continue this journey that I am starting the next course immediately after writing this review.
I have tried several other training programs in my efforts to learn Python and this has been, by far the best. Let's face it, Python is a huge subject that requires a deft touch when it comes to finding a good path to get you started. Dr. Severance demonstrates remarkable skill in doing just that, mixing instruction with practice modules to get you started as quickly as possible.
This is very important course if you wanna to be a very good Python Programmer than i will recommand everyoneto start this course. This course is covering all the basic to advance topics of PYTHON .Also the instructor is well-prepared and amazing with deep knowledge in programming........At last i waanna say this is an amazing course to learn to understand all concepts of PYTHON.
Instructions were easy to follow and help was easy to get. The book explained the concepts well and there was enough challenge that I felt as if I was forced to learn it. Towards the end I started skipping the videos and just reading the book to see if I understood the concepts then watched the videos as I got stuck. With some background in programming this was easy to complete.
The course is a real starter for my programming journey with Python. The contents are very inclusive. The instructor and video lectures are very interactive as well. The exercises are fun and learning at the same time. Overall, the course is a one-stop go for people starting to program with Python. It eliminates need for searching resources online and hence saves a lot of time.
This course was outstanding!  I learned more from one month of this course than I did while taking a semester of computer science course at my university.  Also, the language being taught in this course (Python) is much more intuitive than many of the other programming languages I have tried (C++ and BASIC).  This course is a must for anyone who wants to learn computer science!
This a great course to get you started with Python , even if you're new to programming all-together. Dr. Charles Severance is one of the greatest , most skilled tutors I've ever seen and his effort in this course was mainly focused on conveying the most basic building blocks and concepts of programming in general and applying it using Python language. Definitely a great course.
This is an excellent course to start with Python and Prof. Charles has build up an excellent course work.Listening to his lecture is like listening to a music and going deep into it exploring new pathways.His way of delivering the lecture is so simple yet so deep that even a person without any CS background could get on par. Thanks again and looking forward for the next course.
I enjoy that a very known author wrote this course. More than anything, I enjoy that the textbook is free and that the course materials are here for me to consume and learn at my pace. I also like the quizzes and the interactive checker we have for checking our code. Sometime I'm working off my phone and can't access a python interactive environment until I get home from work.z
This was great boost for my Programming capabilities and learned a lot from Dr Chuck. He teaches very well and make concepts look more easier as they are, although i already knew about C/C++ programming i believe Coursera and Dr. Chuck made things more clearer to me. I really appreciate the time and effort he had put into this for the benefit of Thousands of student Worldwide.
Glad that I finally completed my first online course. I have always been interested in programming, but for personal reasons, I have been delaying learning to program. During the popularity of COVID-19, I finally put learning programming on my agenda. P4E is a perfect introductory programming course for me. I like it, so I decided to continue to follow the programming courses.
Well-paced, good course for beginners. The instructor is very good. If you have absolutely no background on programming in any language, this is a great place to start. If you're an experienced professional who knows how to code, you'll find this course very easy to complete. That, however, does not take anything away from the fact that this is a good starter course on Python.
Excellent teaching. Each night I look forward to class after a full day of work. I highly recommend Prof Severance and would also buy the book on Amazon for $10. I originally printed out the pdf version, but found it helpful to write directly in the book. The videos and book go nicely together. The homework is challenging for a complete beginner, but satisfying when completed.
Excellent teaching! At the very begin I kind of got lost on following the classes because  I continue listening on you tube one after one...  without realizing those were other chapters not cover. So on the second time getting back I didn't see the youtube classes but directly videos into cousera. A friend advised me not to keep following otherwise I would get lost again... :)
I liked the fact that the lessons are simple but to the point, and assumed no prior knowledge of anything resembling programming. Though it is of course very easy to anyone who has even limited programming knowledge, I want to say thank you for providing a friendly and non-judgemental way of teaching a programming language, an experience I did not have when I was being taught.
Thank you for this course. the course is well organized and of very high quality! Thank you for bringing thes knowledge to us student and making it accessible. Because of the presence of professor Dr. Severance, it make the learning much easier, and because of the experience that he has, it make things so easier to learn and to understan in a global manner. Thank you so much!
This is a very interesting and amazing course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all.I love enrolling in such a Mooc . It was very beneficial and i would definitely recommend this course to people.
"Python for everybody'" is really wonderful course as now I have the python programming skills. This is one very useful course for beginners who wants to learn python and don't have idea that where to start so them this one is best. I would like to thank Dr. chuck for his guidance. Assignments and quizzes are really because it checks your overall understanding of the chapter.
Coursera offers motivated learners immense online educational varietyIf you are a student, a teacher with an active interest in e-learning, or a professional looking to develop your education and career prospects, Coursera may well be of interest to you. This leading online training and university course elearning provider offers an almost unparalleled range of course titles.
I really liked the course. the material is taught very simply and very clearly. After each lesson, I don’t have any additional questions. All material is presented very intelligibly and simply. I advise everyone to take the course. Personally, I bought the rest of the material and will study the entire discipline to the end. I want to thank the teacher for the excellent work.
The assignment was very hard but worked video was helpful. I think since the assignments were challenging, it helped me put more effort and go over what I have learned. I hope that the quizzes have various sets so that I could check whether I learn everything correctly. Overall lecture was very organized and well explained! I recommend this course to all beginners for python!
It was very knowledgeable and informative!! Love the way you explain the logic of Python, its statements, functions, loops and all those tricky little things that make computer speak to us:))

Especially that part about how it interprets what we are saying to the Python: blah blah blah print blah blah blah do while blah blah blah... :)) No wonder my dog looks funny at me!:))
Being that I was familiar with other programming languages prior to taking this course, I appreciate the quality of this introduction. I do with that this course went further into classes and larger scope programs but I'm sure that is included in the subsequent courses. So glad I had the opportunity to learn everything I did in this course. Thanks Dr. Severance and Coursera!
A great way to learn and from the comfort of my own home.  I am really getting a lot out of the course.  I am taking the advice of the teacher and am playing with what I have already learned.  That is making all the difference in the world to me.  It is a good idea that I am lucky enough to take advantage of, thank all of you people that have made this happen.Your the Best!!
Thank You Coursera & the faculty members of University of Mechegan who for providing online courses & guidance for the  students in the 3rd world like me . I have really really really liked and loved this course, It was very thorough and detailed ...   Now I can clearly and confidently say that I can  write and understand python 3 and even 2 code. Dr. Chuck ...God bless you
This was the most interesting course I did on Coursera. And it was all due to Professor Charles.He made sure it was interesting to learn Python with his silly humor and a deep explanation of every topic with the help of examples. Although I had prior programming experience still I am quite sure even for a beginner this would have been a suitable course to start programming.
This is an excellent course for basic programming knowledge for many reasons:The instructor,Charles Severance, has an easy way to break down concepts and make them easily understandable. There are exercise with feedback and very well explained solutions.The studying materials are also provided as pdf.I highly recommend it for anyone that would like to start learning python!
My first step in becoming programmer. This curse don't teach you programming in exact meaning of this word. It teaches you syntax and general rules & how to put code together. What is more valuable is that it teaches you to think how computers think and so how to talk to them, which is in my opinion the most valuable skill you can learn in IT in general. THANK YOU Coursera!
This course was the first course I took in programming. I am an MD with zero math skills. It was fantastic. It was great for my level and I'm now more confident that I can learn and use python. The lecture and the book which are free were very understandable. Dr Charles is a fantastic teacher. This is by far the greatest course I've took via Coursera. Thank you Dr. Charles.
This is my first Python specializaiton course in Cousera. I am a non-programming learners, so actually I was a little nervous about I wandor if I could understand what the teacher might talk about. But as I joined in the course and watch the video materials, I become more and more relax and motivated to take this specialization. Dr. Charles was really nice and considerable.
I enjoyed taking this course so much! Before I started taking this course, I knew nothing about programming nor Python. I still don't know a lot, but I was very surprised about how much I enjoyed taking this course, because I was in the healthcare field, and decided to shift my career path to 180 degree. I look forward to take more courses that are instructed by Dr. Chuck!
The course is really great.I know programming in C and so I could complete the course in short time.People who are new to programming can find this course very useful.Don't miss it.Start learning the language to communicate with python :) :).This is how the instructor says often.Really,I can't leave without appreciating the instructor.He is so cool and so good in teaching.
I really enjoyed the course. I would like to say explicitly that you can either watch the videos or read the chapter in the text. Since they were essentially the same information, I found teaching myself with the text more efficient, and then working on the assignments to work best for me. I also retained the information a little better (due to my personal learning style).
One of the best courses I have ever completed and it's all because of the way Charles Russell Severance teaches. It is simple, subtle, comic, and interesting. I had no prior knowledge before the course and now I can understand programming. It has also increased my enthusiasm and interest in Python. Thank you, Charles. Thank you, University of Michigan. Thank you, Coursera.
This course is explicit and easy to follow for those who have zero knowledge of Python or programming. The Prof. is nice and humorous. His instruction is natural as we are taking a physical class. If you are a newbie for programming and want to learn more about Python, I highly recommend this course.  Thank you, Univesity of Michigan and Prof. for implementing this course.
Just like it says, it is programming for everybody - It lived upto it's name and ofcourse explained every bit in detail and anyone who does not know python would definitely get to know a major chunk to start of their work in python from this work. I would like to thank Dr Chuck, his team and also coursera and their members for putting this up for the benefit of the people.
The way he teaches is really beginner friendly as well as experienced python programmer friendly.I just had to refresh my python 3, so I breezed through the course within 4 hours. I had to watch is videos but at 1.75x, it was really a refresher. If you're coming for a recap of python, you'll easily breeze through the entire course, right from Week 1 to 7  within 3-4 hours.
After completing the specialization, I can say that this is a thorough course for Python programming that starts from the very basics to a pretty in depth understanding of the programming language. It provides with a complete set of skills that can be applied to your very needs. Highly recommended for beginners and people that want to consolidate their knowledge in Python.
One of the best Professors. he takes things slow and same time ensures you understand everything and not miss on most obvious things. His experience with students helps a lot. Professor knows what mistakes student is going to make in certain programs and clarifies that for students very well before. Overall learning online experience is also very nice. Thank you Coursera.
Very good course, i enjoyed it very much.Any beginner student can do this course, Dr charles ,our instructor made it easy and full of excitement. Do this course without skipping a second because each second inspire you for becomming a good programmer. Thank you Coursera, Michigan university and also Dr. charles severance sir for building such good course on this platform.
This course is obviously a 5 star class..But! I would appreciate a bit more help during some assignments. I'm sure the staff is doing the best it can, but when you pay, you expect something small back. The certificate is really not the issue here, it's the knowledge.Besides that, the course is amazing. Couldn't have asked for a better entrance to the world of programming.
The content of the first course is basic, I know that it ignores some complicated concepts so new beginners can get through Python quickly. I think this course is friendly for new learners and helpful for me because I can get into other courses as quickly as I can. Thanks! The concepts contained in this class is easy to understand, and I will recommend it to my classmates
Great introduction to Python from a knowledgeable instructor who moves through the material at the right pace to maintain ones attention and interest. I managed the 7 week course (despite a full time corporate job, which asks a lot this time of year) in around 2 weeks which has made me motivated to keep going. Looking forward to moving onto the rest of the specialization.
Excellent Course...! Course content and Course flow is right up to the mark for beginners and persons like me who are totally newbie for Python and are not having background in Computer Science. Dr. Chuck is Outstanding. The way he designed this course and explains everything is way better then any course taught online for python beginners. I am highly satisfied with it.
Dr Chuck is one of the best teachers that anybody can definitely find for learning Python and programming as a whole. He is very thorough with the subject matter and very much helps you to improve as a programmer. Quite a few more exercises can have been more better as a whole for improving as a programmer. Still an awesome introduction to the work of python programming.
This was very helpful! The lecture was easy to follow, and all the materials including quiz and assignments were extremely helpful for me to try what I've learned from the lecture. I highly recommend this course to anyone who has interests in learning python, but hesitating because of the fear of learning unfamiliar stuff. Looking forward to taking other courses as well!
I can't imagine a better introduction to programming. The instructor was knowledgeable, on point, engaging, and explained the reasons/the WHY behind what we were learning. The course book is excellent, as are the course exercises. Thanks to this course, I feel confident in my ability to do basic programming tasks and encouraged to keep learning and growing these skills.
I've been trying to get into programming for years(!),but have failed over and over because I thought it was boring and I just couldn't wrap my mind around its purpose. It wasn't until this course that I was able to get as far as I've gotten. The instructor is excellent and made seemingly difficult concepts very easy to understand. Highly recommended. Thank you, Prof S!
I would take this opportunity to extend my gratitude for Mr. Charles to help us understand the entire course with precision. He kind of explains complex and difficult stuffs in a manner that the listener grabs it immediately. All the slides and the content were thoughtfully prepared so as to teach all the possibilities one could face while writing a code. Thanks a lot!
Several years ago I could barely operate a computer beyond online shopping and drafting a letter using Microsoft Word. Now I am able to write simple codes; this has given me valuable insight into the various types of technology I rely on day to day. If this course can teach me how to code using Python, then it really must be for everyone. I highly recommend this class!
I have never learned python before this class, and when i finished this class, I think this is very useful to me that I realize the basic conception of python . Now I can write some basic programs by myselfs.I will give this course 5/5 stars because the professor's teaching is very clearly. I can totally understand what he said and how should I thinking as a programer.
What an excellent introduction to Python! Clearly, Prof. Severance is a gifted instructor. His explanations are so precise and easy to understand; it was a joy to go through the materials. It is a very well put-together course.  I would highly recommend this course to anyone new to programming.  I am looking forward to moving onto the next course in the specialisation.
I am really thankful to Sir Charles Severance for making this course easy to understand for the absolute beginners. This course helps understand the basics of python in an easy way and develops interest for those who have no prior background of programming. Thank  you Sir Charles Severance and the team for their effort in designing this course in the best possible way.
Great course for programming beginners. Professor Chuck does a great job starting with the basics. Programming is essential and the course does a good job at making you think without rote memorization. The assignments encourage one to think about the process and how one can apply the learned material to a given problem. 100% recommend to anyone wanting to learn python.
This course is very clear, elaborative and explains basics very nicely. Especially the Professor is very interactive and is providing a lot of insight into each and every topic with apt examples and comparisons. I feel very blessed to be a student in this course. I hope with some more practice and logical thinking I can achieve my goal of learning and coding in python.
A great course to start learning the methods of computer programming and also a perfect platform to revise and re-memorize programming logic and skills. Thank you Dr Chuck for such wonderful presentation and making python learning such a fun. The motivational talks by some of the pioneers in modern day production indulged me to think different and move forward in life.
I started this course with a healthy bit of skepticism. I never thought that in the course of 7 weeks this baby boomer  would  be able to sufficiently gather a basic understanding of  programming  and actually write simple scripts. But many thanks to Dr Chuck's visuals, and  detailed explanations this course was enjoyable and  rewarding.  On to the next Python course !
This is the first online course that I have been able to successfully complete. It is by far, the best online educational experience I have had. The course  is well structured where the notes, the lecture  videos and assignment  are well synchronize , allowing you to follow along so well. I strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to Get Started with Python!
The course was great! I really enjoyed the way Prof. Charles Severance taught. He made things interesting and explained the concepts really well. His teaching was truly amazing! His way of teaching has helped me to solve the assignments with relative ease. I never felt lost in any of the lectures. The assignments and quizzes were great, too. Thank you for this course!
I found this course really useful and informative. Before starting this course, I had zero experience in python programming, but at the end of it, I was confident that I had a strong foundation in python to build upon. Dr.Chucks additional videos were inspiring and interesting. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn programming from scratch.
As an accounting student, I have little knowledge about programing before taking this course. Through the learning process, I started to have a basic understanding of the python lanuage. With the class exercies, I evaluated my learning progress and learned how to apply what I had learned. I'm preparing to learn the next course and improve my python knowledge tomorrow!
This course was incredibly easy to understand for someone who has little to no coding experience.  I'm excited about what I'll be able to do after completing the entire specialization and look forward to future classes with Dr. Severance.  If you're thinking about jumping into Python for the first time and gaining more than just basic knowledge, this class is for you!
This course was exactly as advertised.  It truly was accessible to the non-programmer through a step by step methodology with clear presentation.  What was a wonderful surprise was the personable way Dr Chuck presented and how he shared best practices that leveraged Atom, command line executionand the program checker.  Well done! I plan on continuing with this series.
A great introduction to Python (and really to programming in general). The course has a very suitable balance between easy-to-understand explanations and a bit more challenging problems. I love that you are not allowed to post code in the forums, as this really challenges you to solve the problems on your own (but with assistance from the teaching staff, if required).
I loved this course, but I was a bit unhappy when I realized that if I wanted to continue the specialization I would have to pay for it. This did leave a bit of a sour after-taste. All in all I am very satisfied with courses on coursera (have taken a few already) and I also like the style dr.Chuck uses to teach. It the future I will search for some other free courses.
Great for a real beginner. Explanation is clear, very structured! This program is helping you to build how to communicate with Python language. Well explanation on how Python (general programming language) understand syntax (human order) If you already have good foundation of programming language, it might be easy for you. If you not, then this is great for baby step!
Excellent course, specially if you want to start from scratch. It gives you the feeling of being in an actual class. I've done the whole codecademy python course, which was very focused on the practical side, and it is great now to do this course to understand the theory behind it, and what was I actually doing. I'll certainly continue. Thanks for the awesome content!
This course overcome my expectation, I thought it was going to be more basic but actually, I learned several concepts for programming in python. I just finished the first course and I already sign up for the next one. The teacher is so expressive, kind and he tries to explain easily all of the concepts. I recommended it if you want to start in this programming world.
I would to thanks coursera and our Python instructor Dr. Chuck. It was so easy to learn with Dr. chuck. He explained it very well. I never got bored at any point during learning this course. It was so interesting and now I know I'm able to understand the programs and write some code also. I'll keep coding. Thank you Dr. Chuck for motivation and knowledge you gave us.
I got to say it's a really funny experience. People always think programming is a boring stuff, but this course really show how funny the programming could be. I remember someone told me that the only difference between elite and loser is perseverance. I do believe this course will encourge more people join the programming team, let programming make the world better!
Clear, precise, and unintimidating. Dr. Chuck breaks down fundamental programming concepts very well and in layperson's terms. This course was a great refresher for me, as I put down my Javascript hat last year and needed to brush up on these core coding fundamentals. Would recommend this class to anyone who is interested in beginning their coding journey via Python.
Yeah!!! This is the first course that I finally complete at coursera (out of the 10 - 15 that I tried and never finished). This is a really nice course for Python introduction mainly because of Dr. Chuck. I never felt bored and what Dr. Chuck managed was to spark my curiosity to learn more! If you tried to learn programming but failed, this is the course you MUST do!
I love the professor, he is humorous and makes language fun. You know at beginning I don't like program at all and this is my first programming lesson. Thanks to the lesson, it makes me be interested in programming. And the lesson is not very difficult, every can learn about it, and the practice is practical. At last, thank you so much for your effort on this lesson!
An excillent course designed for people wit zero experience about programming. Takes a good approach on building a programming mindset and generates a programming thinking ability. Covers topics such as expressions, loops , functions, etc. in a very beginner friendly way making it best for someone taking into world of programming with python as their first language.
For the first time, I have taken a course online. It has been a wonderful experience for me. This course is very suitable for a person who does not know anything about python. I learned all the things and the explanation provided was good. Charles Severance explains every concept in a simple way with good examples.  I would like to do more courses here.  
Thank you!
Was an amazing experience learning this course. I must say that everyone should learn programming. I was not sure initially when I took the course, but when I started learning the course, I got more understanding. I used to get stuck at some exercise, but  Dr. Chuck instructed very easily for every class, which made me learn more from the course. Thanks, Professor.
Absolutely outstanding course. Really liked the lectures, the examples, and the exercises. It's been much easier to learn Python through this course than simply reading a book and doing exercises. Charles Severance's explanations really make the language much more understandable. Really liked the bonus material as well - especially the material on Guido Van Rossum.
Thanks for the opportunity for learning from one of the best teachers of one of the best universities of the world. The materials of the course are well suited for beginner programmers and great. Also I would like to suggest to make several mini quizzes regarding the topics if the lectures instead of having big ones. I think it can be helpful for beginner students.
This is a really interesting, student friendly and at the same time challenging course. Dr. Chuck is very intriguing and makes it fun for continuing with the course. The course appears to be a well planned one as well. I am starting to build a good sense of programming after taking up the course and I am feeling more confident about the technicality in programming.
This course is perfect for students who are already familiar with any programming language, but if someone's totally new to programming then they might have little problem while understanding the stuff, because newbies will not understand why we are storing values or things like that.Otherwise this is best explained course with clear voice and perfect explanation.
Great class! Dr. Charles Severance puts across the syllabus in the most easily understandable language with examples that a novice can literally picture happening. The bonus videos along with the interview videos are added information that bring to light areas that get missed out otherwise. Overall great course. Would recommend it to those looking to learn Python.
It is a very good introductory course to Python programming focused on people with minimum or no computer programming background at all. It gives you a push start to engage into Python programming and learn to love coding in Python. The course instructor is amazing! The material and the slides/videos are well prepared and paced at an adequate level for a beginner.
Excellent class! I recommend it to anyone trying to learn programming. Dr. Chuck is a wonderful teacher. The class progresses at a nice comfortable pace. His lectures and code examples are thorough and informative. He takes the mystery out of programming and gives you the tools to make you feel like learning to code is attainable. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera!
It's truly a course for  absolute beginners who want to learn coding. You are gonna enjoy throughout the course because Mr. chuck is really a fantastic and funny professor. Besides these,  the computing videos in the end of every module adds up to the knowledge and inspires to be consistent  on what we are learning . The videos of office tours are also beautiful.
This course is amazing! Like 'hello world' is the first code that almost every programmer writes, I recommend everyone to take this course as  a first step towards learning Python or starting to code as a whole. Thanks to Dr. Chuck aka Dr. Charles Severance, the professor and University of Michigan for making it fun and not boring or bewildering.
Love from India!
It's a very simplified form of presentation into the basic of python which has provided me with a outline of python. Being new to this programming language i was hesitation to do an online course which i have never experienced in my until today. This online course was very helpful to me in understanding the basics and also boost spirit in learning courses online.
I would say, if someone had any sort of coding background in any language, they will finish the course in a breeze. And for someone who is new to the computer science or programming, it will be like when i learned my first language, little confusing at first but things eventually seem very easy. The key is to not give up. Try Try till till you get the code right.
Great Course to get started. I thought the material and lecture videos were great. I could pause and type the code to follow along. I could have used a few more assignments to really dial in the basics, but I am sure there will be plenty in the following courses. It was just enough of the basics to give me the bug continue on and explore the possibilities of pyth
This is my first Coursera course and it's really helpful. I had a few programming experience in C/C++ and a little experience in Fortran too, but just get started with Python. Dr. Chuck is a really great teacher. Even for so-called "experienced programmer" like me, this course provides a brand new perspective to learn and get more understanding about programming.
The instructor's approach to explaining programming concepts was great for a true beginner like myself. Strategies for avoiding common errors and frustrations were helpful. I was able to complete the course rather quickly, but I easily could have spent additional time with the text and practicing. Staff responses on the message board were prompt and very helpful.
I enjoyed this class and I was able to keep up with it even though I have a full time job and a family.  The lectures were fun and the quizzes and assignments related to the lecture material.  Great introductory class that helps you with other good computer skills like downloading apps, navigating in the terminal window, etc. in addition to learning intro Python.
I do not have any background in computer science and this course was easy to follow along and learn the basics. I thoroughly enjoyed Dr.Severance's way of explaining abstract concepts and how we repeatedly go over concepts. The quizzes and assignments were a great way to review ideas in the book while giving us the opportunity to use our newly acquired knowledge.
The way the lectures were mixed with entertaining and informative videos of prominent persons involved with python, and computer science generally, kept me captivated and hungry to move forward constantly. I didn't find any of the material tiring because of the style of presentation although I felt everything was introduced thoroughly. It was fantastic. Thank you
The course is exceptionally well-crafted for students and professionals who have an inkling of programming, or who want to develop skills into learning Python. The lectures, quizzes and programming exercises are quite conceptual, and Professor Charles makes sure he covers all the basics of everything that is needed to be understood in a program. Truly brilliant.
This course is a great opportunity for those who are interested in start learning programing languages. Materials and lectures are very well structured. During the course you will get familiar with basic programing techniques and concepts. If you are willing to spend some effort and learn the basics of programming this course and Python language is just for you.
This is the best online course I have taken. I have taken some courses on programming and this one is the best. The teaching and the assignments invoke interest to go on and on. I would like to recommend this to anybody who is starting on coding. Hats off to Professor Chuck and the team for a wonderful course. Thank you, Coursera and the University of Michigan.
overall it is a good course that anyone from any background can learn. It mainly focus on the basic concept of python but it also help us to grasp the root very well. It also has pretty good level problem , the problem makes you think about the question deeper. And the instructor is awesome and he is the kind of guy who can make you fell love without any direct
The hardest course I've ever taken and the one which frustrated me to an extent where I thought I'd end up giving up, but I didn't! Dr. Chuck's teaching is extremely admirable (so is his personality). His teaching made me want to finish the course and learn the material properly. Thank you for the course, Dr. Chuck, you made me believe that anybody can program!
I am a little bit old (over sixty), my Eglish is poor and I am greenhorn in this area, but I am very enthusiastic.  The videos, lectures, assignments, tests are very good structured, you can cope with it relatively easily. I am grateful to Mr. Chuck, and I hope I will write my programmes in Phython, thanks this Courses. It is great fun, I recommend to everyone!
As someone who has used Python before, this course was a great refresher and although I am no self-proclaimed expert, I feel I have some experience with the language. That being said, the exercises were just enough of a challenge that I had to really think about what I was doing which was a nice test of knowledge taught within the video lessons. Very well done!
I recommend this course because is very well structure and explained. In addition, Dr. Charles Severance makes Python to look easy to learn. The main difference that I found with other courses I took here in Coursera is that the lectures are truly thought for beginners, with this I mean concepts are secuencial so it is easy to comprehend them and in fact learn.
Wonderful course for true beginners. The course starts out at a very basic level, working its way up at a pace that one should feel perfectly comfortable with. Dr. Chuck has also shared some interesting tidbits (interviews) throughout the course, which I felt were quite informative. His enthusiasm is something that should help you keep going through the course.
I totally recommend this course for those who want to learn Python programming. also, for those who want to learn how to program in general. This course is really easy compared to others that I took before. The teacher is pretty awesome and makes lessons very bearable. If you want to develop your career as a data scientist, it is a good start without any doubt.
A good introduction course to programming in general. Dr. Chuck clearly explains things that I've never been able to grasp from books. I love the Computing Conversation videos, watching the inventors of Python and Arduino inspires anyone watching to create fun things to play around with or something more useful. I often come back to these videos for inspiration
Wonderful introductory course for Python and computer science in general.  My son is a freshman just getting started in computer science.  I've strongly recommended that he take the intro Python course and further on if he is interested.  He is attempted to get it added as an area of study in the university and by groups within the university.  Very well done!!
I am just spellbound seeing the way Mr. Severence teaches. He is just fabulous. You won't get during the course for a single second. Just because of him I was able to complete the 7 weeks course in less than 24 hours.  I have become a huge fan of Mr. Severence. Talking about the course, this course will definitely give you a head start towards learning Python.
A great course! With the videos and materials provided, it is not difficult for a man who know nothing about programming to get started with Python. So far, I can write a little program and this is so inspiring. In the coming days, I will take part in the following courses. Hope there would be one day that I can be an experienced girl programmer. Thanks a lot!
Best class ever! Dr Chuck is an excellent professional and mainly when you think about Doctors teacher for programing , not always they are very dynamic, interactive and good to give examples  in an easy way to make you understand complex topics.He is awesome, I wish more teachers were great like him on the Plantform!Well done and look forward to next module!
until I started this course I knew very little about python, but now I have developed Interest in this programming language and as Dr.charles said I want to become a Pythonista as soon as possible. Now that I have developed an interest in python I will start the python data structure course and further will use this for developing my Machine learning project.
I think the course achieves what the title says. It is for everyone. Having some experience with other languages (a bit of java, a lot of R and some Matlab), this course was perfect to get to know the syntaxis an similarities with those other languages.The teacher I think is perfect. He is ver clear and every lesson is very well put together.Two thumb way up!
Awesome course! never thought i'd finish a programming class. Most of them are boring and lose me after a few lectures with the overloaded info and codes. But this one is so interesting. Love the way prof kept me interesting throughout. Easy-to-follow, hands-on codes, quiz, and homework really helped to learn. Highly recommended, and would love to continue :)
Even though I had taken other Python Basics courses, this is the most didactic one. Dr. Charles makes it so easy and simple to understand and even makes use of a little of humor. Personally, I also liked how he brings the students closer to how a computer thinks and how Python logic works through a series of analogies. I'm very glad I had chosen this course.
Excellent introduction into the world of coding for someone who does not have any prior knowledge. The course has set the base and has given me the encouragement and inspiration to explore further and to take on more challenging topics. Dr. Chuck has painstakingly broken down the concepts to a level where it can be understood very well by a novice.Thank you!
I was a very nice course, Dr chuck Engages you in class very well. This course teaches you not only very basics of Python But you will know many other programming stuffs as well Say it as good practices of programming .
I completed this course from Coursera But I will go to the site py4e.com to get a advanced knowledge of python. Once again Thanks Dr. Chuck,
Knowing the programming language 'C' beforehand, I've learnt that there are a diverse ways in which one can command a computer. And one important thing I've learnt from this is that teaching could be as pleasurable as learning. Anyone with no prior knowledge in programming and willing to get started with the art can definitely opt for this course. Thank you.
This is an amazing initiative form the University of Michigan and Prof Charles Severance in order to provide such an interactive course through the platform of Coursera. Python is an essential computer language which has its impact in various branches of information technology. To teach such an important language so interactively is truly a commendable job !
It is an excellent course for a person who wants to learn to use Python and wants to start from the most basic possible. The course helps you to introduce yourself in a very didactic way in the world of programming in Python and to continue with the following courses. Chuck is an excellent teacher, very dynamic, with excellent explanations and applications.
This course is really helpful to learn  python programming even the basic  concepts of programming. The course instructor Dr. Charles is really friendly and helpful person. Thanks Coursera to giving me this opportunity during this lockdown period for free from our institute. Great Experience. I will suggest all beginner to go through this interesting course
Brilliantly thought, really meant for starters, the only minus is the automatic rater, your program can be successful in Python , but failing in automatic rater which requires then some fiddling. I have attended several MOOC programming language course previously  but this was by far the best. Thank you Charles, looking forwards for the next course to come.
Very good start for programming with Python. The instructor was very friendly and entertaining such that you don't get discouraged at all taking this difficult subject. The course starts with introduction of computer, the way it performs, tackle problems, then to some codings. I'd recommend this course for anybody who is interested to start learning Python.
Extremely very good course for the one who has no background of programming language. Impress a lot from Professor Charles Severance; the way he delivered and manage the lectures. The most interest one is he never made student bore and I am really enjoyed his lecture , especially the bonus chapters. Thanks Sir for your quality time and informative lectures.
Nice introduction to python. Slides are well structured. You understand basics of indentation, branching and looping better since code blocks are consistently presented in different colors and the instructor repeat several times the key points in how to read and write these blocks. And I suppose it's a great foundation for more sophisticated piece of codes.
Completely worth the time I invested in this course. Clear and to the point instruction with practical assignments. I feel I really learned something through this. It was my first experience with Coursera, thanks to Dr. Charles and the support team of mentors and classmates. I ended up purchasing the certification and am continuing my studies with Coursera.
I have done other courses in python. I did this one to refresh my understanding of python. This is a very good course for absolute beginners in programming and a good way to get started. The course provides intuitive understanding of programming for beginners, by doing assignments and tests everyone could validate their understanding of python programming.
As simple and as easy the python learning can get. The professor does a very good job in keeping it simple and he is able to convey all the concepts very easily. The workload in this course is very light, it requires maximum 3 hours of your attention every week. If you are really interested in learning python than this is the best online course available .
Very good course for Python begginers, well explains examples to understand the concepts of python,and the awesome part is the Quiz and Assignment,very very helpful for learner.Thanks to Professor Severance,He is a great teacher  and Thanks to Coursea for very nice introductory course for python,I am looking forward to next module of this course.Thank You.
This is a great course for an absolute beginner in programming. I was able to learn some of the basic principles of computer science along with basics of programming in python. The assignments are not easy, but thanks to the course material I was able to solve them on my own with enough time and perseverance. A tutor is offering great support in the Forum.
Before taking this python online class,I have taken some other python class,I have to admit that Pro,Chunk is really outstanding in explaining each chapter in class.And the lesson is well organized,assignment auto-grading system is also convenient.In all,I'd love to recommend this lesson to people who are interested in python but don't know where to start.
I have tried studying python before as well but this course in the specialization was very well structured for anyone who is willing to learn python , helped me to get started with python and the instructor in the course is very good in terms of teaching and explaining stuffs , overall enjoyed this course and would highly recommend ! Keep Learning yall :)
Thank you so much Sir. I've never attended such an amazing course. Your approach is totally different. Everything is clear and friendly to even those who have never studied. In addition, the forum discussion was very helpful as it enabled me to enhance my knowledge about the course and to interact with worldwide students.  I strongly recommend this course
Great course for beginners. One can easily do it if he/she doesn't have a programming background. The instructor is good and explains well.The only thing in my opinion which can be improved is instead of teaching from slides, the instructor should write the programs on his PC and share the screen recording and explain form there. Overall great experience.
A very excellent learning experience from someone that has zero knowledge in computer science but with a curious mind to learn more about it. Teaching staffs were very quick in answering my queries and gave me more insight and knowledge in the world of computer science. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to learn more about programming.
I really enjoyed Professor Severance's personable and engaging way of explaining what could have been a dry topic. This is actually not the first time I've tried to learn Python, but it is the first time I have stuck with a class all the way through without giving up or losing interest, because of the well-structured and engaging class! Thank you to UMSI.
I am very much happy how Professor Charles has taught us Fundamentals of Python which will lay a strong foundation in Programming aspect. I will recommend this course to each person who wants to start their career as a programmer.!! Thank you Coursera and  Professor for giving us this opportunity to learn from you. With lots of love from India- Alok Kumar
Nice course for beginners. Really basic stuff for someone who wants to introduce hinself to programming.May be helpful if you have an experience in other languages and want to switch to Python. The first part of specialization can be finished in about 9-10 hours and things get really interesting in the second part "Python data structures"Highly recommend!
It is a very good course. It gives me basic knowledge of Python Programming. All basic knowledges in Python was taught by a clear, simple way so that I was able to understand allmost of them. After this course, I can learn more higher course related to Python Programming and I can do some projects which used Python as their required Programming language.
A must for beginners in programming languages. The instructor engages as if you are sitting one to one and the overall experience is very. The instructor has left no stone unturned to make this course as interesting as possible. My only grudge is more assignments could have been included for more practise. Anyways that can be found in plenty on internet.
I knew absolutely nothing about programming. Followed a friend's suggestion and now I owe him a treat. I'm very very thankful that Coursera offers such higher level content. This will help many more like me every year not just students who are stuck with doing nothing during quarantine. I applaud their initiative. Long live Coursera, long live Dr. Chuck.
It is one of the best online course. I really loved it a lot and it helped me learn in better way. Far more better than my regular lectures at college which sometimes get me bored, but that's not the case here, instructor is makes it much more interesting. Special thanks to COURSERA team who gave me an opportunity to learn from such an amazing instructor
Amazing course for beginners like me, who dreaded coding so much earlier. In the past, I took up python courses online, but somewhere lost the traction. Dr. Charles has been helpful in putting coding lessons in a simple and easy-to-correlate  manner. I am grateful to Dr. Charles, Mihaela and other team members helping achieve my first coding certificate.
wonderful course!! I absolutely enjoy every part of it, so much so that I am planning to continue the course with the specialization that has now become available with the same professor. His instruction and humor made learning not only memorable but fun. Thank you for opening my mind to a new and exciting world that I can't wait to explore more deeply!!
Better than most live classes, Getting Started with Python seemed like one of those boring, fully technical courses which would make me quit after a week. However, I was pleasantly surprised as the course material itself is easy and covers the very basics of Python3. I have some prior experience with C programming, so this course was easy enough for me.
I started by auditing the course (finances are tight these days ;)!). Found it very interesting, and hopefully useful for my future career development.It is thorough and easy to understand, and I am enjoying the learning process, the pickles which I find myself into, whilst trying to solve the exercises, and both successes and defeats.Highly recommended
I need to learn python as a beginner and I was searching online websites for it. Someone referred coursera to me and I enrolled in it. I think that was my best decision for an online course. A very user friendly website with no difficulty to use and a very experienced tutor who taught us this course. I am looking forward to take more courses on coursera
If you are a beginner with no prior programming experience you should definitely check out this course.  The instructor does a great job of explaining the information in a way that anyone, regardless of background, can understand. I believe this course will provides you with a solid foundation and more importantly the confidence to keep learning Python.
I did have some background in C programming, but that was many years ago. So I chose this course to refresh my concepts. The professor is superb. He has a raw passion for coding in general, is patient, and really helped me understand every minute detail so far. The assignments (especially the last one) was sufficiently challenging to grasp the concepts.
If you haven't done anything with programming this course absolutely broaden your horizon. Course material is well designed. Even though the assignments of the courses are little bit challenging, it helps to understand the structure of the Python language. In addition, Charles Severance is a great person, he well managed to keep his students' attention.
Great course to start with if you are new to programming. Dr. Charles Severance introduces programming in a unique way which was entirely different of how i was taught during my college. His emphasis are more dependent on how the system thinks rather how we think. Although, its just minor shift teaching ideology but this has huge psychological benefits.
Absolutely love this course. If you got no idea about programming, Python, how does computers work while coding a program and youre interested in it, this is your place to be. Proffesor Charles showed off in teaching all of this and more. Thanks to proffesor Charles, U. of Michigan and Coursera for the opportunity to study this important topic nowdays.
For any one familiar with R and wants to get to know about Python, this is right the course you want to go for. Dr. Chuck's lecturing style is really inspiring, humorous, and helpful. I am planning to finish everything in this 5-course specialization, and this first course definitely gives you a good start in mastering this wonderful language.  Thanks!
Extremely beginner friendly and intuitive enough for a layman like myself to understand but challenging enough that I have to sometimes stop and pause and think a little deeper to internalise and process some of the ideas more carefully. Would 10/10 recommend to anyone who's interested in getting a taste of programming but doesn't know where to begin.
It's a great course, specially if you have never code before. The professor will teach you not only about the language it self, but about programming and how computers works in general. Besides that, there is some videos (not requirement) that shows interviews with some computer scientists and tell they history. It was a great course!! Recomend a lot!
I took this course in order to allow me to help my 14 year old
son who is learning Python at school. I loved the short videos, the worked
examples and the ease with which I could install the Atom editor and Python3 on
my iMac. Once started I couldn't stop and I completed the course in 2 days. If
you want to learn Python, this is a great route to take.
The course is well structured to start with basic of python. Lot of motivating videos and experience of different person makes the course more attractive for student like me. But in Indian Currency course fee and certification is very high. Please adjust according to the currency of the country. We as a student unable to pay this much amount of money.
This was my first time learning computer programming. I think the course is very friendly and clear. I liked the fact I could go to my own pace. Videos and book are very useful. I had learned the basis for python and I am very encourage to learn more in depth this language. Thank you very much to all the people behind this course. I really enjoyed it.
I thoroughly enjoyed listen to professor Severance's lectures, it made learning the first basics of python less daunting to someone with zero background in programming like me; solving the course assignments gave me a sense of achievement, even though I know real programming takes much much more than this; I feel motivated to start the second course:)
It was a great way to start learning programming without any prior knowledge. I would have had no idea what anything meant a few weeks ago, but thanks to the amazing instructor, it was made possible! My only complaint is that the worked out solution videos aren't the assignments you get from the class. Highly recommend, the lectures are so well done.
Feeling good after getting introduced to python because it was taught very well. This course surely have given time to basics a lot. And I very much like the way of elaborating the program how it is working in all part and the flow chart or block style. and how to use python app save a file etc and using command prompt these parts are well explained.
Excellent course for beginners. The overall syllabus is so organized and availability of hands on exercises , quizzes and assignments are a great help to improve the performance. The instructor (Charles Severance) is awesome. Thank you coursera for such a wonderful beginners course on Python and also thanks to Guido Van Rossum for his great creation.
This course is really suitable for a programming rookie. I love the teaching style of the professor,clear and easy to understand and full of natural humor, which made the learning process increasingly attractive and prompt me to learn more and further. Thanks very much for the terrific course and this would be a great start of my program learning. :D
Instructor gives a thorough overview of not only Python but how computers function and why programming is needed in the first place. Explains the granular details of each line of code, making this course truly suited for someone with zero background in programming. It's well designed not only to teach but also to pique curiosity and inspire learning.
Very well organised introduction for Python. For newbies, I feel this is the best course to understand Programming. Dr. Charles Severance really knows how to teach online and this course is more of fun. Through out the course, it was like one of my experienced friends teaching me. Quizzes and Assignments were great and helps in building the concepts.
Programming for Everybody (Python) is a great course every learners must do it. I sincerely thank all the teaching staffs from coursera community who helped me out and gave me ideas when i got struggle in code and when i was struck in the middle of course. I thank you for your immediate support, help and guidance to complete this course successfully.
Great course! Charles is a great teacher, the lectures were organized really well - never too hard, always explaining the principles behind every thing we do. I think the assignments were also very good, and really had me practising the things I just learned. Would recommend to anybody who's interested in programming and is just beginning to learn :)
The best thing about the course was the instructor. his way of teaching was sooo good. Also the assignments were intermediate level so we could figure out the answer only if we ponder over it. I will surely be doing a follow up on this course. I didnt know the first thing about coding or programming but now i have an idea. Thank you for this course.
It is basic introduction course. No depth suitable for competitive programming. If any one knows and have experience in python should go for higher level of course. However that was great experience learning on coursera. I wish to learn more. And advanced python from the same. Finally Thank You for the Knowledge it really helps in performing better.
The instructor is fairly easy to follow along with the reading. For someone who knows and still knows very , very little if anything at all I'd say it was a somewhat of welcoming introduction. The only down side is at the later portion of the class if you have zero experience you will need to do more research than supplied in the book or the videos.
Outstanding course. Dr. Chuck is a wonderful teacher and delivers the material in an engaging and relatable way. I have taken a number of online courses on other sites and this one blew them all out of the water. I highly recommend this to those struggling to find the programming fundamentals training that are missing in so many other intro courses.
Professor Severance is a passionate and extremely likeable instructor who knows what he's doing and also has the experience to guide novices like me. This course was highly beneficial, provided sufficient studying matter and was well spread out. I learnt a lot while also thoroughly enjoying the course. Looking forward to signing up for the next one!
Difficult for a beginner, I really struggled as I know nothing about programming but the Instructor really intends for you to struggle so you actually learn it... He really knows how to teach and I'm going to take more courses with Charles Severance, I bought the book as well and its helpful. You have to study and I did and passed with a good grade.
Dr. Charles makes these modules much more interesting than I have ever seen before. I am a Masters graduate from a reputed university, which is one among top 10 in the world, but I can strongly say that Dr. Charles is something different and I would love to study forever under him. The way he connects technology to real world is something fantastic.
I really enjoyed this course and Dr. Chuck was pretty awesome!I recently decided that I would like to find out more about programming and Data Sciense, and I think this was a fantastic start. Thank you to Coursera, the University of Michigan and Dr. Charles Severance (you should know that the sorting hat lets us choose our house - I know you know).
First of all, I want to say thank to Prof. Charles! This class and the idea PY4E is so awesome. This course exactly for everyone (I'm kind of a novice in the beginning).The explanation is very detailed and understandable for newbie like me! I feel programming is more interesting now xD! Strongly recommend for marketing researcher or data analysist!
Course is taught in a manner that is easy to learn. In addition to teaching Python, inspirational videos are included with the creators of  Python, and raspberry pie, and students around the globe. To truly serve the mission of making the course accessible to all around the globe, the book is free to download. Highly recommend to anyone interested.
The lectures are well prepared, and the assignments are adapted to the learner, regardless of whether the learner had (or did not) any previous experience in programming. I personally used the forum only for the last assignment, and received the necessary help. I deem it safe to say that I enjoyed this course. Thank you to the Team and to Coursera.
Coming from a previous background in statistical programming (mostly self-taught) I found this course to give me a much stronger foundation in computer science behind the programming. I would and will highly recommend this course to anyone who is starting programming, trying to learn the syntax of python, or refreshing their knowledge in the field.
Dr. Chuck is incredibly engaging and makes the material approachable for people not familiar or comfortable with programming. Even though I am not completely new to programming, watching Dr. Chuck's lectures was instructive for me in learning how to communicate these types of concepts to a wide audience with varying levels of computing proficiency.
This course was completely exceptional. The video lectures by Dr.Chuck was helpful throughout the course. The assignments added to each section of the course help us improve some creative thinking and it improves our programming skills as well. Hats off to Coursera!I will still take more courses from coursera having a fruitful experience like this.
The course instructor Dr. Charles severance is an amazing, he explain the basics concept of python very clearly ani that was amazing for beginners thanks @drchuck.And it's only possible for Coursera thanks Coursera to provide course and amazing instructor.Join the course and learn immediately you also love programming after completing this course.
This is a great beginners course.  I was able to learn fast and progress through it quickly while internalizing and utilizing some key building block concepts.  The professor is personable and the videos are a good length.  There's a cheap textbook attached to the course that I got for .99 as an Amazon ebook. It's not essential but it was helpful.
Great instructor for this course! Understanding how computer is "thinking" is very challenging but Dr. Charles manged to present it in a simplest possible way. With zero experience I easily learned  some basics of programming. I will definitely continue studying.  Thank you Dr. Charles! Your inspirational teaching make me fell in love with Python.
Excellent course delivery and instructor really does know how to take absolute beginner to become confident in writing effective python programs! Highly recommend this course and teaching materials. Many thanks to Dr. Severance, the mentors and support staff, and of course to the University of Michigan for making the course available in coursera!!
Amazing Course!! Really I learned a new thing How to teach Programming language. Also, it includes Practical Sessions with Guided Videos. I would recommend this course to all because Programming can do by everybody it's not tough its just how to understand and goto the complexity.

At Last Thank you!! Prof.Charles Severance, University of Michigan
It is a basic course and great for those who barely know about coding or programming like me. I got to know some fundamental skills and techniques like functions and defined words in python to calculate or analyse data. The assignments were very helpful for me to better understand what I've just learned from the lecture by doing hands-on practice.
Good for first time learner of Python. I am a user of R but society seems to have moved on to Python, so I'm here to brush up the skills.The logic and expression are very similar to R. Yet I do find that this is a very detailed breakdown of the basic expression in programming language. The loops, if, else and conditional statement, etc.Thank you!
The best ever python class for a beginner! Well explained and perfectly instructed and also hands-on enabled a very good learning, Millions of thanks for this course...much more to appreciate, thanks for making us to understand apart from the teaching...it was soo so interesting connecting with harry potter, python, :) :) ....thank you so much :)
Professor Chuck has beautifully constructed the course and he was jovial and had good sense of humour while teaching, which didn't make the course boring. It is really an excellent course for programmers as well as for non-programmers as professor had spoon fed the fundamentals.Looking forward to learn more from Prof.Chuck. Thank you so much Sir.
This course is really good to get started with the Python language. At the begining you can be surprised by the code lines that you dont understand but in this course by the Dr Chuck hand you will be carried to the basics python sintax and usage. I would take it again. it is an excellent course that breaks the ussually way to take a study course.
I am completely overwhelmed by this course and i am glad i opted out for Michigan University. Dr. Chuck is completely an enthralling personality , i had real fun while learning through the basics of python. He is extremely proficient and i would suggest anyone who's reading this to please go and hit the register button for this course under him.
Excellent! I am a finance student and this is the first language I am learning. Everything was explained so very simply and comprehensively. I found this personally to be one of the best ways to get started with not just coding python but coding in general as it gives you a very clear idea of what coding is, also while keeping everything simple!
The course covers the fundamental materials of Python and the way that instructor presents makes me interested in coding. The quiz questions are easy but some of coding questions really struggling. I spent many time to figure that out. Generally, it is really worth to learn that. And I 'm  really glad that I finally complete all the study goals.
A worthwhile introduction. The bonus videos were not helpful. The final assignment video of using Atom did not match well with the rest of the introduction and playground setting of the course. I am not sure how to fix it, but I think it would be beneficial if introductory students submitted python files created by Atom or a similar file editor.
Great , even for a non native english person , is easy to understand the Dr. Charles Severance. Had some struggles during the homeworks, cause i didnt understand exactly how they want me to do it , did it first in some way , got same answer but not same process , so that was the hard part for non native english person, besides that it was great.
Professor Severence is an excellent teacher. He made it so easy and interactive that it didn't feel any difference compared to face to face interaction with teachers as in real life. His easy going explanation and test pattern made it easier. It's more like teaching students rather than judging students, which is very encouraging for beginners.
Great course for beginners in programming or Python. If you already know any other programming language you will finish this course in a day or two. I would advise you to learn a more syntax heavy language like Java or C++ first. Great professor, too easy quizzes, good assignments. Nothing challenging if you've done any other language, but fun.
This course is really something, its my first time that i'm enjoying a coding course and teacher was out of this world. I almost never knew that it was a course for studying a programming language it was more like learning a fun language with a funny teacher. You are the best sir and thank you for this course, heads off to all the team members.
Amazing instruction, the content is broken down into simple yet manageable chunks that doesn't make Python seem as intimidating or as complex as I initially thought it would be.  It has truly been an eye opening experience and I'm looking forward to learning more in future.I very highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Python!
It's been a really enjoyable adventure with Professor Chuck. He makes programming with Python interesting and easy to begin. I had zero programming knowledge, but now I can understand the basic programming structure with is really amazing and incredible. I highly recommend this course to any beginners, you will love coding! Thank you Dr. Chuck!
It's really wonderful journey with coursera and of course Dr. chuck through out the course. Dr. Chuck take the course in such a easy way that enables us to get every lecture easily. He makes lot of fun in the class which does not let me to get bored and help me to enjoy the class. Hopefully i will carry my journey with Coursera for a long time.
The professor/instructor is what makes this course incredible - his passion and love for the subject are so infectious and inspirational - he is also incredibly intelligent and capable of conveying such complex ideas and concepts in ways that are quick to comprehend.  Very enjoyable, informative, and course I would recommend without hesitation.
This was my first time learning Python and I really enjoyed the course. Dr. Chuck made the introduction of this language extremely approachable and I was able to find help on topics and answers on questions by visiting forums. I also loved the website: py4e.com. Overall, I loved this class and look forward to learning a lot from the next class.
Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher. He is really knowledgeable and enthusiastic about sharing his knowledge. He explains the concept in detail and engages you in this online course very well. The course was excellent, and I highly recommend this course.I also want to thank Coursera for its support of universal access to the world's best education.
Thank you for making this course free!The accompanying book is really great, and the examples are very well designed.I would like to take this opportunity to point out a small typo on page 114 (Chapter 9. Dictionaries): in a code statement print a.translate(string.maketrans(' ',' '), string.punctuation there is a missing ) character at the end.
This was a very informative and interesting course presented wonderfully by Dr. Charles. One could never get bored as the courses are pack of short videos filled with lots of information and a bit of humour too.i genuinely want to thank the presentor for creating an interest in me for this subject. Overall it was a wonderful experience for me!
The overall course structure was great in terms of the content, tutorials, assignments, quizzes, etc. Thanks Dr. Chuck for such a student-friendly approach to teaching, it was fun learning this course. I would highly recommend this course to anybody who is wishing to learn python regardless whether he/she has a prior experience of programming.
Very useful course for a non programmer like myself. The lectures and exercises are engaging therefore very motivating to continue to the end. The final assignment I found a bit of challenge compared to all previous assignments however with a bit of persistence by reviewing previous weeks lectures and assignments I finally managed to crack it.
An excellent starting point for anyone looking to learn Python, whether you're already a programmer or completely new to programming. Clear and concise examples used to explain the concepts, useful exercises to implement and practice your knowledge - it's one thing to watch someone do it and it's another completely to try to do it on your own!
I have some experience in programming, including Python. Nevertheless, this course was great, I strongly recommend it for everyone, who has no experience at all or is eager  to start use this language. Everything is simple and clear, there is no way of misunderstanding material. Also, it is really funny. Charles Severance, thank You very much!
This is a well structured, well taught course for beginner programmers, or those seeking to learn another computer language.  I feel confident in my ability to write basic Python programs, and am excited to continue with this course series.  I would recommend this course to anyone who has a desire to pursue an interest in computer programming!
I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who is new to Python. The professor is very good at intuitively explaining how Python works. You just ease into Python for the first 3 weeks. If you are skilled with another programming language, you can complete this course in 2-3 weeks. Also, the first 3 weeks might seem a bit easy for you.
Excellent course for beginners and it helps me to understand the fundamental blocks for python programming very easily. The instructor is very encouraging and he is enriched with  knowledge about the subject. Thank you coursera for this wonderful start-up for python. I highly recommend this course for beginners of python programming languages
I enjoyed the easy and casual way with which Professor Charles Severance explains the different aspects of Python. I also enjoyed the fun videos at the end of each lesson where he interviewed interesting people related to our topic, and showed "office hours" from different parts of the world. Made the online class feel very real and personal.
if you are thinking and wondering whether learning a programming language like Python is for you, think no more. This first course took me step by step in learning the very basic of Python and I got more confident in learning this and I am taking the second course. The lecture is super friendly and fun and he is very down-to-earth. Kudos C.S!
Very useful introduction to python. Charles has a very didactic and dedicated approach to his explanations, and although sometimes it gets a bit repetitve, it actually really helps to let it sink in slowly, as you will really remember the explanation that works best for you. The exercises and tests are concrete and really test your knowledge.
Everything about this course is exceptional. As a beginner, programming to me felt daunting and too complex. Yet this course has shown me just how easy it is for one to learn to code using python. Everything from the assignments to the lectures are done perfectly and you never feel lost. Why are you still reading this? START THE COURSE!!!!!!!
First time taking a programming course. I was able to understand the basic concepts of python codding and I am looking forward to the next course Python Data Structures. I hope to get a better understanding on how to apply python to real world situations when I conclude all the courses available.I am very excited. Thanks Prof Chuck and CTA's.
This is the best course I have enrolled so far. The way he teaches is different, he encourages you to participate, put efforts, and see things differently. Furthermore, this course is more practical. In addition to this, the extra work is quite interesting i mean the office and the talks with the producers of different software and hardware.
This course was absolutely incredible! I loved the enthusiastic teacher, Charles Russell Severance and his funny way of teaching. I loved the material that he taught and how he taught it, and I think the entire 5 courses would be worth it for anyone who wishes to know a beginning programming language that could be used as a professional one!
Beginner-friendly and suitable for all who are interested in and willing to learn about programming without any prior experience. Concepts are demonstrated clearly with vivid explanations. Strongly impressed by the enthusiasm and love for his career of Prof. Charles Severance. Glad that we can go along the very first tour to Python with him.
Never thought learning python would seem so fun and easy. It is all because of how professionally this course was designed and of course the way Dr.Chuck explained every little thing in detail so that we don't miss out on any important concept. I will definitely recommend this course to my friends and colleagues interested in learning python
The instructor is amasing.. even though I have previous knowledge of programming, his way of explaining things and trying to explain the way that the program works is amasing. he is relating the way Python works with our way of thinking and that way helping us understand better how to think as a programmer.. definitely HIGHLY recommend... :)
I have a little experience from a couple of college classes programming in java and MATLAB. This course was a good, straightforward introduction to python. For those familiar with the general structures of programming (conditional statements, loops, etc.) , this course will be easy and go quickly - you may be able to finish in a week or two.
I thoroughly enjoyed Professor Charles Severance and his Python course.  With no prior coding experience, I was able to complete this course and earn the certificate. I hope to continue learning Python by taking the second part of this series in the future.  I especially enjoyed the combination of videos and textbook materials for learning.
A Great beginner course! Thank Coursera and Dr. Chuck for offering such a convenient learning platform and great lectures! Each quiz and assignment is so essential to build up the knowledge.  Wish Dr. Chuck could offer a couple of optional assignment by each study week as some bonus so we could practice a little more! Once again, thank you!
I was looking for an online course where you could get to know things like you would do in a classroom session, to my surprise coursera provided the same experience as I was looking for. It was in depth and Mr. Charles is a gem! He really wants everyone to learn. I hope more people take this course and kick start with heir career in Python.
I used to program back in high school in C++, but as the time passed, I forgot  a lot of things and this course helped me recall basic logic and functions of programming. I'm a marine biologist now, and I am interested in using various programs for modelling and data analysis, and I feel I am on the right track learning the Python language.
This course is the first course I finish in Coursera, its so amaizing that I have great fun in this course and finish it  in threedays.While, I may suggest my friends who will take this course in the future to learn this course with a more detailed textbook along with the Python for  Informatics. Thanks, Dr.Severance and the teaching stuff.
such a great class. The class aim to give beginners a really nice and easy start so the students who are new to programming will not be intimated or frustrated. The professor is very funny and knowledgeable and make the whole class great fun. I really enjoyed the class and ready to finish the class and move on to the 2nd Python serie class.
Stellar course. Charles Severance is easily one of the best teachers I've seen in my life, online or face to face, period. His ability to engage the student, trivialize complex mechanisms and maintain interest all through the video medium is remarkable. I am very impressed by the overall value of this course and it gets my highest praises.
Only one minus factor that the questions are too easy. Yeah its a beginner a course so I can't really complain about it. Otherwise everything in this course is actually covered with  perfection and as if you are actually new to programming not like other courses who say its for beginners and uses sophisticated without telling it's meaning.
This course is extremely helpful. It not only teaches you basic but also gives wide depth to your concept. You can take this course if you don't have any past programming experience.The instructor is very good and is very engaging. The material provide is very interactive and easily understandable.Overall I personally find it very helpful.
Excellent course for an Introduction to Python for Everybody! The instructor knows what he's talking about, and he explains new, difficult concepts very smoothly. Well designed assignments and apt apt pace of the course just tops it off! Definitely persuing further courses of this specialization. Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan!
Scared to Program?   Do you find yourself staring at the screen wondering what to type next when coding?  Do you get confused as to errors you create and can't figure out how to find them?   Professor Chuck is the cat's pajamas.  I am so stoked to learn more my armpits are sweating.This first class is  "empowerment" for the non programmer.
This course is a great place to start learning python and basic computer science. I would recommend using this course as the backbone for your learning and then utilizing other resources to see the problems from a different perspective. Overall this course cemented the knowledge in my head much better than other online courses I had taken.
i loved this course! the professor is really enjoyable to listen to and his slides are super legible and easy to follow. The videos are short enough to gain the learning needed but not so long as to lose you along the way. My only comment is that  I wish there were more practice problems or exercises so I could really hone up on my skills!
Awesome course. I know a number of programming and scripting languages but never had been to a class. This is a brilliant course designed and executed with an entirely different note which I could never expect. Along with python this course teaches a lot. This python series a must for anyone who wants to learn programming.Thanks Dr. Chuck.
The class with professor Charles Severance are so interesting and fun, 
you will learn basic python in and easy way, the videos are short and 
very helpful, the assignations are a way to apply what you are learning 
in each week, this course is very recommendable for all the persons that
 wants to learn python from zero previous knowledge.
This was a great course for me.It was fairly easy to understand the course andthe prof. knows the right way to teach.His classes were FUN to listen and I really enjoyed it.Also I had previous knowledge on programming ,as I have learnt C++ in my school.So it was very easy for me.I would recommend anyone to try this.So I would rate it 5/5:D
I am really happy to be guided under a supervisor, who is so experienced and kind person, Prof Charles. I am much more enthusiastic about learning the language than ever before. Attending the lecture of Charles is never boring and always feels like learning Python is as easy as learning to write a story. Thank you Coursera for the course.
It was a really good and well organized course to get started with programming. I really appreciate the efforts of the teaching team that they are really trying their best to educate the world. The course content and the way Mr. Charles Russell Severance convey the lectures really makes it easy to understand and comprehend the techniques.
Easy with well measured material and challenge.  The ability to watch and pause lectures as much as needed is awesome. The material is well thought out and also timely and important.  This was a great experience - low pressure, easy to learn and you feel like you accomplished something and have a sense of the larger challenge that awaits.
Hey everybody,this is really awesome course for everybody even for those who are new to programming.Thank you Dr. Chuck,University of Michighan and Coursera for providing us this course.This is one of the best online course covered by me.And its second part Data structure using python is even better.Definitely, deserves  5 star.THANK YOU
It is genuinely a great experience. All the video lectures are well prepared. The instructor helped and guided at every step from scratch.The tutorials are beneficial and easy to understand. We got many tools like "take note," complete script of all the lectures, discussion forum, and many more. These tools proved to be extremely useful.
Great intro to Python course! I had zero coding experience prior and I was able to complete it in less than a week. Instructor does a great job breaking down concepts into simple terms so even beginners can follow. He also makes it fun to learn! I'd recommend this to anyone who's interested in learning Python, especially beginner coders.
Great course. Great insights not only into Python but to Computer Science in general. I recommend to literally everybody, not just people that need it for work. Nowadays coding can be regarded as a necessary foreign language. Thus if you want to be successful, you should have at least basic understanding of how machines work and operate.
Hi everyone, I should say that this course (Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python))by Charles Russell Severance is more that good, actually, it is perfect.If you have no programming experience and have interest in Python, please go ahead and take this course.You will like it, I believe.Besides, thank you, Dr. Charles!!!
I found the course very useful, but faced problem with the external tool graded assignments while output execution. Talking about the instructor, he teaches so good and provided in-depth knowledge of each and every aspect and logic. Thank you University of Michigan and Coursera for providing such useful and knowledgeable courses for us.
Dr. Charles Severance is an excellent teacher and I got to know about how to start my journey of Python, which was made easy by this useful course Python for Everybody, which literally is "Python for Everybody". In today's world I would recommend everyone to take up this course and surge ahead. Thank you very much Dr. Charles Severance.
It was a very basic course. Suitable for someone who hasn't been familiar with any programming language. But for someone with a prior knowledge to basics to programming it just acts like a revision. It would have been better if there were more content. Altogether i enjoyed this course and the professor is very good at explaining things.
the course is really amazing, the instructor way of explaining is great he truly knows what he is doing and he was really greati took this course with zero knowledge in programming not even knowing what is a variable or a loop or anything and i can say i really learned alot from this course thanks to coursera and this amazing instructor
Thank you Dr. Chuck for being as awesome as you are. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and admire your passion for teaching the next wave of talented individuals. These are the people who will be able to help change the world with their newly acquired skills in programming. I hope everyone else has the same experience that I did. Cheers!
This course is so great. The course structure and course materials are very organized. Although I have never used, I could understand the basic concept and resolved all of assignments. And Teaching Assistant staff is so helpful; the quick response was so helped. I would like to take other Python learning course in the future. Thank you.
The instructor gives very clear explanations, making it actually fun to code. Although most of the assignments were fairly straightforward, they gave good practice, and there's an entire online book for extra practice and help. A much more pleasant way of learning how to program than the version my college has. Thank you, Dr. Severence!
Have given 5 stars for the explanation of basic concepts of not only Python but also of programming. Though people who are well versed with programming will find it too easy (Me too) and finish it within a few hours, but the way of teaching was effective and will help a lot to those people who are new to programming itself. Keep it up !
Even a person, who knows nothing about computers or programming, can easily understand and learn programming and that too in Python, today's very popular and useful computer language.  And, that too, at our own pace.  Further, the teaching by Dr Charles Reverence, Ph D, is so lucid that learning becomes very easy and fast and accurate.
I have tried many online courses but always felt bored and gave up. But in this course the professor teaches in such an interactive way that it kept me interested and i finished the course and was able to learn a lot. Anyone who is interested or wants to start learning python or programming can take this course and will not regret it .
This is an awesome course with great details to basics. The details are explained in very simple way and it is very easy to understand and follow. Even though I am on Coursera from 2013, this is the first course that I completed 100%. So kudos to prof. Severance and the team for awesome content and helping me in completing this course.
I had a great time learning the basics of python programming. Sir Charles Severance teaching style is excellent and he explains the concepts very clearly. I enjoyed every lecture presented by him. I will definitely recommend people to learn python from this course. I will continue to learn the advance python from Sir Charles Severance.
Great course for beginners! Learn about basic programming principles, how computers actually run programs and how to think like a programmer. The instructor is very engaging and makes the class fun. Sometimes they throw in extra videos featuring relevant interviews by people in the tech field, which is a nice touch. Highly recommended!
For a one-directional learning, Charles did a great job keeping my engage. The discussion/forum is very active which is perfect for my learning when I have problems. I have tried learning python from different channels and this is by far the best. Thank you so much. I really feel that I learned a lot and motivate to continue learning!
I was familiar with python before this course and wanted to touch up on it. I found myself leaning new information that I didn't know before, and finding new ways to think about programming. Professor Severance is entertaining and motivates me to learn more. Great course, I would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn how to program.
All those who had given 1 or 2 stars to this course,are the ones who always criticize everyone.This course is seriously quite amazing and everyone thinking of starting with python should go for it.DO NOT FALL FOR THOSE NEGATIVE COMMENTS AND REVIEWS. The instructor is very good and explains everything so beautifully. Hope this helps :)
The course is very well structured to suit the needs of a new programmer (me) who is trying to learn python from the very scratch. Prof Charles keeps the video lectures engaging and the assignments help get a grip on how to actually put them those learnings in a code. Would recommend to anyone who wants to learn python from the basics
This course is excelent, i learned a lot and will continue to navigate through the whole program.Thanks to everybody who made it, and made it free access as well. Your work is much appreciated!I'll try to help with the translation to spanish so other people in South America can do it as well. Thank you again from Argentina! Much love!
The Teaching technique adopted by the Trainer was extremely helpful in adapting and absorbing the new programming language. The day to day and simple examples adapted in the said program to explain the new language really proved the name of the course-"PROGRAMMING FOR EVERYBODY ". It was an amazing introduction to the WORLD OF PYTHON.
This course is every useful and easy to understand for beginners. I really have no idea what python and any other programming languages are before I started this course. Also English is not my first language. However I could understand this course very well, the practices in this course are very effective! Thanks a lot for helping me!
The best course for everyone even those who lack background in programming like myself. I recommend everyone to take this course. In today's world it feels like you are walking naked without knowing how to code even basic programming. That was internal thrust for me to do this course.

Go for it, it worth your time and money. Thanks !
This was an excellent course. Dr. Chuck is engaging, clear, and moves at a perfect pace. The course has helpful assignments, quizzes that actually assess comprehension, and plenty of opportunities for practice. As a 24-year-old who has never done any coding before, I cannot recommend this class highly enough. Truly a great experience.
This course has helped me a lot in having the correct understanding of programming language. The mode of teaching is not only erudite but also simplified for a non computer science student which doesn't have any background in programming. At the end of this course one can have the necessary skills and logic to think like a programmer.
I would like to register here that Dr.chuck is the man, i would ever refer to any one who needs to learn Python programming. He is efficient, knowledgeable and friendly, and regarding the course material, i do not know, if it can be any better.I am glad to continue with python for everybody specialization.Happy learning!God bless you!
I am really glad to take up this course, which helped me to understand the Python language. I am not a programmer before but found it not so hard to understand the concepts, so I would highly recommend starters to go through this course as the instructor teaches every topic interestingly in a fun way to learn and grasp things quickly.
The pace of this course & the course content, along with the Creative Commons material is fabulous for anyone who has no prior experience in programming. Prof. Severance is great at what he does, and the assignments are also brilliant. I wished there were more peer review assignments or more assignments so that we could practice more.
I am very thankful to course tutor Dr. Chuck and University of Michigan for providing such a useful course. I have tried programming for first time and I can say that I too can creatively and confidently write useful codes, this is just because of teachings of Dr. Chuck. I will definitely enroll for further courses too, Thanks again!
I have heard from people that python is not easy. But this course has completely changed my perspective, because the instructor has made the programming language so easy, that it can be understood even by a person who never had learned any programming before. I look forward to complete all the 5 courses in this module. Thanks a lot .
It is a course for everybody if don't have any prior knowledge about programming even then Mr. Severance will make it very simple for you to understand the logic behind the code and also will help to understand the flow chart of code i.e how the code will starts and how it will work. One of the finest courses I have ever enrolled in.
A great base for first-time programmers. Users with experience in other languages might find this somewhat tedious and repetitive at certain points. Although, you can skip the repeated parts. As for Charles, the professor, I find him to be a great teacher. He's good at Python, he's good at teaching Python, and he clearly enjoys both.
It's a great course. I'm actually going to recommend it to at least five separate people. He was intelligent, highly structured/organized, and went over things multiple times to ensure implant/imprint. The quizzes and assignments would have been difficult, but not unbearable without prior coding experience. Overall, very good course.
dr.chuck you are awesome!!really i started learning python from many books but after sometime i find it boring and leave it there but in your class i never feeled that you are boring me..really your class is awesome i will suggest everyone to take class of dr chuck..and one more your way of explaining the things is perfect..thank you
Excellent instructor, through out the course I did not get bored while learning Python and always had my thinking caps on. This course helped me gain my confidence back  programming, so much so I have started to teach Python to 5 of my colleagues. I will be looking forward to complete all the other courses of this series as well. :)
This was a great introduction to Python and the overall workflow of logically figuring out problems, identifying what pieces of code are needed to do X task, and so on. The videos were super helpful and easy to understand (even for someone who hasn't been in school for like 10 years), and I feel confident going into the next module.
Lightweight, but if you're an absolute beginner, this is the course for you. Great teacher, the resources are a necessity if you want to get the most out of the class (100%), and the lessons are of limited topic, all making this the best (imo) introduction to programming for anyone. Do this first, before other free coding resources.
My first ever online course and i loved it so much! Dr. Chuck is a genius in the way he takes students into the Python programming with so ease and perfection like Python is nothing new  and is always comfortable to go through his lectures and bonus material available at each chapter. I highly recommend it to any beginner in Python!
This is an ideal course for Python learners. It's easier and faster to learn if you already have experience in programming, but it's also fluid to first time programmers with many examples and experienced tips. The tutor is well experienced and his teaching is very student-friendly. It's so nice and easy to connect and learn easily.
This course is absolutely good for anyone without Programming Skills, or have no prior knowledge to what is a programming basics. Dr. Chuck will be able to guide you from not knowing programming to a very solid foundation in your FIRST programming language studies.However, this course is not suited for Intermediate - Advanced level.
I have tried other open course sites for learning Python and found this one the best. Charles Severance teaches in a simple, straight forward, easy to understand way that is entertaining as well. I feel I have learned more from him in a shorter period of time than other avenues I've tried. This course is a great way to learn Python!
The way Dr.
Chuck Severance explains the content is very impressive, thank you! The enthusiasm of Prof. Severance was very
stimulating for me as a beginner without programming experience. The course is
structured logically with helpful quizzes. I experienced the videos in
combination with the study book as the best learning method.
Nice course for beginners and people who want to try python out in general, it teaches you essential information from scratch, some courses start from reserved keywords and all those boring things directly but this one, teaches you what it means to program, and I like that and would recommend it to anyone interested in programming.
Sir, Charles  Severance, I'm really grateful to you. This was my first online course & because of you, it made me so easy & understandable. Anyone who wants to learn programming skill without having any prior knowledge in coding go ahead and grab this course because here u get the awesome educator who made this course easy & funny.
I walked into this course very anxious about learning to program. I did not expect to love this course or to really understand python. I feel confident with what I learned. Dr. Charles Severance is a phenomenal professor; very knowledgable without being intimidating, engaging, lighthearted, and teaches you to think like a computer.
It was an awesome course  taught by a great teacher. I was tremendously scared of coding till now but now I have hopes incited in me to be great at programming , thanks to the professor. Also I have figured out a bug in the assignment mode of PY4E. I hope I have added some value to the course and hope that its worth an appraisal :)
One of the best courses I've taken on Coursera. The content is very crisp and not too overly simplistic and very, very engaging. The faculty, Charles Severance is superb. His explanations and videos are a good balance of fun and learning.This course rekindled my love for coding and the Bonus videos are kinda..they are simply great.
I completed the course. The course structure is well built. The instructor is really good. I learnt a lot and it helps me to eliminate some of my confusions. The video quality and assignments are too good. I really enjoyed to hear from Mr. Guido van Rossum. It is a priceless moment for me. Thank you University of Michigan for all.
It really help me a lot to brush up all the small and magnificient concepts of Python.Well represented ,illustrated and demostrated course. Will recommend every begineer to must go for this course.Thanks a lot to Coursera community.Coursera is really one of the best e-learning platform for accquiring profiecieny in various fields.
I am a researcher and C++ programmer and I wanted to learn python from scratch, I found this course as the best available resource for the accomplishment of my goal. What a great teacher What a valuable course, I just wanna say thanks for putting out such great materials. It 's just the very beginning for sure but I'm enjoying it.
I tried a Java class before and had a hard time staying motivated. Hard to say exactly what factors contributed to that , but didn't get that with this class. I liked the start from zero approach while still moving along at a decent pace. Dr. Chuck explains everything quite well so I never ended up feeling like I missed something.
Till you start the course you may be in a dilemma whether programming is your cup of tea or not, but after starting this course you'll gain confidence. This course is crafted in such a way that you will not be bored for a second! Really enjoyed this course. Thanks Dr. Chuck and team along with Coursera for this amazing experience.
It is a very simple and easy course for beginners. 
The material is very simple and helpful. Dr. Charles makes it very interesting and I loved the way he teaches and the passion he has towards teaching people how to program. 
I would recommend this course for anyone who wants to start learning python or even programming in general
Incredible course. I started with absolutely zero knowledge of Python (of course I heard of it before but I had never actually studied it or worked with it). It took me 4 weeks to complete and at this point I feel like I am developing a strong foundation with which to continue my studies.I highly recommend this course to everyone!
Please view the HTML doc in 'resources' after every week, it helps out. His teaching speed is very concise, comfortable, and not too fast. He didn't mention all the types of functions and such, but I suspect, he has good reason too. It is a great intro. I enjoyed it. Also, downloading sololearn is a good compliment to this course.
This professor is just amazing. I just wish those tests and exercises were more difficult, but I totally understand why they are simple in the beginning. Hopefully things will get more interesting later on, since I have already learned C and C++, the beggining seems a little too slow for me. Other than that, 10/10 course for sure.
Dr. Severance is a great professor. The method he uses to introduce Python is great for someone who has no prior coding experience. He keeps in interesting and provides a strong foundation to learn more of Python and other computer languages. I would highly recommend this class as a starting point if you want to learn programming.
Course was well delivered and well explained.  It was easy to refer to lectures for assignments that were due. I liked that it catered to people that have never programmed before, and those that have been exposed to some programming alike.  I was surprised by how much I learned and how fast the 7 weeks went by - highly recommend.
I have previously a bit accustmed with the programming with C++, but learning the basics of Python from Prof. Charles Russell Severance it was a great experience. This guy just makes the programming with python so easy that the learing becomes playful. Thank you Coursera, University of Michigan and Prof. Severance for the course.
First time i had any course online and this was a wonderful experience. I learn all the stuff and the explanation provided was very good and I did it so quickly because of Dr. Charles severance. I loved the way he taught the course. I would like to do more courses from here. And again lots of thanks and respect to the tutor(sir).
This is an excellent
course for someone getting started with programming. The videos are clear and
the subject is well described, and the textbook for the course is free. The ratio
of videos to exercises is good. If you know another programming language, the course
is a bit slow, but… the title did say “Programming for Everyone”.
Really great class. Dr. Chuck is a great teacher and covered all the areas where studets might have doubts. He was really thinking from the students' side and thought what all doubts could arise and cleared it very well. It was a really great experience. The only thing that felt bad is that the course is too short.That's it!!! :)
Excellent course, Great Tutor.This course is extremely good and well packed for beginners.Compact, yet complete course for python. The way this course is made, students with zero programming language can also catch up with the language. I am really thankful to Coursera and Charles Severance sir for creating this wonderful course.
One of the great course i've ever had Dr Chuck's methodlogy is one of the amazing I've encountred in my life. The way he explains things its quite phenomenal I personally think with this kind of teaching skills one can make anyone learn programming. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Michigan University for this course, it really helped me.
First of all I thanks to coursera for providing us a such platform where we could learn new things and extend our skills in various fields. second I also thanks to The University of Michigan for free courses with certificates! I am also very happy to have a good friendly mentor  who teaches well. I am just  grateful to Coursera!
This complete coarse is a  basic course for knowing the basic stuff related to python . There are lot of basic topics covered in an excellent way. Our instructor Charles will teach with the real world examples which will encourage us a lot.So if you are a beginner then this course will take you to a very beginner level to a pro.
THIS WAS MY FIRST COURSE WITH COURSERA  AND LET ME TELL YOU THIS HAS BEEN AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE GETTING TAUGHT BY SUCH A GREAT PROFESSOR DR. CHUCK .HIS TEACHING METHOD IS REALLY FRIENDLY AND IT CAN BE EASILY UNDERSTOOD WHAT EVER HE TEACHES.THIS COURSE AND ESPECIALLY DR. CHUCK INSPIRED ME TO CONTINUE FURTHERMORE WITH THE COURSES.
Dr. Chuck Severance did a great job introducing Python to people without any previous programming experience. The Coursera format works well with its 10 minutes video classes and auto-graded programming assignments. I now feel comfortable with Python and look forward taking the next class (Python Data Structures) in this series.
I was able to grasp concepts in an easy but very powerful way. I feel I'm able to control things now, to know exactly what line of coed does. Surely this is thanks of Python's simplicity but most of all it is thanks to Mr. Severance whose instructions and examples are enlightening! Looking forward to go on, to take the next step
Amazing course, I really love your lectures, very entertaining and everything was explained in a way it was easy to understand but the explanation was not shallow. Extra material at the end of each lesson was also great, it taught me the history of python and how python evolving at the moment. Thank you for this wonderful course
Before this course I have covered many other python courses, but this course provides IN-DEPTH explanations for python basics, which made me better understand how python actually works. What is also good about this course is that there is no ready answers for assignments!!!, which is really good if you want to master it yourself
a great course to start with, it is very simple and helpful i really enjoyed it alot, Dr. Charles makes everything easy and fun, you will get to apply after each chapter that way you will improve alot and there is also Bonus videos which i found so amazing because you get to know about new stuff but still related to programming.
I'm very glad I enrolled dr.Chuck courses - they're not too simple, not too hard for the first time.You're need something interesting for the begining. Something that will remind you that learning is interesting.Dr.Chuck courses damn fit for this purpose.Thank you, dr.Chuck, Teaching staff of University of Michigan and Coursera.
The most amazing thing about this course is that it comes with a book. You can either download it free from the website of Mr. Charles or buy it from Amazon. Every single chapter from the book is covered in this course and it's very great to read a book with the help of Mr. Charles. I really love this course Highly recommended.
This course is very good for anyone who is interested in learning Python. The best thing about this course is that its not rushing and there is enough time for you to learn. This course goes into the details like using spaces instead of Tab which i think other courses lack.If you want to learn Python Defiantly join this course.
Great course, and an excellent professor, I have never programmed before since I have a bachelor in International Business and it was really understandable with good exercises that make me want to learn more. I finished it in less than 2 weeks. I would recommend it to everyone who is looking to start programming in an easy way.
I think by taking this course i have done the right thing.because the way sir chuck teaches is best.Though in starting i reluctantly  study this course but as i proceed with the course i was getting much interest in the course.I eagerly wanted to do next course. And can't wait to complete specialization in python for everybody.
Firstly I am very happy to complete this course. I am completely new to the python programming language and now I can write the programs in python. It is because of Coursera and the instructor is very friendly and explains the concept very well . If more practice exercises are included it would be more helpful for the students.
Brilliant teacher. So wonderfully explained. Opened my eyes to the fact that programming isn't just about the rules and the syntax to follow. Loved the platform designed to submit codes and the lecture slides since they were very informative and helpful. Looking forward to completing the next few courses in this specialization!
It was a good introductory-level course and an overall good way to make it interesting. It was well designed and delivered. Being an educationist and an experience of 20 years, I think, instructor justified with these contents. Thumbs Up.
Thank you very much. I will definitely try to complete the whole specialization of Python.
After trying tutorial after tutorial and exploring many different resources to learn Python, I have finally found one that works! This is a very fun course, and the free textbook is simply incredible.Gives an interesting way to learn python and also provides online platforms to work with assignments. Easy to take in the basics.
It was a beautiful course and Sir Charles is one of the most beautiful and humble teachers i have ever seen in my life.I really am in a great sorrow that I didn't get his class in person and I'd love to get one.I look forward to all the courses that are offered by University of Michigan and Charles.I loved this course honestly.
It had been a great experience learning the basics of python via this class. The teaching is good and very easy for even a beginner to understand without any difficulty. I would suggest anyone who wants to learn basics of python, go for it. The teacher knows his materials and teaches in a friendly and easily understandable way.
Great course, excelent and simple explanations.I'm familiar with most of the stuff here from other programming languages, but the course was more than able of pointing those small details that make python syntax different from others.Thank you Mr. Severance for this introduction into python, made in a simple and concise manner.
Professor Charles explains the subject at hand in detail while making sure that students aren't overwhelmed by the vastness of the computer language. The assignments are a tad bit easier than I would have hoped but the videos and quiz are more than thorough. Resources provided are great and it has been a good experience so far.
Clear and concise introduction to python basics. For beginners, just be aware that this course will not enable you to program in Python well enough for most real-world applications. If you really want to learn Python, take the rest of the courses offered through the specialization to understand how to utilize the language well.
Really liked the way Mr. Severance approaches the problem and his methods of teaching. He is by far the goofiest teacher on coursera which is unique in a way and also desirable I think. He makes learning fun.Great Job. All the best for future courses. Will surely want to take another course on python taught by Mr. Severance. :)
Actually, this my first Coursera course to ever take, I had zero Python experience, but this is a great introduction to Python and, without any doubt, it motivates me to delve deeper and learn more about Python. Finally, great thanks to Dr. Chuck and all whoever supports these courses, you really made it special and different.
It is a really good course, I've learned a lot about python programming, and you don't need to be a english fluenty speaker to  get in this course, actually I have improved my skills in English while I was watching the classes and reading the extra lectures material, I really recommend this course, Thank you all from Coursera!
This was my first programming course that I've ever taken. I was happy to find that the pace of the course allowed me to also focus on my full time job, and the instructor had such a down to earth way of teaching. I've enrolled in the specialization associated with this course and look forward to completing the next 4 courses!
This class was absolutely fantastic.  I highly recommend it for the person who wants to pursue this field, the person who has a general interest and wants to see if they would like it, or the person who just wants a basic understanding to start exploring on their own.  I can't wait to continue the progression of these courses.
The professor is super easy to follow and the class is very easy to understand for all backgrounds. This is a very basic course, so if you have coded in other languages before, you're going to breeze through the course. Having said that, it is a good course to learn the basic syntax to do loops, functions, ifs, etc. in Python.
This course is both comprehensible and well-organized. The instructor is so nice that I had a great time enjoying the videos. There is only one problem which is actually not particularly attributed to this course. The coursera website sometimes got so hard for my browser to open, so I had to download the videos when it worked.
I like this course a lot, i understand it's an entry level course so i don't mind going though everything in detail, but as i was already confident in C and Matlab i had to skip most of the basic explanations of how computer works and basic understanding of what programming is. The teacher is very good and very easy to follow.
Very good class. I had previous programming experience in other languages, and this class helps you get the basics going very quickly with Python. I really appreciate the recommendation of the text editor "Atom" as well. I think it's important to be using something that is supported by the class, as opposed to your own editor.
I am completely satisfied with the course. I think that I have built a strong foundation for Python Programming. I fully enjoyed every single bit of the lectures by Dr. Chuck, quiz and assignments at the end of chapters. Auto-grading system is yet another big advantage.Thank you Dr. Chuk, University of Michigan and Coursera!!!
Really good intro into the Python language. Seems simple enough for students that have never programmed or scripted before. Very descriptive and helpful lessons along with interesting bonus material.Can be kind of slow or simple for students with a background in programming but a nice reintroduction if you are out of practice.
very good course for beginners.and I would like to put some suggestions:1. might be worthy discussing a little about type conversion samples like: x=  "1"; x = int(x);2. for HW 5.2, if user put floating number, it will pass the try, but actually we need to output integer. which is easy to fix but might cause frustrationthanks!
My background: I have learned Language C before. But I didn't use it at all after that. Then this year, I learned Python by my self for a month.  But I can't continue because it's beyond my understanding.  So I learned it through Coursera now.  What Dr. Severance taught is easy-understanding, it's very good for the beginners.
Excellent course I really enjoyed learning python and it gave me a different dimension to the course the quality teaching provided,excellent faculties and assignments gave me an ability to think how to solve problems easily able to grasp whatever concepts I understood and able to apply.So feels great to be part of this course
I would rate this class as the best intro programming class, all credit to Prof.Chuck Severance. Chuck has put together a great course, I bet a lot of work went in to put together this thorough course. 
I have taken many courses on all most every MOOC out there and I would rank Chuck as a Hall of famer in online MOOC classes.
Dr. Chuck makes the course (and python) very interesting!  The course is simple enough for complete beginners to start learning Python. The assignments are challenging but manageable with the help of TAs and fellow classmates. I feel great to have finished this course and I will start the next one in this specialization soon!
Great intro into programming; easy to follow up and very well explained.I'm a 8 year programmer and I loved the way these classes was given. Teacher is very clear and concise and speak in a fun way wich makes it good to learn the basics (the hardest part for someone who doesn't know anything about programming, in my opninion)
The instructor is a great teacher...Probably the best one you'll ever find for Python. The content is great and you'll learn a lot beyond the course too. It's not just a Python course but a course that'll make you learn what programming actually is. You need not have even a bit of knowledge about programming for this course.
This class provides a basic understanding of Python. And after taking this course you'll feel like learning more.All thanks to Dr. Chuck! You made learning python interesting to me.Prior to this course, I had zero experience with python but now I'm able to do simple programs on my own. The free textbook is simply incredible.
Well! First thing I want to say is This course bring to me basic python. This is show what computer thinking and how can I make conversation with this. Secondly, I want to say thank you dr. Charles Russell Severance you are amazing person I ever seen before.  So I will move on to next level in journer to become data science.
This is a fantastic course! Dr. Severance is great! He makes the information easy to understand and follow along with. I feel like I learned a lot in this course and have a good foundation for learning more in future courses. I would highly recommend this class to anyone that wants to get started learning coding with Python.
I think I have got a very good platform to learn python. Also, the way of teaching and the explanations are awesome. I will surely recommend everyone to go through Coursera and learn whatever you want.I am extremely happy to learn from here and have also certified with a course.....and am still taking many courses from here.
Excellent stuff! ... I don't have any programming background but comes from a math background. Even though i feel frustrated when i struggle but learning is always useful. Easy to follow instructions. Good job here. But the practice is the key, i guess an hour daily will help to achieve what you want to achieve in this path.
This is just a wonderful course Dr. Chuck, and the beauty of this course is the way you teach.You teach in a very joyful way that everyone learn it without feeling bore.You make this course more interesting and motivating by adding bonus videos.I wish this free access to Coursera extends so that I could learn more from you.
It was amazing going through the entire course1. As my first programming language, I would say it was worthwhile learning under Dr. Chuks. The classes were organised in such a way that I could follow up step by step without much complications. I am grateful I was patient enough to complete it, and I look forward to course2.
This course was very well structured, very well taught. This helped me understand basic concepts of python, made me realize why innovation and programming is amazing. Explanation provided by Professor Charles is so precise and understandable that I feel this is one of the best courses to get started with python programming.
This has been an amazing experience; it is so much convenient for people who are busy but still want to learn because Coursera is so flexible, Thank you Coursera! Thank you Dr Chuck, your explanation and classes are very helpful, detailed and beautifully assembled. I love coding!Thank you University of Michigan!Thanks!!! :D
This course gives you the substancial foundations to start your Python programming. It has it all, credibility, accesibility, simple notions to welcome you in the programming field both in theory and practice, helpful professor and intructors, well-organized schedule, a class feeling course that lights your Pythonista fire.
A nice course.Indeed it was kinda easy for people with some background in programming like me, but I think it is the way it should be for people with no experience. In my opinion people with no programming knowledge at all could use this course to start learning programming without having to study anything else before that.
Very suitable for new comers of programming. For me who has programming experience for more than 10 years and just want to catch up with the mainstream of programming in Python, it's a bit too simple. But that's my problem, not the class. The class is arranged nicely, Chunk presented very well and clear. I like it very much
I strongly recommend this course to everyone who didn't learn anything about programming before. Actually I have learned C language 8 years before but I don't think I understand programming. However this time I can realize why I should code like that. Dr. Severance's class is funny and vivid, it's worth to take this class.
It's a really simple course for beginners and really encouraging one. I had learnt Ocaml programming in my college first year but never learnt how thing worked there and wasn't able to visualize what actually was happening there. With this course I am able to visualize what each line is doing and how every loop is working.
Great course for any kind of demographic, be it a professional programmer seeking to add another language to their skill set or someone from a non technical background who have never coded in their lives. This course is beneficial to anyone who wants to start learning python. Great experience learning from a great teacher!
This is a good course if you are new to python or programming in general. The explanations for the course material is fine. However, some of the wording for the practice assignments could be worded better. I did not use the forums much, but I did see that the teaching assistant replied to other students in a timely manner.
Very well planned course, nicely divided into weeks. Helped me get started with Python. The instructor is good. Its like your personal tutor :). Moreover Not just theory but also those practical quizzes and exercises helped me get my hands dirty with coding too . I am looking forward for more such courses and certificates.
Charles Severence is amazing at what he does, his method of teaching is second to none.  you remind me of my physics teacher back at high school he was very unorthodox in his teaching also.  so glad to see the course has gone to include all the material from his phenomenal book.  Thank you and well done snape youre awesome
Basic python stuff covered. Useful for someone coming in with no real programming exposure. And a good revision for someone picking up programming after a gap. Dr.Chuck's style is easy and engaging to follow.  Note that this course covers only first five chapters of the python book.  Rest is covered as part of paid course.
Excellent introductory course for programming! Chuck really did a fantastic job "rewiring" my brain so that now I begin to think about everything in a linear way, like a machine...For an absolute beginner, Python is much more accessible than Javascript. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to get a taste of programming!
This was an excellent easy-to-follow introduction to programming and Python.  Course materials were well organized and presentations easy to understand.  Materials and explanations were very relevant.  Exercises presented good challenges and were appropriate to previous and current teachings.  So glad I took this course!!
I really liked the style of professor Chuck, not a second of his talk is boring or irrelevant. I would suggest adding at the very beginning some very basics, like (non-)importance of using spaces in Py, use of colon and brackets. And also, the perspectives of working with Python - what is it that we will use it to create!
This is a great course and it's truly a program for EVERYBODY.I And Dr.Chuck  is very knowledgeable and very humorous in class style. This course provides a lot of useful learning materials to make this course easier to learn and operate. I think I would highly recommend this course to my friends who want to learn Python.
I really liked the way the professor had taught us. I was beginner to coding before the start of this course. Few of my friends had scared me that coding is the most difficult of all. But, during the period of this course I haven't felt scared at all but additionally I was so excited to complete the whole specialization.
Wonderful, I am getting to do this thru the grant from Minnesota Economic development.   Easy to understand and work with.    I guess the only thing that would be nice (that I have gotten use to thru udemy courses) is a optional followup video on the assignment that just walks thru why everything works the way it should.
This course is Awesome, it helped me to explore more and also the assignments are good and more over this course also gives u the industry explosure , thanks for giving oppurnity to learn thank you coursera and also thank you to my lovely python instructor, i will meet u one day in real life and i will take your blessing
A very well arranged, well taught and well assessed course about basics of Programming with python. tutor teaches it with ease and assignments test your knowledge of course material. At the end of this course, you will have a perfect basic knowledge about python programming and you will be eager to start the next course.
Excellent course for a beginner with absolutely no background in computer programming languages or coding in general. This course has really given me the confidence to go for more advanced level of Python. I absolutely loved the video sessions by the instructor. It felt like i'm physically attending his class. Thank you.
This course is an excellent resource for true beginners. Charles Severance has this amazing way to explain things that helped make the shift from thinking that computers are super-smart and I am just not smart enough to understand them. After this course I think that I am smart and computers are dumb. Highly recommended!
This course is an absolute must for everyone wishing to get a good start in programming. Everything: from the quality of materials to the charm of Mr. Severance makes you want to return to the course and view another lecture, learn something new or succesfully complete another assignment.No, literally, that is supercool!
A very well taught intro to python and programming. I am a relatively experienced programmer in other languages, and am trying to get better with python with the python specialization. I found this course to be well taught and accessible. A bit too easy for someone with experience, however still great to pick up syntax.
Great first step to start of with introduction with a new language which for non-technical people like myself used to feel like rocket science. The instructor Dr. Charles is brilliant and there isnt a false moment in his teaching. It felt like taking one on one lectures. Looking forward to completing the specialization.
This course starts out with the real basics which makes it approachable for someone new to programming.  If you already have experience programming, you can move through the material in a matter of hours - so it becomes a good refresher but doesn't consume too much of your time.  Nice job!  Keep up the quality courses!!
Great course and interesting materials and assignments. But I have previous skills in other programming languages , so some tasks were not so hard to pass. Professor is great in teaching and explaining important and complex concepts in easy and funny way. I will recommend this course to beginners and intermediate users.
This is hands down best class I have taken through coursera. So well thought out. Prof does a great job presenting the materials in an order that allows the learner to build a start to finish understanding of the material that leaves you with knowledge that can be applied not just memorization of a programming language.
Good intro to Python. And to programming in general.One problem is that quizzes lock after you complete the course. Obviously, changing results after the end of the course is undesirable, but the ability to look through tests at at later date would be nice. I think this is a Coursera problem though, not course-specific.
Great course for anyone who is new to computer programming and wants to learn Python. This course covers Python 2.XX version which is good. For folks who already know other programming languages; you might want to consider other advanced Python courses or opt for advanced Python courses by Prof. Severance. Great Teacher
This course help me to build my python knowledge. It is best course from COURSERA platform. Mr.Chuck is the best for teaching python. This course help me to join in my career . Sometime I had questions about python, but this is the course that answered all of them . Finally, I recommend this course for studying python.
It is very well planned course for people who are just starting Python Programming. The assignments and quizzes are well set and it helps in evaluating ourselves how much we have learnt from the course. A very good course that I will recommend to every beginner who wants to start learning Python Programming. Thank You.
I am working as faculty in Engineering, i know java, c++, and c programming languages surprisingly i was happy while learning python supporting by my management. i am feeling happy programming in python rather than well known programming languages yet. i hope i may work on python in the future as developerin  my career
I've made several attempts (over the last 20years) at learning programming languages and theyve all left me intimidated and overwhelmed. For the first time I'm gonna walk away from finishing a course and feel empowered. I am excited to see what else I could do with a computer. Thanks Charles! You made a big difference!
I love this course. This is my first course on coursera as well as 1st in programming language. This help me to enhance my skill. I enjoy learning here. If anybody fearing from coding, programming etc. you should definitely join this course. And lastly thanks all for making such helpful and informative learning course.
Very good course at breaking down the basic principles of Python programming and getting someone who has ZERO programming background started on learning a completely new language. I loved the way the videos take you through things step by step and the course resources are invaluable. Thanks for a great starter package!
This course is great! Prof. Severance will walk you through all the basic concepts and capabilities of all programming languages in a simple and understandable way, it doesn't matter if you have previous experience or not. He'll even throw in a couple scifi and Michigan jokes to make the thing more entertaining, thanks
Professor will start teaching you from the basic so if you want to start programming its the best first step to take also this course is free so what we want because at other places you have to pay that too you wont get such a high quality of knowledge so go for it and choose this one to get yourself into programming.
Wonderful Course ! I am so glad to get a teacher like Dr. Charles for this course! Very clear concepts explained in a way even beginners can understand! The assignments also tested the key concepts  And as Dr. Chuck said , this is only half of the entire big picture and I'm taking the next course Data structures also.
this course is extremely suitable for an individual who does not know anything about python. but after i learned the course . it seems like a litter bit of easy. i commend that at the final of the course. the text should tend to more difficult so that people who learn this course can actually improve programming skill
Amazing Course. The auto grader, while a bit frustrating at times (through no fault of its own ;P), is an amazing tool that we got to use to actually test our codes on. Prof. Charles has a unique way of teaching and Ive grown fond of it. Im loving it so far and definitely wish to proceed futhur and gain more knowledge
This was an amazing journey to programming with Python for everybody, very detailed and step by step examples from Professor Mr Chuck. will definitely continue with more lessons and invite more people to follow up with the online courses.Continue your excellent work with the same passion for sharing the knowledge!!!!!
I have to admit that Dr Chuck is one of the best lecturer's that I have come across on the Coursera platform. He takes his time to explain concepts, relates it with real world examples, cracks jokes, and gives you the VR feeling "it's like he's seated across your desk". I recommend this to anyone curious about Python.
Humorous teacher and well-organized lecture, I really enjoy when I follow the lecturer and learning python. As a student of school of Arts, I am glad that I started my first programming class and found it interesting. I would keep going on my road of programming. Thank you coursera for giving me such an amazing class!
Interesting, useful, and captivating course. It helped me to get a good grasp in the "world of programming" and now I am feeling a bit more confident as I got relevant knowledge of the basics of Python. Definitely would recommend to a friend or anyone who wants to start learning Python but has no idea how that works.
An excellent course for complete beginners who want to learn coding from scratch. Although I was already familiar with most of the concepts taught, I was never really bored due to Professor Charles Severance and his compelling nature. I believe, with enough motivation, the course can be completed in less than a week.
It is an awesome course for a beginner! totally recommended. most importantly Prof.Charles Russell Severance guided the audiences using simple examples and useful assignments. All of these allow me to find the excitement and interesting parts of python. definitely keep my learning path on python with Prof. Severance.
The course was really good. It had some of the most basic concepts of python that even a non-technical person can learn. It helped me clear my concept overall. The videos were very well made and the explanation was simple yet effective for the learner. Overall it was a good experience for my first ever online course.
Dr. Chuck Severance is a good, thoughtful instructor, giving a course that is just right for anyone interested in getting started with computer programming.  In addition to the regular course materials, I recommend viewing Dr. Chuck's interviews with Python creator Guido van Rossum and Coursera creator Daphne Koller.
very good course for introduction programming skills. I had no idea about programming languages but when I follow the instructions, it took 1 week to complete all course with 100 point final grade! Thanks for sharing information very clearly and for free. I suggest everyone who would like to start from the beginning.
I thought programming is difficult but the way Dr. Chuck taught I think it is easy. I just completed the first module and I think I am now confident to go for advance topics.Thanks Dr. Chuck for designing the course in a brilliant way that even a person without any programming knowledge can learn and become a expert.
As someone who recently went through medical school but decided on a career change to pursue a career in software development and IT in general this course was a great stepping-stone in getting a feel for the bare bones in the world of coding and I definitely recommend it to coding newcomers with no prior experience.
Hi!!!!!!I'm Victor and I can't believe but I just finished Getting Started with Python as part of the Python for Everybody specialization. I didn't really know much about programming before I started but I was able to progress rapidly and flow with the course. I honestly feel Everyone can and should learn to program.
It is a very nice introduction to programming with Python. Truly for everybody. Even with little background in mathematics this is a very doable course! I used to get into the topic for my master thesis. Personally, at times the explanations got repetitive, but then again, this is an introduction. I can recommend it!
Mr Chuck you are the best!!! I wasn't convinced to take on line course. I thought it would be boring and hard to understand. I still do not feel an expert and it probably took me more time to understand some things- I'm not the mathematics genius. But now I feel that it something that I can try to develop. Thank you.
This course is a really good introduction into Python. I started this course with almost zero programming experience. The course is elaborate and easy to follow with good examples, and the teacher has a good sense of humor which makes the lectures more fun. I will definitely do the rest of the specialization courses!
I though that this was a very good beginner course to programming. I have had a introductory course for C programming and it was similar. The quality was good and it had many good ways to reinforce the concepts. Although some of the beginning classes were very basic I still learning some concepts that I did not know.
It was very interesting and the instructor has a right way of presentation which simplified the course. I appreciate the basic skills this course has offered me. Looking forward to the approval of chapter 2 financial aid to enable me proceed. I am passionate about this course and all related courses in data science.
this course is very helpful for me though i have learned some other languages before still i have learned a lot through this course all the thanks goes to proff charles from slytherin hahaha but assingments are very good and we can relate it from our life. thank you sir i hope we can meet some day in this very life.
I really like this class. I am new to programming in Python and this course makes me feel confident that every time I learn something new, I know what I am learning. I can pinpoint where I make mistakes or what I don't understand right away and build my knowledge step by step, stress-free, to write my first scripts!
An excellent course for programmers aspiring to learn the Python language. Lectures are short and easy to understand and the assignments are ideal tools for testing the  knowledge acquired throughout the course. Thank you Dr. Chuck for the course. I look forward to completing many more of your courses in the future.
I started learning with a book written by the same instructor, it's very helpful.In lectures on Coursera, the instructor made a vivid description of what python really do and how to make logical statements using python. I read the book as a supplementary of learning, which confirms me of what I learned from videos.
The way Charles Russell Severance has explained every concept, I guess even a 6-7 year old kid would be able to comprehend and ace the course. Everything was explained in simple language and in all possible detail. Not just python, I would recommend this course for anyone trying to pick up any programming language.
Great introductory course for beginners. Thanking Professor Charles Russell Severance for coordinating this course. I really learned a lot. I really appreciate your endeavors. This course proves anybody can learn to program in Python, all they need to know are basic mathematics and a little bit of logical thinking.
This is a really good course and most importantly it starts from basic. Anyone with no programming experience will go through quite easily. Bonus videos at the end of every week add to the content and quality of the course. Thank you professor for teaching the course and making it an amazing experience of learning.
Everything is perfect in this course, Awesome Exercises, Nice progress tracking system and much much more. I  had a lot of fun with Charles and also learned all the building blocks of Python Through out this course. Charles is an awesome teacher that I ever met . Thank you so much Charles sir.  # long_live_Coursera
This was by far the best Python course I have taken for absolute beginners. A lot of other courses begin with the basics but suddenly jump to more complex concepts after a week or two, but this course progresses beautifully for an absolute novice and is truly 'Programming for Everybody: Getting started with Python'
Wonderful course conducted by Dr. Charles Severance where he has explained the Python concepts in such a lucid manner that even people having no prior coding experience will find it very easy to learn.This course is definitely among the finest examples of pedagogy in programming. Thank you Dr. Charles and Coursera.
This course started very easy but ending slightly challenging so it was a perfect introduction to Python as well as general programming for me. My background is limited to writing lots and lots of SQL but always on the analytics side, not on the infrastructure side. Looking forward to continuing the specialization!
Clear, useful introductory course to programming in general and of course Python. Professor Charles is a great instructor, thanks to his optimistic attitude and engagement make things easier because he makes you laugh using funny an creative way to explain, It makes you feel more confident even if you fail at first
professors are very intelligent, They are really very much friendly and well elaborated .  And the videos are very well structured and well framed. the professors are really help very much to me and the website of coursera  is also very well framed , it is really very helpfull for solving the problems in programs.
If you want to know the basics of the python, then this is your platform. I just want to give you one advice, all the answers of the assignments are available on the internet. so don't cheat, you will not gain knowledge if you cheat. apart form that the course is informative and gives you basic knowledge of python
I cannot rave enough about Charles Severance. He makes learning the language fun and goes at the perfect pace--and he's entertaining! I found myself giggling as he was working through some explanations.This is THE quintessential class everyone should take before diving into tougher sections of Python. Thank you!!!
Very easy and basic programming friendly for all beginners. Actually it only takes about an hour for the courses and assignments per week. I had a little bit of java programming experience in high school but I think this is really good and relax for a programming review and start to learn new programming language.
First finished course on Coursera! I wanted to learn Python some years ago but did not find the time, the motivation and the right teacher... Charles is a great teacher and I really like how he oresents the concepts and the community. This course is one of the best I had as a MOOC (and I did more than 15 already).
Dr Chuck is a great instructor. Keeps us entertained throughout his lectures. Got help from teaching staff in the discussion forums very quickly, and was really happy about it. This course covers everything from the very basics, so anyone with zero programming knowledge can also take it! Thanks to the entire team!
Outstanding! Charles Severance is an extremely dedicated and passionate professor who makes you embrace Python3 like an entertaining activity; The rhythm of the lessons is accurate and the difficulty increases gradually from the basic programming skills up to the initial data structure; A must for learning python!
A great intro to Python! Professor Chuck explains everything in a clear way and makes it enjoyable. I just wish all the assignments had worked exercises because it takes some time getting used to the idea of writing your first bit of code. Nonetheless, this is a great start and I look forward to the second course!
I've tried to learn Python for years! Always starting and stopping...there is something about Dr. Chuck and Coursera that has helped me go farther than any previous effort. The learning is challenging and very rewarding! Thank you! The PDF of Python for Informatics by Charles Severance helped reinforce the videos.
The course as well as the course contents are perfect. Dr. Chuck explains all the concepts really well. Whether one has done programming earlier or not, this course will give you an insight of what programming means. I would highly recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn Python. Go for it . Good Luck!
This  is the ideal course for a beginner. As I already knew the basics of C programming some of the concepts was already clear to me. Still I would recommend this course if you already know another programming language and trying to learn python. However in that case you will be able to complete the course early.
"Python for Everybody" is the perfect start for beginners....sir chuk...you are really funny and your way of teaching is very good to bring the interest in anyone....who ever is thinking to take this course go for it ...you won't even feel stressed or pressurized...so go learning ...go coding....enjoy with python
This course is amazing for every beginner who wants to step into the programming world. Anyone can learn the basics of programming from this course. Also, it has a playground (Online coding environment) to run your program and to test them. Very thankful to Instructor and Coursera for availing this course for us.
In the beginning, i knew nothing about python but now it is 20% . I think computer languages are difficult to peoples if they haven't learnt from good teachers like you because you have started this course from zero. you taught us the very very basic point.so thankyou sir to make python easy understandable to us.
Very good one for the once who are starting fresh on this programming knowledge. I know couple of programming languages, but i wanted to learn python. So not a bad one, in fact it turned to be the best on for me. Now I'm pretty good with the basics as well and i would like to take this to next level. Thank you :)
I really appreciated the structure of the course. All of the video content easily covered the topics needed for the assignments. I also find the course textbook to be incredibly concise and to the point. I didn't feel like any information was missing and it was very easy to navigate if I needed to find an answer.
This course is suitable for those who don't have any previous knowledge or very little knowledge of programming. And the instructor, Dr. Chuck is very funny and makes the concepts so easy to learn and interesting that the learning experience turns awesome! I really wish I could meet him and learn tonnes from him.
excellent videos by Dr chuckalthough i will recommend this video to only beginners to programming.those who already have experience in c and java can fast forward the videos and complete just the assignments as a lot of stuff is same .overall very nice .ill definitely like to watch other videos related to python.
This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has
 a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows 
what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely 
to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to. He was 
interesting and even funny at times
It was really an amazing course I must say . I had been too afraid about programming language . So I took a daring challange in quarantine and Alhamdulillah successfully I am done with my course 1 . My instructor learned me in the easiest way . Thanks ! So from this inspiration I am going to take my 2nd course .
great course , really suggest this course if you are just starting with programming and have no previous experience of coding, the structure of the course is very systematic , helps a lot of keeping track in terms of what you have learnt and also , you will just be able to start coding at the end of this course.
Great. It is easy to understand. The course content is at the appropriate level. You can feel like improving step by step. And the assignments are well-designed to consolidate the knowledge. Overall I am satisfied with the course design and will continue with the following chapters despite the free trial passed.
This is a good programming course for a beginner. The instructor, Dr Chuck, is a great teacher. His teaching somehow manages me as a beginner to be a `real` programmer, following a good track, rather than a random track if we become a programmer by ourself (self-taught).  Thank you Dr Chuck, wish you good health
Enjoying the learning process already! The introduction made me want to get more involved in the learning process of python. It's normally hard for something or anything at that, to keep my attention long enough for me to learn anything. Thank you so far in making this experience feel a little more easy and fun.
Never thought I will be able to program but here  I am.The lectures are easy to follow. The assignments are very hands on and aides what is taught in the lectures. The lectures are brief so you don't get bored. The mentor and other teaching staff are very prompt to reply and solve any doubts that you might have.
It is a very basic course for beginners, so the pace of the lectures is kind of slow and the content simple. However, most of the time, I found it very helpful and inspiring, because Prof. Severance explained everything in detail for beginners like me, and he was such a funny teacher! I quite enjoyed the course.
The instructor explains it very well and I have learned so much in this part. But the most important thing is, I have learned to solve problems. Exercises were perfect. Nothing too much, just in place. To get you going.Can't wait for the other chapter.I encourage everyone who wants to take this course, do it!!!
It was really good experience, I love to attend classes ...it's quite interesting n easy way to learn... Quiz and assignment also good....top of this I got an idea about utility of python programmers and there working way....I am happy with this course...thank you sir for making wonderful session...thanks a lot
By far the best online programming class that I have ever been a part of. Dr. Charles with his smile at the end of videos just keeps you stuck to the screen and keeps the desire of learning something new intact.Great job the whole staff and the University of Michigan for helping us get a teacher like Dr. Chuck!
This course is too good sir. You are making it too special. along with the teaching the sessions like guidance from great personalities and office hours sessions are too good. The way in which you teach also lure us to the study. Looking forward to make good use of whatever the knowledge you gave. Thanks a lot.
This course is very useful for all the people who know about programming or not.i was little bit of experience in programming but this course is very useful for me i learn new thing in which. its is very suitable for those who don't know about programming . and again i want to say Thanks Dear professor Dr chuck
Excellent way to get started with Python. The explanations are sufficient to pass all exams and assignments, although they accurately leave a bit of space for the student to investigate and research certain chapters on Google themselves, which happens to be an essential part of programming as well. Recommended.
Professor Severance is very humorous and he always make great metaphors to help the students understand better. I wish I could know and learn from him in person! Overall, this course is a great experience for beginners like me to learn python. After this I am hoping to participant in some higher-level projects.
Professor Charles Severance is simply awesome, I have become a big fan of his style of teaching, Thanks you Charles. This is a fantastic course, that every one who is beginning to program must take. The course introduces to all the basics about Python, it is a great way to start your journey with Python.Thanks.
Excellent way to learn basics of Python. Exercises are easy enough while conveying the core principles. Would recommend it to anyone interested in learning Python. Just a small suggestion, if there were little bit more exercises, the course would be perfect, or at least a link to exercises specific to chapters.
Great introduction to Python, in easy-to-understand chunks. Having finished this course, I'm really looking forward to completing the next items in the specialisation!  If you're wondering if coding's for you, or if you can do it - this course will get you started coding with zero tears.  It's totally worth it.
Great, great course! It takes an aspiring programmer by hand and leads step by step through loops, functions and conditional statements. Charles Severance, the instructor, makes the videos funny and interesting and the interviews with people from the field create the feeling of being a part of something big :-)
Thanks to the coursera and all the instructors for their struggle and make make us able to learn a lot the courses overall was awesome ,the best content and great videos,lectures, assignments and quizzes The best way of learning And also grateful for coursera financial aid it help me a lot.Thank you once again
Great for those who are new to the world of programming, learning a new programming language, or just want to wind down and reminisce the simpler times of programming. Lessons delivered with near-physical atmospheres; great if you need help with focusing in an online learning environment. Will highly recommend
thank you so much for giving me this opportunity to learn python. I am a math major, and I won't be able to take a python course during undergrad, but i know this is really important. I appreciate this program and the partnership with UC Riverside so that I may be able to complete this course at no cost to me.
Really nicely put together intro course. I come from ZERO programming background. I definitely needed reddit and github help, so you need to do your work and just learn the basics here and get help where you need it. What's the point of copying and pasting someone else's code---just take a step back and learn!
This course is amazing if you are a beginner and want to start coding using python its also helpful for those who already know a programming language but want to get used to the syntax of python but they may find this course a bit lengthy i would recommend them just to skip some of the parts they already know.
I like the course very much. It was fun to wach and try to do yourself. The lectures are easy to understand. For the last assignment, I was lost in the code. Even the answer was in front of my eyes, I couldn't see it. I have learnt than we have to be careful about the order of precedence. I hank you very much.
One of very few programming intro classes that takes the time to make sure the student understands the material. Especially important with new coders, but even experienced coders in different language types will appreciate the hammering home of some of the more distinct concepts in object oriented programming.
“Wonderful. This is the best organized, most pragmatic,           
  and enjoyable course I've taken.”Dr.CHUCK was a great instructor, very entertaining,
  knowledgeable. I found the material very applicable and
  got much more out of the class than I expected .“Totally fantastic, right level, right material.”
I just loved this course. This was my first course in something like programming. Charles Sir taught this course with such simplicity and fluency that I got interested in pursuing future courses in the specialization. Thanks a lot Charles Sir and University of Michigan; and of course Coursera for this journey!
This course is quite beneficial for the beginners. The course materials have been designed in such a way that they help with the basic building concepts of Python. The quizes and programming tasks are added benefits and help in the overall assessment. The lessons are interactive and thus interesting to pursue.
Dr. Severance was an amazing instructor. The Python 4 everybody website was an amazing resource to let us start programming immediately without having to set up things on our computer. I have a Python background and i felt this course provided a thorough introduction and served as a solid refresher for myself.
This is a FANTASTIC foundation for people who have not gotten into the weeds of a programming language before. The way Charles breaks everything down and gives you logical, visual, and technical ways to think about each coding concept is a great multi-pronged teaching approach that makes coding feel intuitive.
This is a great course I sincerely recommend  for you. As I am a beginner here in programming, I can feel that I learn a lot here from this course, and the homework also made me to think and solve it. I am enjoy in solving work and Professor Chunk's trip around the world. This is my favorite part after class.
The instructor is awesome and the designing of course is fabulous and super easy to understand. I found this course great. I will suggest who want to learn Python Must must take this Course. It will help you lot and clear all your basics.I refer all my beloved friends and juniors to take this course.Thankyou.
Actually I loved this course offered by Coursera and my professor Dr.chucks the way he taught us that's really fantastic, I was very enthusiastic in the whole course to learn new things and loved the way Dr.chucks explained it all. I suggest everyone if they are planning to learn python they must go for this.
Love it. Don't be afraid if you've zero IT / programming knowledge. This course caters to complete beginners. I came w/o any knowledge and i thoroughly enjoyed this course. Easy step by step and systematic learning. Can always revisit the videos again if you can't remember something. Thanks so much Dr Chuck !
Very well done course that is a great introduction to people who have little to no prior coding experience. The instructor explains concepts in multiple ways in plain language and analogies easy to understand. I also enjoyed the bonus video interviews with people involved in open source software and hardware.
Best programming course I have ever taken. Charles Severance explains all concepts clearly and demonstrates them in a fun and practical way that makes it easy for people to work at assignments at their own speed and learn how to build relatively complex programs with little or no background in programming. :)
Good intro to python. Gets you on basics as well as loops and conditional statements. The lectures cover the book materials and are helpful for understanding. The worked examples are often straight forward, but occasionally require some debugging and extending your thinking a little past the current material.
This course is focused on teaching the basics of python for those who does not know even the basics of programming. The way that the professors provide explanations to every concept makes pretty easy to understand every aspect of the course.  I highghly recommend it for newcomers in the world of programming.
What's really great about this course is that you get 3-4 different avenues to learn and secure your knowledge on the topic. Not only are there videos you can watch and material to read, the quizzed help remind you of what you learned and most of all the practice exercises give you experience in programming.
It was really a wonderful learning experience with Prof. Charles. He is really a great educator and learning python for the first time wouldn't have been better than this. So thanks to Coursera for giving us such a great opportunity to learn online while being quarantined at our home for the last two months.
Excellent course, well suited for beginners, as it covers the very basics to ensure you understand all subsequent steps. The teaching approach is very engaging and interspersed exercises as well as additional material and resources available from the PY4E website helped me stay engaged throughout the course.
Great lecturer and well though-out assignments that cement the teaching in the lectures. The 'autograder' assignments are very useful and how some code has been entered to start you off and get you thinking (it may or may not be correct!)My only criticism is that the bonus materials aren't all that relevant.
I really loved this course. I have no prior knowledge of programming. After completing this course, i have learned the basics of Python programming. The teaching and the exercises in this course is really good. I would definitely recommend this course to someone who wants to start learning python from basics
Outstanding introduction to Python. A bit off topic at times, but all with good intent by Dr. Chuck. For those with NO knowledge of computers, it's a good point to start; those with intermediate computer knowledge, you'll find yourself time-skipping through videos at time. 10/10, have recommended to friends.
Very good course! It explains a computational language in an easy way so i, a biologist could easily understand it. The tests are very compatible with the course theory and really helped me to practice what I've learned in the course. Congratulations on the great course! I'm looking forward to the next ones!
An awesome course for beginners..Starts from the root of logic building and programming and moves forward to some tough problems..Very interactive sessions with an awesome teacher who brings a big smile on your face whenever you open the video..Feeling really high after completing the course... Thank you..:)
Very good, very understandable, the explanation is thorough and systematic. I love how Mr. Charles teaches, his clear explanation, supported with easy-to-understand examples and analogies is just the best !! I love studying about Programming and i would like to take another class! Thanks very much Coursera!
I really enjoyed it. It was too easy for me, though, because I already took a Python Specialization from UofMichigan. I'm excited to tackle the other courses in this Specialization, though. That should be fun! Thanks for a great course in general, and I love the open source nature of this. All the best! Ian
Different to many other courses you can sense that the teacher knows the potholes you can fall in as a student and he provides you as a student very good help in achieving tasks and assignments, a well thought through course by a teacher who likes to programme and teach. I salute him for a very good course.
This course helped me significantly with programming. Considering AI, Data Science, and Machine Learning are only getting more advanced and essential for our lives, I see learning Python as an invaluable asset for our future. I highly recommend this course for everyone, no matter the programming experience.
Its a great start for beginners. All the basic concepts are taught in a simple manner so that anyone can understand. Its the right pace and easy to go with the flow. Helps the people with no programming background get into the field of programming. Its interactive and the tasks are the right amount of tough
For a person who had no previous knowledge in programming whatsoever, this course was really helpful. Along with tutorial videos, quizzes and assignments ...the interviews of some of the pioneers in their own fields of technology really keeps you motivated , not only to keep learning but move ahead in life.
What an effort put by the instructor and the assignments are design cleverly good so that we can get the basic idea as well as uderstand the concept. Just add a little more task start form easy to complicated so that we can get a higher level of understanding. Thanks again for making such an awesome course.
Excellent Course! Great introduction for Python.Awesome trainer! The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all. He is fun to listen to!
it was very nice and helpful but for someone who already the basic of any programming language its not necessary to take this course because this course for those who never done the programming before Anyway I'm thankful to Coursera for providing such opportunity for student to learn.Thank YouAqila Ebrahimi
Amazing course. Never thought learning would be so much fun. This is my first online course and I feel motivated to do more! Coursera has revolutionized the teaching methodology. Special Thanks to Dr.Chuk. you are the reason for my first Python certificate. You are an awesome teacher and inspiring figure.:)
Great course!Prof Severence is an excellent instructor that does a great job explaining the concepts, answering questions, and providing a bit of humor along the way!The quizzes are a nice way to check your understanding, and the assignments are just challenging enough to be worth while. Highly recommended!
Prof Charles Severance made the course interesting. I wasn't a fan of programing  hats off to Prof Charles. I am interesting in moving to the next course in Python. I would prefer if we have more than one code assignment so students who want to practice more it will be handy. may be it can be made optional.
Great course. Professor Chuck Severance really makes you understand the whole concept, the material is consistent and well-structured and the interviews - Computing Conversations - with important figures of Technology are insightful (Massimo Banzi - Arduino; Guido van Rossum - Python; Pooja Sankar - Piazza)
Un curso muy útil para aprender Python des de 0. Contenido muy didáctico y muy bien explicado!-----------------------------------------------------------------------Very usefull course for learning Python with no previous experience.Very didactic content and with well explained classes.Thanks Dr. Severance!
I liked this course a lot. I think it gave me a pretty strong basis to start deepening my knowledge in the field of programming even more. Furthermore, the teacher explains the concepts in a very clear manner and the book provided is  a very valid instrument to deepen what has been said during the lessons.
This is an excellent platform where excellence is a tradition! Thanks to the very inspiring, impressive, and very techie facilitator, Dr. Chuck! This is such a very good resource for learning python. I am going to recommend this resource to my colleagues and close friends! Keep up the good work, Dr. Chuck!
although it was an online class , but the way it was presented made it interactive and interesting , and was able to pay attention from the start till end.For someone with finance background with zero programming experience , i was able to follow and understand what was taught and follow through.Good job !
Thank you, University of Michigan. I understand that the course can be slow-paced, even for myself. However, the slow pace allowed me to grasp the concepts of python: indentation is crucial, how to properly format loops, etc. which was great coming from C++. I look forward to continuing the specialisation.
The course is excellent - I started with no knowledge of either Python or coding in general, and I thought this was a great introduction. It is quite slow-moving, so I wouldn't recommend it for anyone with prior knowledge on the subject, but I would recommend this course very highly for absolute beginners.
I was complete noob before getting started with this course. But after completing all the assignments and the practicing all the exercises behind textbook now i might be able to read some basic codes and be able to understand them. Thank you Charles Severance, for creating such a nice course for beginners.
Its a wonderful Course and the tutor not only is experienced,has a good idea about the materials but also keeps the students engaging. You would never stop the course midway. The tuutor exactly knows to teach a beginner. This is definitely the course you were looking for if you are beginner in promgramming
The simplified approach was great. This is a better way to teach programming than when I learn C decades ago. Had the professor taken the basic approach taken in this class instead of overwhelming individuals with computational math problems from the start, I would have continued down the programming path.
Thank you for providing useful materials for who does not know any programming. I'm very interested in this course and i'm going to continue educating myself in Python which opened new window in my IT world. And special thanks for Dr. Severance who made this challenging course easy to learn and understand.
Never thought I would enjoy programming as I just believed my brain didn't work that way, but how wrong was I. I am simply amazed at how well the instructor subtly but quickly builds on previous slides to  increase your understanding so that after six weeks you thoroughly grasp the very basic fundamentals.
Excellent course ! Dr. Charles Severance is a conscientious teacher. He gives the clear and funny examples and keeps encouraging learners. The lessons are well-structured and the assignments following the lessons require the ability to apply the functions. I highly recommend this course for all beginners.
This is the best course for those who do not have any prior knowledge in programming and python. One thing which take my whole attention toward this course is the way of teaching. I think its hard to fined someone who gets bored with this professor.  I suggest this course to every beginner in programming.
The course instructor is very patient. Although I am an advanced beginner the quiz questions were sometimes tricky. I like the attitude of the instructor when he says that he wants us to become teachers and spread the knowledge that we have gained through this course to others.Thank you for a fresh start!
Before learning this course, I dont know anything about programming.But really, the way Professor.Chuck delivered the concept of python from scratch helped me to do coding and kindled the interest to do next course.Thank you Professor.Now i am confident to do coding from expressions upto loops in Python..
Really really good course. I am a complete beginner and I found the difficulty of the course to be just right. Challenging but engaging. Dr. Charles made the lessons very easy to understand. He's occasionally funny too! Assignments were useful and I've learned a lot in this introductory course. Thank you!
I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn to programme. Although I'm tech-savvy, I had no prior knowledge of the software and also I'm not from a STEM background. Even then, I swiftly completed this course while developing simple yet substantial programmes. Thank you, Charles Severance.
An absolutely awesome course to get your interest into python lit! The lecture is just too good, its way easier to understand the fundamentals. This course is gonna help a lot in getting a proper understanding of the what basics of python that's required. Overall a very good course if you're a beginner :>
Very enjoyable and well taught course. This course will give me the ability in the future to utilize Python in my everyday learning, as well as hopefully aid me to learn and better understand other programming languages. The teacher Charles Severence was a fantastic teacher and explained things very well.
Having no prior programming experience, this class was a great introduction. Dr. Chuck's made the course material feel intuitive, and were complemented nicely by the reading material and exercises. Each chapter built on the previous chapters nicely. Looking forward to taking the next course in the series!
This is an excellent initiative to educate the world. I hope that the course reaches great heights. I believe that the one who completes this course will proudly say "Hey! If I can teach a computer (through Python), then I can teach anyone in need."This course really makes "Programming for Everybody"!! :)
I used to do a lot of very simple programming when I was younger, but let it slide over the past decade or so. Being a total newcomer to Python, I really appreciated the solid foundation that this course provides, and I'm looking forward to furthering my knowledge of Python with the other related courses.
As a beginner in Python Language, I found this 7-week course very comprehensive and also made me so comfortable to code. Our tutor, Prof. Charles, explains the basic concepts of programming and coding syntaxes very clearly and with a bit of humour  :)I thoroughly enjoyed all the classes of this Course-1.
Great course! I didnt think I could complete a course in programming... From the outside, I always thought it was too abstract. But Dr. Severance is a great teacher! He makes python programming seem so easy. I know it gets tougher from here but Mehn, if I can complete this, then I can complete any other.
This is one of the my best course. Dr chuck provide some of the new concept through python 3. it was great experience for me to learn this course and also provided the way to teach and also how to write a program..This is best course and i would to like to say learn with fun and explore your knowledge...
It may seem like a slow start, especially if you understand the basics of programming, but actually it is great that Dr. Chuck walks you through it all with easy examples and a great teaching style!Would recommend this to anybody who starts out with coding above self-teaching resources like Code Academy.
I found this course to be both well designed and interestingly presented. It kept my attention and has made me crave for more Python. I have already signed up for another course!Many thanks to Dr. Chuck and the Teaching Assistants for all their efforts to help me along the journey to Pythonic excellence.
Very well structured course content. Easy to understand and follow. Just don't forget that the included exercises do not automatically make you an expert so if you want to enroll make sure to set aside a bit of extra time for additional reading and hands on coding to really make the most of this course.
This is a wonderful course -
both personally and professionally.  Incredibly informative I will
take away lots of things that I can quickly and easily apply in my professional
career. The most important part is that I enjoyed every bit of the session
& practiced well and completed everything in on time.
This course was very useful. I'am doing my M.E Automotive Engineering and i just thought knowing additional programming language would be very useful. The Instructor is very talented in making the audience understand the programming concept effectively. Thank you so much for letting me have this Course.
If you are a complete beginner in the Programming world then this course here is the perfect platform to kickstart your coding journey. The instructor always makes sure that he explains each technical jargon in simple relatable English and his way of teaching is good. He never makes his lectures boring.
It was a pleasure learning experience and I am glad I got this opportunity to learn programming at this point of my career. Being a non-technical person this platform is giving a ray of hope that I can survive in this technical world. I never thought I could start programming, but now I can say - I can.
It is such an amazing experience! Even though I am from life science back ground, I am now able to write programmes in python without any syntax errors. I am so fascinated to continue my learnings in data science and R in none other than coursera. Thank you so much #Charles severance and #coursera team!
This course was an amazing introduction to programming in Python. Dr. Severance does a great job introducing the material and walking the viewer through logic exercise/implementing code. I look forward to taking the next courses in the certificate program and expanding upon what I have learned thus far!
Chuck is a very good teacher, he using the simply example to explain the complex thing, and most "simple example" is genius ideal, they must be pay a lot on the background of the class. I learn python is for extend my technical knowledge and for more working opportunities, I trust the class can help me.
I just finished the first course in the specialization. Dr. Severance is excellent! He is the best computer science teacher I have ever had. The example codes are simple, but insightful. He takes his time explaining the concepts step-by-step. He makes learning python as easy as eating a taco. Seriously.
I'm not a beginner in the field of programing, so I can't tell how friendly this course is to one's who just started learning coding. But at least for me, this has been a great experience since the course is content filled and the exercise is interactive enough for me to put the knowledge into practice.
Teacher Charles is doing a wonderful job to me, a very beginning learner.    I've never thought I could take a programming class, and I didn't know if I can do that.   Professor is really interesting during class video and with proper level of assignments help me more understand the materials I learned.
i liked how the course was designed.Gave an overview of Python Programming.Coming from C/C++ found the coding quite crisp.Furthermore i would like to thank the faculty who designed the course .Professor Charles for the video & the instructions too. And yes indeed programming for everybody is not a myth.
Good introduction to Python. Examples and assignments were just what I needed to get a jumpstart. Professor has an amazing and funny teaching style (if you're someone from the coding industry), helps chill out and relax and learn at the same time !! Thank you very much !! Can't believe it's all free ...
I would definitely repeat this course again. It has good narative, nicely paced around. And seems it meant that we will be now teachers to others. It is really meant for Everybody.I learneth also how to use command promt during this course and also language which is usable in any work not just at home.
I loved this course. In this course, I got to learn about basic python language. It was fun attending the lectures, I got to know about the basic structures of  a programEveryone should do this course as knowing a programming language(one of the most popular ones)is necessary for the coming generations
Actually it was my first online class, and I really enjoyed it, because it involved me in this community of online courses. And Dr. Chuck was really inspiring person for me, and it really helped me to realize how these online courses worked. And also learn basic knowledge in fun way about the Internet.
I am a Computer science Graduate and a working professional. The course is so clear that even if you have absolutely no idea about programming, you can understand programming concepts and learn Python easily. If you have experience in programming it will brush up a lot of your basics. Happy learning :)
I had bit of knowledge in C and wanted to learn a new language.This course is perfect if you had prior experience with another language.Charles servernce is the best professor you could ever ask for.His classes are funny, informative and really fantastic.Please take this course and become a Pythonista!
My greatest applause for the course teacher! Simply greatly equipped and talented computer scientist!I guess python just eased my way for programming, made it easier than java, C, label those oldies!All i can say this course made me a better programmer!Thanks to all who served to bring out this course.
This course really me with the basics of python language. Great instructor, Dr.Chuck :)) he explained it keen and we in his guidance succeeded. Thank you coursera for this course and thank you University of Michigan. Assignments and quiz can help you to know the mistakes and can gain knowledge from it.
Thank you so much for the great work put into developing this course. The lectures were very easy to follow and engaging as well. I really enjoyed the hands-on assignments and I found the questions on the quizzes to be relevant. This was a fantastic introduction to Python and to programming in general.
This was my first step into my career and I had a great experience learning this course. I thank Coursera for providing this course to me for free. I thank  Dr. Charles Severance(Dr. Chuck). He is a great teacher and scientist. I never bore while listening to him. Excellent python course for beginners.
This course seemed course started a little slow covering the very basics of how computer hardware and software interact. However, I did learn a few things and look forward to taking more advanced programming courses with Coursera.  I really appreciate Coursera focuses on the "why" as much as the "how".
Fairly phenomenal course. Goes at a pace extremely usable for someone who has never learned a programming language. The fact that the course is written for Python 2.7 instead of 3.0 makes it slightly outdated, but it is an easy fix once you get the hang of the syntax differences between the iterations.
Wonderful training, really well put together by Dr. Chuck. His didactis is unbelievable! It makes learning not only much easier but really enjoyable! I´ll carry on into the learning track and I´m really thankful to Coursera and Dr. Chuck for this great opportunity! Cheers from Rio/Brazil. Gerlan Cidade
Programming makes sense to me now.The course material is well thought out and progresses in a way that allows for full understanding of how the language works.  I have tried learning Python, C++, and Java from other sources; this is the first time I feel I have been successful.  I want't to learn more!
I loved this course. The instructor was so good at explaining concepts. I grasped everything immediately. The discussion forum was helpful when i got stuck at doing assignments. The overall experience was very nice. I would like to continue and gain a specialization in this course.Thank you very much!
This is my first course in coursera. I never expect the teaching would be these much good. Thanks to the teacher. He's just mind blowingly fantasic. Also this is the best couse to startup with programming. Thank you coursera for such opportunity to learn such things. And also Thanks to the instructor.
The course was very well structured. I've coded in several other languages but I think even a beginner would benefit and learn from this course. If I've any issues it's just the final assignment is an almost a sudden exponential level of difficulty compared to the previous ones, but I'd be nitpicking.
I had a small experience of coding before this course, but found the structure very intuitive and the instructions clear. Prior to the course I didn't even know how (or where) to enter code on my Mac, I'm now able to write some simple code to execute a range of instructions. Really interesting course.
Easy to follow, and I have no experience with coding whatsoever! Got rid of my fear of programming and looking forward to continue with the next courses. The lectures are perfectly paced and Dr. Severance is a briliant teacher. Also thanks for the staff who helped me when I got stuck in one of the ass
I've taken a few introductory programming courses from different providers but i think this is the best one so far for people who are starting off. It lives up to the title "Programming for Everybody". Prof Severance makes it fun which I think is important in the beginning because programming is hard!
The instructor is awesome and the designing of course is fabulous and super easy to understand. I found this course great. I will suggest who want to learn Python Must must take this Course. It will help you lot and clear all your basics.I refer all my beloved friends and juniors to take this course.
thank to the team for giving the very good lectures and assignments.
i learn so many things and thanks to the dr. chunk
this is very understandable by every one without prior knowledge.
i will be continuously leaning the python programming ....
i attend the further lectures also.
thank you very much.
Great course for beginners and enthusiasts who want to learn programming skills.The course is very easy to follow for those who have prior knowledge in programming.Dr Chuck has delivered the content very well.The lectures are interesting and also keeps the viewers engaged by cracking jokes sometimes.
Very nicely designed course. I completed this course in a single day as I just want to review the concepts once but I can assure you that if you are a beginner, this course will definitely help you develop an interest in the programming. The energetic instructor made this course very enjoyable.Thanks
I loved this course so much! I learnt a great deal, and I was so excited about the content that I could not wait for the next video/assignment/reading. The concepts were well explained, the course material is great and I like the instructor. It definitely lived up to its name of Python for Everybody.
This is by far one of the easiest courses on Python for absolute beginners. The instructor starts from absolute scratch and build using basic examples and detailed explanations. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and hope to gain more and more understanding and practice on Python in this Specialization.
I am highly impressed by the Chuck's teaching methods. I was hesitant in the beginning since this is a programming language, but I was surprised how smoothly I am able to understand the concepts taught by him (I refer to the videos as well as the online book).Thank you so much Chuck, you are amazing!
The professor who teaches this course is extremely helpful, patient, and as a bonus is a total goofball. This made the course not only useful but also very enjoyable. I looked forward to doing the exercises each week, and I felt prepared to tackle them. I would highly recommend this course to anyone.
I was an amazing course. This course is so beginner friendly and enjoyable. The instructor taught all the topics with detail. This course goes perfectly, so fast or slow. Specially the quiz and assignments helped me a lot to learn python. As well as now I'm ready to enter the awesome world of Python
The course is really engaging and ensures that all its learners understand all the minor details of programming. Mr. Charles Severance has done an excellent job in teaching and explaining concepts to learners that even people from non-programming background will be able to grasp the concepts. Kudos!
This is perhaps the best online course I have taken so far.  The course is paced optimally for beginners and the assignments are designed to help students practice and demonstrate what they have learned. I would prefer to have more assignments.  Dr. Chuck is systematic and clear in his explanations.
If you have some programming under your belt, you should still take a moment to work through this first course. It will show you many of the intricate differences between Python and other languages you may know. Very well organized and even the textbook is a nice read! That's huge for a coding book!
This is an amazing course for "beginners". If you are totally new to programming world then this course is best for you. But if you are familiar with other programming language like C or Java then you may not find this course very useful. Take this course if you are totally new to programming world.
Step by step approach. Always an element of stretch, but with perseverance you can work out the problems. Thankfully English is my first language, so at least that isn't an additional challenge. I have a greater appreciation for how much code goes into some relatively basic functions I use on my PC.
This course is a good start for people who knows a programming language, but also wants to learn Python as well. It really helped me learning the basic operations and necessary syntaxes I need to know. Hence, this course also reveals the unique features of Python that many languages don't possesse.
Because I think that Coursera is a great platform that provides us outstanding courses and its is the best way to learn through coursera to work in a workplace in future,I think Coursera is the best option for all the learners and there is brilliant instructors / teachers in it.
Thank you Coursera.
It is a didactic starting course for everybody. Some basics are being explained here, but if you already have experience as a Software Engineer and have used Python to some extent, you can just go to the grades and start completing the assignments, for me it took me less than two hours to complete.
Many thanks to Professor Severance for this course.Despite the fact that the course, I think, was too easy for me, I learned some new key points in programming. Professor Severance explains the basics of programming so easily for understanding that even a foreign student will get a lot of pleasure.
This is my first experience with Coursera. I am so overwhelmed with this system, that as soon as I am done with this course, I'll go for next. Speaking of this course, I had an amazing experience with beginners course of Python. It made me confident, and gave me courage to purse more in this field.
This course is very interesting and appealing. I love the teaching style of Dr. Charles. As a woman, it is even easy for me to learn programming. I think learning Python on Coursera is a once-in-a-life experience for me. I have already introduced the course to many of my friends and family members.
Great course for beginners!! Professor Charles is a great teacher as he explains everything in a lucid way and even clear misconceptions in the mind of novice programmers. It helped me to build my fundamentals in a very organized way . Must to take for anyone beginning to learn python from scratch.
I thought this course was excellent. I had a little experience with Python from another Coursera course, and this helped to clarify and solidify the basics. It seems well-designed for beginners although absolute beginners with little experience in STEM may have to work hard and use other resources.
The pace is perfect for beginners. I've done a fair amount of programming in the past but I definitely appreciate how the tutor goes through the material patiently. The assignments were fairly easy for me due to my background but I thought they were challenging enough for any first-time programmers
Completely new to programming.  This course was easy to understand, but seems to provide complete information to write complex programs if desired.  The presentation is concise, so not overwhelmed with unnecessary information or overly long explanations.  The professor is engaging for the lectures.
As an introductory course it offers a lot if you are aspiring to START learning about Python or programming in general. The workload is light but you learn enough and I'd recommend to advance to the course in the series to continue applying what you learned and to expand that knowledge more deeply.
Really enjoyed your way of teaching Dr. Chuck! Although I'm familiar with Python, I'm taking this specialization to strengthen my basics and become more proficient in Python with the help of some guidance from an expert. And what more do you want if you can have your guide be like a friend too! :D
Mr. Chuck is the best tutor I ever met online or f 2 f. I am much comfortable studying online initially until my basics are strong. I'll would surely like to meat Mr. Chuck so that I and move ahead with this journey with better motivation and better base as well.Thank you once again.... Mr. Chuck.
Really I am so happy with this course, this is the first course I feel comfortable to solve my assignment and also feel excited how fast I submit my assignment. This is the first course that overcomes the fear of my programming language. Especially thanks to our Instructor and I am so glad to him.
thank you so much to give this opportunity.i am learning lots of thing about this course.now i write python code and solve some small problem. it is also helpful in my future life.it also help my job section.i am happy to complete the course.i am excited to do the next half of the course.thank you
It is a great course! I have never had experience with Python before this course, but the professor was awesome at walking through the lectures in a very understandable manner for a beginner like me. Would highly recommend this course to others looking to get an overview on programming in general!
This course is really really great!! Dr. Chuck 's lectures are very clear and easy to learn. I have never programmed before, so I was a little nervous about taking this class. Fortunately, this course is so great that I can totally understand what Dr. Chuck wanted to teach us. Highly recommended!!
This course is very easy to follow. The assignments align with the content of the lecture very well. Mentors response to my questions on the discussion forum within 30 minutes. I would recommend it to another student who would like to learn python or any other programming language to use coursera.
I loved the teaching style of Professor Charles Severance!  He did a great job of keeping it engaging while disseminating important basic concepts in programming while focussing on Python specific syntax and best practices in Python.  I'll certainly take more courses taught by Professor Severance.
very Clear Explanation of concept with very very good examples, it's a great starting for me into PYTHON with this type of boosting by Charles Severance pushed me with more enthusiastic in learning. Because of that interest only I'm able to speed up my learning. Once again a Great Thankful to you.
The course is very helpful.It provides me with abundant resource including e-book,teacher's note for lecture and past students' note for the course.Most importantly,the mentors in the discussion forum are really nice.They always solved problems I proposed in time,which makes me feel so encouraged.
Great course for beginners just like me! Prof Severance is explaining very clearly and slowly enough to get into the matter. The book is very good as well. I find the assignments complex enough with the relevant level of difficulty for each week. Definitely am recommending it to all of my friends!
Well organized contents. Great for Python beginners with some experiences of other programming language (like R). The only pity is that some of the functions (like the "raw-input", "print", etc.) are not compatible with the latest versions of Python, so you have to check it out online by yourself.
This course is the Best thing that can happen to anyone who wants to not just learn, but to understand the way in which a computer works. I am very thankful to Coursera, University of Michigan and Prof. Charles Severance for making this course available to everyone. It cant really get any better:)
it was an amazing journey learning it. Especially the way the tutor simplified it so wonderfully that has changed my mindset that "Python is HARD!" This course is literally for everyone and anyone can learn Python from this and trust me if you are a beginner, I was below it! But, now, I enjoy it.
Really appreciated Dr Severance's  efforts in making programme for everybody or else I wouldn't have the courage to take such a course.  It's good to learn some basic concepts on the programming language and most important of all, the key ideas and concepts behind programming.  Thank you so much.
It is good to learn different languages and we are programmers different languages can make our work easy. Coursera learned me to be best, They taught me like they were in front of me and with me.I suggest everyone who wants to learn different languages then checkout Coursera for better learning.
Very Helpful and what an amazing teacher! Wishing my university had teachers like him! Absolutely amazing. This course is great for very beginners who don't know anything about coding or how computers and codes work but it's also pretty great who know about it but might wanna brush off once more.
Unlike any other programming tutorial , this one keeps you engaging in course perfectly.The way Dr.Charles teaches is fascinating. I had a different approach to the basics then one i learned during college education.Don't worry if you are beginner, it's right course for you as name of course says
Being from Civil Engineering background, I had very less programming knowledge. The way Sir explained the course was excellent and his way of teaching was so lucid that I could grasp all his concepts and could pass all MCQ tests with ease. I thank him from the core of my heart for his dedication.
Great online course! Thank you very very much for the course! It's well organized. Charles explains everything in details. It's actually hard to get lost during the class. This course helps me lay down a strong programming foundation. It makes me not to scare programming anymore. Thank you again.
Fantastic introductory course for programming  beginners! Dr.Chuck's videos are easy to understand, with the aid of the textbook,this is an amazing journey through Python so far! Course one is kinda straightforward, but I believe things are definitely gonna be more fun in the next couple courses!
really useful to get hand on python. the examples are great! highly recommend to install the python editor, so that while you are watching the course video, you can play the codes from slides on your own computer. That way, you can get the best out of it! Enjoy learning python, fellow classmates!
good course and great instructor by the way he simple enough but for how have  a programming background little bitbut i encourage everybody to enroll in this course to understand how to get programming classes and it is very important skill for how's intended to teach him self programming at home
From a beginner in all computer programming software, I am absolutely thrilled having started to learn Python. The course material was manageable in terms of time, the professor's videos were clear and the exercises were very helpful. I look forward to starting the next course and getting better.
Very good course for beginners in Python. The instructor gives solid explanations in each of the chapters and it is very easy to follow. Activities are well suited for entry level developers, challenging you to think a little but not to overwhelm you. Excellent to get a solid grasp on the basics.
it was a very good and simplified course, explained in simple english with realtime examples helped to acquire the knowledge quickly. Practise is key which i am trying from internet but if you do have practise material for this course, please send me. i will try all the codes.Dr. Chuck, you rock.
Perhaps not the most appropriate for people with some coding experience but I really wish my first programming classes were half as good as Professor Severance's classes. I strongly recommend them if you are beginner, and even if you're not, they are most fun and allow you to slowly learn Python.
Really liked the course. Prof. Severance explains the concepts in a very engaging way and gives great examples. The assignments were interesting and the tool was easy to use. I enjoyed the bonus examples and interviews as well.  I have a good overview of Python now. Thank you for a great course!
I enjoyed the style of the instructor, he had a good sense of humor and the videos were just the right length. I found the pace to be good. Some worked examples gave too much away I felt, but I guess you don't want people struggling. Great foundation for more Python to come (I hope!). Thank you.
The course is designed in a proper manner to make it an easy one for the learners. You surely won't feel bored and want to finish the course and learn more. The instructor was a pretty good one and presented all the topics in the easiest way possible by also doing fun and never making you bored.
Its a very nice course. It starts from very basic programming concepts and introduces one to the world of Python Programming step by step. I would highly recommend this course to anybody who wants to learn Python. This is a very easy course and you won't find it difficult if you study regularly.
Dr. Charles is really a good teacher, he is patient and humor in class. This indeed reduce all the worry for mastering new program language. I'm approaching to 40 years old, want to open a new career path starting by python. Very glad to study here in this big Coursera family. - From Molly Jiang
This is an amazing course for all the beginners who want to learn python programming. The focus of this course is how to make anyone comfortable with programming language. Thanks  to Dr. chuck and the Coursera team for providing such an important course to students. Keep shining Team coursera...
I started learning python3.x on my own before I found Coursera. This first section was pretty basic. But! By the end of the section I feel like I am thinking differently and understanding better than I used to. Like Snape said, there are things you will learn about the way you approach problems.
It was my first online course experience and absolutely  great one. The course material was really well-organized and even the ones with no or unrelated background could follow up. The  tutor was explaining thoroughly the course material in detail in a exiting way and you don't get bored at all.
I completed this course, spending 4 hours a week on it and found the course difficulty to be medium. This course was helpful for me to gain interest in python and coding too. This course is giving a deep knowledge about how to work with python and coding in the world of IT. I loved this course.
This is a gem of course. Coming from a little bit of coding background it is not a big deal to understand the stuff. But when your younger sibling with not much background can grasp the concept you know you have chosen the right course. Instructor explains all in simplest way in engaging manner
Outstanding course presented and taught in an easy to understand, self-paced, visual learning manner.  Excellent exercises which reinforce the section topics.  Very non-intimidating course.  Great being able to interact with others via forums and to both ask for help and provide help as needed.
I had a great experience while learning this course and Professor Charles R. Severance is a great teacher. I do appreciate his way of teaching, his notes, his narration about a perticular topic. I believe he is one among the best teachers anybody can have in there life to learn from. Thank you.
I would like to thank Charles Sir for his extraordinary efforts put in to teach us the basic python. I'm so glad that i'm able to write the code on my own now.  I'm quite efficient enough to fix the wrong code. Thanks again Sir. Would like to learn and explore more courses with u in future. :-)
This course is really awesome, it really helped me to clarify my doubts related to various topics and i would like to recommend it to everyone who are looking for the beginner course in python. And i would really like to thank you Charles Severance sir, the way he taught everything was amazing.
really great course for getting into programming and python in general.I'm happy that I decided to take it with the specialization offered by University of Michigan at Coursera because Charles Severance - the professor and instructor of the course - has a great teaching style.Kind regards,Sunny
Thanks to Prof. Charles Severance.  His approach on teaching makes things easier to understand, and he helped me gain a better way of seeing the code, and think right.  I am so encouraged to learn more and gain solid skills with following series of this course.Thanks,All the best,Selcuk Ozmumcu
I really like this course and i learned the basics of python programming which  makes me understood the classes ,inheritance and data structures in python .i will likes to thanks DR. Charles Severance , my instructor of the course making me understood the basics and special thanks to COURSERA.
Great course for absolute beginners with zero knowledge on any kind of computer programming languages. The Lectures are explained well and made more understandable by providing real-life examples. The course is also included with special tools to learn practically from what taught in lectures.
it was quite tough as I am not really good at math, but the professor was good so it was really helpful to get through all the obstacles. I think it's still hard to write a code but I can understand a python. it's good for the people who wants to know what is python and how to handle the code.
I really enjoyed this course.  I'm new to programming, so the video tutorials were a big help! I feel as though if I were in a class environment, I would struggle since you're unable to rewind in-person lectures :).I'm looking forward to further developing my knowledge in computer engineering!
Great into course:  The material presented in the lecture videos, combined with the quizzes, and hands-on interaction using your code with the auto-grader really make you think for yourself, reinforcing the concepts, so that you learn and retain the material as you progress through the course.
fantastic, absolutely brilliant from Charles n Coursera. Good stuff  and great learning experience for me as well. All the assignments and explanatory programmes are convincing and the best course for learning and getting started with python.Thank u Coursera. Life becomes easier with coursera.
The course is a great course for beginners. I had no pre-knowledge of Python at all. The only thing you need to do is to follow the instruction of Dr. Severance. Then you will be able to complete the test and homework without any difficulties. I I think I will keep going through all 5 classes.
Python is the best way to start how to understand programming is all about.Now, I can almost write any program through the basis of my knowledge gained from completing my "Programming for Everybody" -  (Getting Started with Python).Thanks to Charles Severance who is the Best Python instructor.
I really love this course. It is more relevant and accurate to the learner. Every notes and pdfs are very easy to access and the lecturing videos and syllabus are made easy to the user especially for beginners and I want to continue to learn in "The coursera" bcoz I am learning concepts here.
The course is fantastic for anyone who wants to learn python. It is focused on beginners and maybe intermediate programmers but I believe anyone can gain something from taking this course. It was simple and easy to understand and helped me understand the python syntax and help me code better.
It was very elaborate and helpful. Some tasks are a bit complicated but if you try enough times with persistence , you will succeed. When the code doesn't run even after multiple attempts; take a break, have some fresh air and try again. The feeling is amazing when you run the code perfectly.
No prior experience in any programming language. Chuck made me taste Python like one of fav daily dish. Chuck, you are a great teacher. If you havent done any coding and you want to learn Python as your first language, this cource is for you. Thanks chuck for what you are doing to this world.
As someone whom has taken programming classes while in university, I found that this class is the most intuitive introduction to programming concepts I have come across thus far. A great refresher for those of us who have not programmed in a while, and an excellent introduction for newcomers.
The course was quite good. I must mention Dr.Charles, or Chuck as we know him, for his excellent teaching skills. He made the video lectures quite fun. His bonus content was quite informative to watch too. Definitely go for it if you are interested in taking a plunge into the world of Python.
It was really great. The explanations were clear, the teaching style was refreshing. It really didnt put too much emphasis on assignments, which was great because it felt less like highschool and more like uni. I would recommend it to everyone who is starting with Python or coding in general.
-Very clear and comprehensive course videos, and those screenshots and videos of specifically how to run those codes are very helpful.-The professor's way of teaching is humor and easy-understanding.-Very basic and fundamental materials for start-up Python learners, so, extremely recommended!
If you want to learn programming and you are afraid that will be so difficult this course will guides you step by step and teaches you from how program works and how it is executed inside computer to write your first programming line and you will be so amazed when you see your big programs !!
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) helped me familiarize with basics of python in less than 8 hours( I have a programming background). The interactive interface along with course materials kept me involved throughout and it was over before i knew it. Dr. Chuck is awesome.
Excellent course to start learning Python or refresh already learned programming concepts. It is well structured and Dr. Severance keeps the course interesting and the student motivated. Will definitely recommend this course to other people and will continue using COURSERA as a learning tool.
This course is definitely designed for someone new to programming and python. I came from a background of programming already, but wanted to know more about Python.  I think the lecture material and the way it was presented was great, and I feel like this course would benefit new programmers.
I cant believe that i just made a simple program by myself Dr Chunk is Great! and of course a big thanks to  The Coursera platform which opened a way for us to learn mostly for the people like me who has willing to learn but cant afford the course fees.I have no more words to express...Thanks
It has been 20 years since I lost touch with programming. I was afraid i would never be able to face the comeback....you know, it was a totally different era....and I thought I could never catch up ever. But  you just got me to falling head over heels in love with programming again.Thank you
it was very good and informative course. I learn a lot of things in this course and I get interested in computer science and analysis. I think programming is really beautiful cause it is base on some very fundamental logics and when you thing vividly through these logics you see beauty of it
I am grateful I took this course. I really thank Charles. The videos are clear and entertaining. The examples are simple and this is particularly important if you are just starting. Otherwise, you may get desperate and disappointed. I can only recommend you take it. You will really enjoy it!
Just amazing start with Python! Learnt not just the syntax and semantics of language but the very essence of why we code and how it should start.  Looking forward to next courses and understand more concepts.Thanks a lot Team at University of Michigan, Coursera and the very special Dr. Chuk!
It was very well detailed and beginner friendly course.Professor Charles Russell Severance didn't assume the student was experienced in coding and created a fun environment and also introduced the python world which was inspiring.If you want to learn about Python i would highly recommend it.
Great foundation to build from if you are new to python. I'm an experienced R user and python is very different than R from a syntax and execution standpoint. This course was very helpful as a "level-setting" for me to focus myself within python and not approach it as an R user doing python.
Firstly i want to say about my instructor, he was just awesome. Every topics he tries to teach easily. I think all of the students  can easily take it.I learn many important things by this course.I am so much happy that i complete my course by time.  I want to say thanks    to coursera team.
It was Fantastic. Dr. Chuck was great.  Anyone can learn this course even if he/she got no programming background or knowledge. As for myself , i started this course from scratch and the best thing i want to tell , now can i make a python program which can be run and say -" I love Coursera!"
Its very helpful who want study Python Language because Instructor taught from scratch level. Content of the course is very good for the beginner. After completing this course, You will get basic idea about python and  You can Enroll for different Python Courses to deep dive into this.Thanks
One of the best course available to learn the basics of Python. The course not just teaches the theoretical aspects but also provides us to experiment the knowledge gained by programming the code for the given problem statements. Professor and the mentors help us a lot throughout the course.
It was really amazing course and I recommend to get start with this course for everybody wanna to get basic knowledge not only in Python but in programing in general.I really enjoy the way of instructor teaching because he makes me feel like every single word is important, so it was great...
One of the best online courses to learn Python. In my humble opinion, “Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python” by Charles Severance, is a fantastic way to learn Python. This online Python course is aiming at beginners. Python is a great and friendly language to use and learn.
Really Good! Professor Chuck is very good at teaching. His lectures have so much fun and every lecture contains exactly enough material that not too much nor too difficult. And it is not too easy that make you feel boring. You need to pay attention and concentrate.  I really like the course.
Great course. Very basic. But well taught and clearly explained concepts. If you are already familiar with programming concepts take a more advanced course. But for anyone needing a boost in confidence, or to pick up programming without feeling intimidated this is a very good course to take.
A fantastic instructor. The course delivers what it says...programming for **everybody** and **getting started** with Python. I liked the gradual way in which topics and concepts were introduced. The exercises were challenging enough to keep me interested and easy enough to solve in the end.
The course is excellent.  It is very well presented to beginners like me and although the homeworks look easy sometimes they are tricky and invite you to make an effort to completely understand  your code. Congratulations to the Proferssor  and  the  Staff for these great job. Thanks a lot.
This was one of the best learning experience I've ever had. Never knew online learning was this much fun. Ass. Prof Charles made learning so much enjoyable. The explanation was pretty simple and to the point. As promised by Ass. Prof. Charles anyone can learn this regardless of his faculty.
As a beginner in programming, i felt this course very entertaining. All the assignments were so good. Also i was able to understand each and every material. I suggest everyone to go through this course as you'll be able to say to someone "yes i know. instead of saying i have heard about it"
I had never taken a programming course earlier. This is my first class programming class. And actually it is a very good and well organized course for a beginner. I had a lot of fun along learning new things. I highly recommend this course for anybody who want to start learning programming.
The video lectures are excellent for somebody with limited programming experience to understand the basics easily. The short videos followed by the exercises keep you motivated you to keep going. Thank you for making the learning process exciting. Looking forward to the subsequent Chapters.
An amazing course for beginners in programing. If you want to get more understanding regarding software programming that is definitely it.The course is too easy for someone who has programming background, not a minus to course at all, just some information to be considered before taking it.
It is excellent, don't forget to take your time, and to read the free textbook. I flew through the weeks and completely forgot about the textbook which would have really reinforced my learning and committed it to my memory, hoping I can remember everything for the next portion of the course
It was great learning experience. Prof Severance is a fantastic teacher, though it's an online class I always felt I was getting an in class experiece. His way of teaching is very engaging and one doesn't feel like skipping a minute of the class also , if someone is eve aware of the basics.
This course is amazing. I didn't study any knowledge of programming before I Join the course. Now, I think I have not only the basic programming knowledge of python but clear logic  . I pretty appreciate DR.Severance that he is such a great professor to teach me a lot programming knowledge.
The course "Programming for Everybody [ with Python ]" is a very good initial start up course who want to learn python from the beginning. After i have completed this course, i have got a level of confidence to program in python and the 5 week dedication has helped me to become much better.
Dr. Chuck is deeply inspiring in the way he makes this course so much more than just some information you could find in a book or internet forum. It's noticeable how he cares for  keeping students interested, motivated and how not only he wants us to learn python, but to learn how to learn.
This course is highly recommended for python beginners . The basic concepts are taught in such a way that you can directly implement after completing the videos .  Problems solving from this course will definitely helped me to gain confidence is python. Wonderful experience with Dr. Chuck.
I love this course.And many many thanks to our instructor Dr. Charles Severance who made this course very engaging and explained every concept in very beautiful and simple way that a begginer can understand in the first time. I think the one who want to learn python must visit this course.
This course is helpful for me to have a basic understanding of Python algorithms and syntax. The instructor did a great job explaining the programming concepts. The professor made the concepts easy to understand and absorb. The course also makes me interested in learning more about Python.
I've taken programming courses in my undergrad and not really ever been very good at it. This course started off assuming you knew nothing about programming (accurate) and built it up in a very logical and accessible way! I now feel confident I could tackle more complex scripts for my job.
The course is really good for beginner -which I'm- I found it to be enjoyable, easy and well delivery. Furthermore it takes you from nothing to a understanding that while basic is deep enough as to allow you to start diving in the Python programming world, it's encouraging and stress free.
So far the best introduction into programming / Python course. The mentor has a really good sense of humor, empathy and exceptional teaching skills. Usually, when taking online classes, I had a feeling of being abandoned at certain point; luckily, this class is a great exception.Thank you.
Although I already had a BS in Computer Science, most of my exprience with Python was hands on supplemented with some Stack Overflow and Google. This course gave an excellent overview of important programming concepts and Python. I highly recommend this to anyone interested in programming.
Very good course, especially for those, who want to start programming and know nothing about it. Dr Chuck is an excellent educator, really engaging with a great sense of humour, so if you're a newbie and interested in learning about Python, surely you won't fall asleep during his lectures.
I never thought I'd enjoy learning how to program! Dr Chuck is engaging and funny in delivering the material. I've done several MOOCs, and Getting Started with Python is by far the most interesting. It has been 7 weeks well spent and I highly recommend it. Onto Python Data Structures next!
It was too easy for me as I have studied some languages in universities but it is great for those who have no programming background. I have just completed the first course in this specialization and would update the review when I hopefully complete the remaining 4 courses. Happy Learning
I have never seen such a clear and seemingly easy explanation of aprogramming language which is step by step and forces you to brain storm yourself to work on problems and build a skill to work and build our own programs. One of the best starts a student would want towards learning Python
Proper explanation, great examples, best materials. I love the way Charles explains everything. It's really easy for beginners to understand python. Happy to be a student of Charles's online class. I wish very best of luck for his tremendous job and I'm eagerly waiting for the next class.
I loved this course.Especially I am your big fan by joining this course in CourseraI decided to complete all your courses.I enjoyed a lot. Right now I completed 2 of your courses in order I hope and the next I can complete with a lot of joy and fun.I am so vicarious of your bonus classes.
I was really having a difficulty in learning python, but DR.Chuck and coursera helped a lot! And I am really thankful to Coursera as they helped a lot with financial aid too! As I will finish the course I will definitely get all the benefits of this course.Thank you coursera and Dr.Chuck.
No words to say, thank you Mr.Chuk because of you my work on bioinformatics completed earlier than I was imagined. Thank you coursera for providing this opportunity. The idea of this course will be helpful even for biologists like me without having no prior knowledge of computer languages
Loved this first course and definitely going to keep it going. Dr. Chuck is awesome its not just the hype. If you're interested in learning python or learning programing but, not sure where to start, this class shed light on some question I was pondering and some that I didn't know I had.
This is a very good course! I learned a lot in a short time, and the assignments were effective in reinforcing the material. I highly recommend this course to anyone who has a history of programming, but hasn't been doing it for a while. I am learning Python very quickly through Coursera!
I really enjoyed this course. Charles has a great personality and the course content is relevant to the assignment tasks. The additional resources (textbook) and review of discussion forum conversations were helpful in being able to work out the solutions for myself with the graded tasks.
This is a great start to Python. I tried learn using the python manuals and i was able to understand the concepts but i got difficulties when i try to create a program. But after taking this course it helped me in how to start and put things one by one. Absolutely greatly designed course.
A great introduction to programming using the Python programming language. Dr. Charles Severance has clear explanations, useful examples, a down-to-earth attitude and a cheerful disposition, which all fuse to make an amazing learning experience. Thank you so much for your time and effort!
This course is a very perfect course for someone who want to start his programming life. As a rookie in computer science, I feel very gainful in this course, I will recommend to my friends this course and finally hope teachers here and students who study together with me have a happy day!
I've struggled mightily in the past with attempts at learning a programming language from the ground up. Dr. Severance really did a fantastic job with his lectures.  The pace is just right for someone who doesn't just start off as a natural.  Looking forward to the next course! Thank you!
The content is awesome and with a great lecturer like Mr. Charles, the course is extraordinary. the university is gifted to have a lecturer like him and its a pleasure to be one of his students. Thanks a lot sir and thank you Coursera for helping out students during these lockdown times.
This course is amazing! It is so fun to start learning a programming language that focuses on implementation rather than syntax. This course is made fun by the Instructor Dr. Charles Severance who uses simple language and effective demonstrations to guide us through the course. Loved it!
Coming from a long break after C++, this was really amazing and informative. The professor does not push information into your face, he explains everything, I mean everything, even how the computer processes your program. I truly recommend this course to anyone living in the 20th century
My major concern before starting this was could I keep up with the workload while working a full time job. The combination of community forums in addition to lectures that allow you to pause, and take notes makes it very easy to keep up! I enjoyed the lecturer and courses use of modules.
Charles Severance teaches the python language from the scratch. He teaches in a comfortable zone and more over he find how to travel the same in the future sessions too. the bridge between each lesson is built perfectly, such that the student can able to get the continuity of the course.
its awesome course .this is my first online course and i had a great experience its fun learning this course and its a new way i had learned its a better way to learn anything anywhere anytime .thank you so much from the bottom of my heart for having such a great experience of learning .
It was a really cool class. The instructor taught very well. The language was easy to understand and it felt like a real classroom. The exercises were helpful and gave me an introductory level heads up in Python. I would love to complete the next 4 courses in this specialization as well.
It completely took away my fear of online courses. The learning and assignments are smooth and well done. The teacher is great and knows how to approach the material so anyone can learn. The only negative is week two always shows incomplete. I wanted it to be all green, but GREAT course.
This course was amazing!  The professor does an excellent job of presenting the material and the mentors are very helpful. Also the course has many useful resources:  video series, ibook text, practice questions, forum , and help center.  I am looking forward to taking the next course!!!
I had some experience with programming from 25 years ago, but I think that the videos, the book chapters, and the mentors that supported the discussions were all fantastic. I would highly recommend the class, and I would highly recommend Coursera in general. Thank you for the opportunity
I have taken a handful of programming classes through my university. This one beats them all. Dr. Chuck explains complex concepts in simple terms that even I, a CS student turned Business student, can understand how to communicate with a computer. All I have to say is: thanks, Dr. Chuck!
I loved this class! It was challenging but didn't take over my life (I have a full time job), and I think I got a good handle on the basics. The professor is really entertaining and is great at teaching. I definitely recommend this to someone trying to get an introduction to programming.
This is the perfect course for someone who has never coded anything before. As someone who was already coming from a CS background even, I found it extremely helpful how the teacher takes their time to explain the most basic concepts so that a student may not be confused between syntax.
A well-curated course, eloquently designed to effectively teach anyone, it is particularly easy to grasp especially among students who have not had any experiencing programming before applying for the course. All of the materials provided for the course are relevant and extremely useful
Very helpful if you just start to learn programming. Dr.chuck is good teacher and lectures are interesting. You will lost in assignments a bit but after you read text book, do exercises from textbook and give some time, it will pass easily. Overall i am quite satisfied with this course.
This course has really created an interest in programming! Its learning process is fun throughout the completion of the course. I  am extremely thankful to Charles severance sir for making it look so easy for the learner irrespective of the background that the learner is coming from. :)
The courses are easy to understand and build up my knowledge in python gradually! It also comes with projects to practice. The practice video provides guidance and was helpful too. If one thing to improve,  it could be better if Dr.Chuck gives more affirmations at the end of the course.
Python is very beginner friendly. Its conciseness, expressiveness and likeliness to English contributes to its choice for rookies. Its readability complements this and also it is an interpreted language. Just have a look at this Python Syntaxtutorial and see it is to be a python person.
Great introduction that got me back into Python programming. I had previously learned to use Python in architecture school, but it had been too long for me to remember much. I'm glad I found this wonderful resource. You're a talented teacher, and I can't wait to take your other courses!
Instructor is very good. If you've got any experience in programming, going through the first class can be a bit tedious, but I found I was able to complete it very quickly with the C++ and Python I knew going into the class and was able to complete the class in a matter of a few hours.
Professor Severance is pretty good at explaining the concept and his lectures were not only clear but fun! He also makes some jokes and lists some examples to help us understand the concept. I feel like I've learned a lot about python and get a good start at learning computer languages!
It's designed keeping Newbies in mind. It takes us through all the possibilities of Python in such a manner that even a person who has never coded before can start coding immediately. It's a must have for all Programming enthusiasts. One of the best courses for MOOC. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
This is the best Online course i have ever had in my life.The session feel more alive and learning is really so fun and all the credits goes to Charles Severance, Associate Professor .I would like to THANK him for the best course and purely suggest everyone who are interested  in Python
Very nice course to learn pythonIt starts from the very beginning and offers a very step by step approach. I had started to learn alone (with books) and i was afraid the course would be for beginners with none experience only, but i will recommend it anyway for "false beginners"thanks !
I love this course, professor is so amazing, since I have enrolled in this course, my day doesn't end without taking a lecture (which is not easy after work). After DASI (Data Analysis & Statistical Inference) course from Duke University, I have found this the best course. Thumbs up !!!
This is an excellent introduction for beginners and there are good explanations by the instructor. I just wish there were more problems or assignments provided for practice. Overall, I recommend this course to anyone with no programming background looking to take a step into that world.
the tutor is really amazing.he never at a moment made me realize that i am learning one of the toughest thing once i thought.it was really an amazing course i have atttended.thank you for making me realize that computer languages and programming is not that much difficult as i thought.
This is an amazing course. Although I am a beginner in programming, and I enjoyed every single video of the course. Homework sometimes could get difficult, but everybody could overcome these difficulties; however, the satisfaction of running a program made by yourself is indescribable.
One of the best online courses I have ever taken. Very easy and descriptive enough to start and finish as a beginner.  The exercises are quite engaging and lets the students do all the brain-storming and also helps the students with the solved answers if needed for the initial lessons.
Oh my god. The professor is the coolest professor on earth. He can connect with students very easily.The course was full of learning with fun. Really helps me a lot. Thanks to Coursera for offering such an wonderful course. This course gives me a jump start  to programming with python.
I have been trying to upskill for sometime now.  Charles is such an awesome instructor, he made learning Python( still in early stages though, but it got me engaged)  like a cake walk. I loved the way he explained things. Looking forward to go deeper and learn Python to gain expertise.
I strongly recommend this course to those peoples who want start with python programming. Because it is starting from very basics. And the way of teaching of Dr. Chuk is awesome. I have cleared all my basics of python programming from this course. Thanks for reading ! Have a nice day !
An excellent course which explains the basics of Python in the best way possible. Thanks to Dr. Charles Severance. Overall gave a very good idea about the python programming language. Thanks to University of Michigan for introducing a course like this with the support of Dr. Severance.
Even though I knew I could count on the teaching staff to get help, Charles Severance is so clear and thorough that I did not even need that help. Sure, I got stuck on one exercise. Sure, my friend pasted my code and successfully run it without making any changes. Life sucks sometimes.
I loved coursera bu this platform i can learn python basic and in future i expand this course.The tutor of the python everybody is good and easy explanation and easy understanding.finally i want to tell thanks for all employe who is work for the coursera thaks a lot thak you very much.
Fantastic course!  It suited for absolute beginners and programming newbies. All concepts are clearly explained, jargon is minimal and defined before being used and practice questions and assignments are a great way to put theory to practice. Overall, a brilliant and well-paced course.
Great course, and great instructions, videos and exercies too.For those that want a bit more training than the quizzes and assignments in the actual course, a wonderful book is available, with great presentation and useful exercises.Great job. I'm signing up for the next one right now.
Professor Charles Severance makes learning the basics of python a very interactive and smooth experience, i had no issues at all while doing the assignments in the course because of how he had explained everything step by step and i could go back to his lessons and correct my mistakes.
This is my first online course outside of the ones that my company has generated. It has been more enjoyable than i expected. I am very please with the format and content so am looking forward to the course.It did get more challenging as I got closure to the end, but that a good thing.
I am a real fan of this MOOC and this is why.I followed many MOOC and always had the impression the people were reading some sort of script. here I have the impression the presenter is talking to me, in my language and in a comprehensible language. Please carry on and high five to you!
Alhumdulilah It was Very best and easy to Understand Course for Almost beginner anyone who have no idea about Programming then they enroll this course and understand the basics like conditional statements,loop,variable,exception handling etc.Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan.
I have loved this course so far. I had a bit of knowledge of coding Python before but this gave a much more solid basis to move on than doing it alone might have. Dr Chuck is a really good teacher and I would definitely advise taking this course and any others that he may be teaching.
Thank you very much for this course! I have learnt a lot. It's an excellent course, and I really appreciate Dr. Chuck's efforts and interesting teaching methods which make learning programming easy and fun. Thank you Dr. Chuck and the team behind this course and wish you the best!Amir
This is really wonderful course whose who want to start their career in Python.That gives me a  lot of knowledge and inspiration to learn a lot in the field of programming and Python.Thank you Mr. Charles Severance  to make me understandable in the course by their teaching techniques.
Awesomely constructed course for beginning Python programming. As a programmer in C++, I found this course refreshing and helpful in getting into the syntax. Most of the ideas are the same across from Python and C++, so I was able to finish it in 3 days. Overall great course! Go Blue!
This was a great course but i have one big problem that encountered me Dr Chuck reads the code from power point sheets and even if there was a worked example he is only read the code and run yes he explain it but i need to learn how and why i write this code not just see it and run it
The course was well structured, materials and instruction videos were clear and to the point and Prof. Chuk, course instructor was very hands-on with relevant and easy to understand code samples that helped drive home the point on every course. I highly recommend python for everybody.
The pace for every class was a little bit fast for real beginners and the instructor did not explain every details on the slides. Sometimes you need to find definitions and explanations for the content on your own. But overall a great class for beginners if you have time and patience.
Great course. Even as a college instructor myself, I found the course entertaining and useful. Even from a pedagogical standpoint, I took away a few tricks, and also learned some of the nuances of Python that are substantially or sometimes just slightly different from other languages.
A good introductory course.  Quite 'easy' but an excellent primer for what comes later.  Giving 5 stars as could run lectures at 1.5 speed / pause at appropriate times.  Most importantly I did not need to conform to the advised weeks and could just do at own pace.  So very convenient.
My first online course that I completed. I dedicate this accomplishment to Dr. Severance. I looks him as Prof. Snip of Harry Potter who teaches us the language of snake. He is one of the best professor I met. Anyone who is new in programming I would recommend this course very likely.
Very helpful course for people who recently started in the Python and programming world. Thank you very match to Dr Chuck. GREAT teacher. And thank you to Michigan University. I will try to achieve the 5 cours of the specialization.  

Thank you for offering such good quality courses
Very entertaining. Classical way of teaching. I like it very much. And "Thank You Coursera" for sponsoring it to me. I would like to learn more if get financial assistance. I hope Coursera will allow me to learn and upgrade my abilities with best of knowledge they had. Thank you ALL.
great content ! great teaching style ! I like the way the teaching staff has a flow of contents one after the another.just one feedback, w can increase the number of problems in the assignment which will give us a better grasp of the learned concepts and help us further in the course
For someone who never got in contact with programming I think you pass fast by the contente, but you have all you need in here, you just need to pay more attention to the class and do a lot of exercises. For me it was a great review of basics and particularities of python and syntax.
The best online course I've taken so far!  The instructor does an amazing job of breaking down the basic principles of Python in an easy to understand way!  The forum mentors do a great job if you're stuck as well!  Finally, the course assignments and auto-grade tools were fantastic!
This course is pretty well taught. As one may infer from its name, is an introduction to the Python language. The professor gives clear examples for all the key concepts he presentes. I would totally recommend this course for anyone who doesn't have prior expirience with programming.
The course has been designed holistically to allow even a beginner to understand each of the concept slowly and gradually and build upon the skills to write practical codes. I thank University of Michigan and Dr. Severance for providing this course and Coursera for making this happen
This course is great!!! It's my first time to learn a computing language online, although I've worked in IT industry for 3 years. LOL  I guess today all people need to pick up programme languages and PYTHON is super easy for beginners. Hope to meet Charles in Melbourne in the future!
Thank you Dr. Chuck!It was very rewarding to participate in this foundational course. It gave me the confidence in programming which I lacked before entering this course. Short-to-the point, easily understandable, and challenging assignments, this is what I can say about this course.
I am really happy that I took this course. The professor Charles Severance is an excellent teacher who teaches with such simplicity and positive attitude that we tend to study further. I finished the course 5 week course in less than 5 days because of the interesting pedagogy. Thanks
Fantastic course, Well structured and to the point and informative. I didnt know anything about python before this course, now i have a full grasp of how powerful python can be and i have an understanding of the language. Thank you for putting in the time and effort into this course.
Very great for someone with no programming experience. Could consider making a course specially for people who have programming skills but wish to learn python. So possibly a course on teaching us the syntax and perhaps the frequently used key words or operators but in python syntax.
i have seen a issue with the code checking thing ,everyone has there own style of writing the code , so when someone writes the code and if the code is using all the concepts asked in the question , logically sounds good and output is produced , he should be awarded with the grade .
I studied python earlier also but nobody taught it better.I am a poor student from India and i was not having the money to complete the course but i am happy that coursera provided me this course for free.I will keep learning from coursera.Thanks coursera teamRegards Varrnit Jaiswal
Excellent approach to explain concepts...liked the example of the note on dog to explain the reserved word in python and the approach used to explain how the mind works to identify the greatest number by popping up one number at a time on the screen. Had a great learning experience.
This Course is what you
need if you don’t know nothing about programming, the Dr Severance will take on
the way of the programming in an easy, interesting and entertained way,
besides, at the end of every week are some perfect resources to motivate you to
keep studying and learning.
This is great start point to learn programming for everyone who is interested, not necessarily who is good at programing. This is excellent course which help us understand step by step and do the  given work simultaneously.  And special thanks to Dr. Chuck, he is the best educator!.
I believe this course does well what it intends to be (a class for absolute beginners). Somewhat unfortunately, I am NOT a beginner, but I believe that this class would have been perfect to take when I was a beginner. Further, the instructor is marvelous at teaching an online class.
Overall, a great introduction for newbys like myself. The lecturer/professor knows what he's doing and that's what important factor is. You just can't rush towards something because you want master, it takes time and needs patience; I am sure Chuck knows all these and hence 5 stars.
This is one of the finest courses for people who want to get started with python. The resources available here are abundant to review, learn and attempt the assignments . Besides, Dr.chuck(instructor) simplifies the complex concepts in a way that a novice can understand programming.
This course is a good introductory course for people who wants to learn programming. It provides a simple and easy to catch explanations for basic programming concepts. Also provides a lot of interesting additional videos to easily help people join to the computer science community.
Course 1 is accessible for most people, even those without any basic Python knowledge. I had been studied social science for almost 6 years but I feel comfortable when I took this course. I would like to thank Dr. Chunk for making this Python course understandable and  acceptable :)
I have always attempted to learn Python in bits and pieces, But after opting this course, it was all systematic. Dr. Chuck is so easy and do understand what the student must be thinking. I loved the course and now my confidence level In Python has increased to 1 level. Thanks again.
It was very interesting and very informative course, and I've really enjoyed studying it. I am very satisfied both with the presented information and manner of its presentation and looking for the continuation of study. Thanks to everyone who are responsible for this beautiful work.
This course is well-paced and the instructor is engaging. It's clear if you don't have any experience with programming, but not insanely boring if you already do have some. It's also well structured. The order of the weekly topics is logical and leads well from one week to the next.
before this class i knew nearly nothing about python and programming. after taking the course i have learned a lot - of course the very basics. the teaching method was great and fun and loved Dr. Severance's teaching method. Dr. Severance, thank you very much for the amazing course
I enjoyed the course very much.  One interesting section I observed here is the bonus videos in every week. the office hours chats, interviews of different tech personalities. Recommendation and Provision of book for self detailed study  was just awesome stuff.Really Really Good!!!
The course was an excellent introduction to Python. I had learned Python once 10 years ago, but need to learn it again for graduate school. The concepts were presented in a logical, engaging, and straightforward manner. I was motivated to continue with the course series at the end.
An extremely helpful course for programmers with existing knowledge who are just looking to learn the structures in Python. The classes are perfect for beginners too! Everything is taught from the ground up so that people who are completely new to programming can also learn easily.
My Heartily Thanks and Compliments to the Coursera Team and my Teacher Doc. Chuck who invoke me to learn more n more day by day and make me stand from beginner to a Level where I can understand what the Python is. Thank you so much to all and pray for everything best in your lives.
Great course for those wanting to get into python.  If you are already a programmer, you probably will want something more intensive.  As someone who last took a programming course 25+ years ago this was a perfect re-introduction to the field and most specifically to python syntax.
This is best course I ever took and I took many of them. Prof. Charles Severance is best teacher I ever had including real life :) And trainings are really challenging which makes successes more delicious :)Thanks everybody who worked in this project. I am looking for next courses.
Really enjoyed this course. A great source for beginners. The instructor is very clear and easily understandable. His method is also very engrossing, which is a great thing because sometimes programming courses are so so much filled with jargon, that they get boring. 5 stars!!!! :D
Glad I had someone to tell me about this. I was trying to learn just by reading and was not getting it at all. This course is awesome. I am actually just a business major with no programming background at all. I am very excited to continue to the other courses! Thank you very much!
Great course for beginners. I am a student of Electrical Engineering and had no previous hands on experience of Python. This course is very basic and Dr. Charles is an awesome teacher, the way he explains, he is also humorous and makes sure that you don't feel bored in any video..!
Thought I reviewed already. Is a great introductory class to not just python, but programming in general. I highly recommend this course for beginner programmers. Intermediate and advance users who have to take this for the specialization should just do the quizzes and assignments.
I really love this course and Dr. Chuck who makes those new concepts very easy and funny to grasp. I am looking forward to seek new opportunity for my career by studying python through some courses provided by coursera. And I find this course a really good introduction to python 3.
This was an excellent opening to the later, more advanced classes. The instructor is very good at presenting the material in an easy-to-understand style and the advancements are in just the right incremental level to give a student a good feeling of accomplishment and satisfaction.
Awesome course, I can not believe few weeks back I could not write a single statement in programming and now I can do basic things in programming, very well made course and it's content. Chuck is gem and his way of teaching is awesome. I really want to thank him. Thanks a lot team.
The instructor was so good. He is really a good interpreter. When he visits different countries to meet his students, it looks nice. I wish I could meet him if he ever comes to Bangladesh. In a word, it was fun to do the course. I learned a lot and planning to continue the course.
An excellent course for beginners as well as for people coming from other programming backgrounds. The tutorials are extremely beginner-friendly and a great way for people from other programming backgrounds to learn the syntax and changes needed to adapt to the python environment.
This course is interesting and it really enhances my interest in field of programming specially in Python language.

It shows us that programming is for everybody not only for the professional programmers and python is such an easy language so anyone can do programming using this.
This course explained the basics of programming really well! I have already taken a java course(AP computer science) so other than the python syntax, it was all review. However, he really explained all the content in a completely understandable matter so this course was excellent.
This course attended bt Dr. Chuck is very useful and easy going. The docent explain all kind of algorithm quite detailed but still very easy for us freshman to comprehend. I really recommend this course to who are interest to start his\her PYTHON3 learning with a fantastic course.
Great introduction to Python programming language. Self-paced course with videos/classes that cover broadly the contents needed to perform the required exercises/assignments. The course book also provides extra material and consists of a solid reference manual for Python learners.
Course is very well structured, I really liked the way Dr.chuck is explaining, The exercises at the end of each week helped me a lot to actually implement what i have learned and some of the exercise seems to be a little complex, and yes this course is 'Programming for Everybody'.
A very well thought out and planned coursework with emphasis on general programming logic. I would like to congratulate Professor Charles on his contributions as a teacher. I really liked the flow of the program. Looking forward to more such topics !! Thanks a lot :))Rohit Pandita
The course is good despite some troubles in solving the problem.  I wish the course coordinator providing some downloadable  PDF lecture notes for student reference so that we can catch up the course without having to re-watch the video,  in case internet connection gets cut off.
I loved the content and helped me a great deal to finally be able to program without crashing my computer with infinite loops. I'll definitely take the specialization on programming and data analysis.Professor Charles Severance is the best, i hope i can be as good as him one day.
The course has been explained beautifully and it is easy to maintain attention in the lectures as Professor Severance knows how to keep students focused by cracking random jokes in between. I am thankful for this course and looking forward to starting the next course in the bunch
This is a great course! Although I had learnt python when I was an undergraduate geology student, now I could learn a lot of concepts and details about programming that I did not know.Congratulations Mr. Charles Severance, your passion and dedication made this course a great one!
Suitable for the first time learner of Python, even with someone who doesn't have any programming background. After I passed the test 5.2, I don't realize I have finished all the courses and gained my certificate! I will continue on further advanced classes of Python on Coursera.
The course is very nice for beginners with no prior experience or knowledge. The course also has lot of valuable information and stuff to learn from that I haven't found in usual internet sites. The course and videos are awesome and are best in teaching the concepts with clarity.
Excellent Course! The Instructor is super fun and super easy to understand. Everything was explained from the very basics. His teaching style is excellent and you would feel like you are sitting in a classroom with him. To summarise, this course truly lived up to my expectation.
I have to say "python for everybody" is a course with full of understanding. I learnt a lot form this course. I'll learn more from coursera in future. Dr. chuck was fab and there hand movements are just amazing.thanks for this courses and wish to have more and more. okay BYE :))
Dr Chuck is a brilliant teacher! He is very simple, humble and a wonderful sense of humour. I am thankful to Dr Charles and Coursera for making this easy and joyful to learn. The course also boosted my confidence in learning a programming language, so extra star for this course.
As a computer Science student i am learning many languages, this course helped me a lot and cleared all my doubts. I would strongly recommend this course for those who are willing to study python from basics. Also, it was a great journey with professor Charles Russell Severance.
I really enjoyed it! I'm quite new to this, but I had no problem understanding the content whatsoever. It took me some time to complete the assignment, but you have to be patient and keep in mind that you might mess it up 10 times before you get it right, and that's programming!
I think this python course is very helpful for me which taught me basics about python scripting. Indeed, I am a Environmental Science student and working knowledge of python is very important in this field. Overall, I am very thankful for providing financial aid for this course.
I really really love this course! This is my first time get in touch with computer related course. I thought I would be difficult and tough for me. But actually I found programming and python language really interesting! Thanks to this course a lot, and thanks to coursera a lot!
This is a great introduction to the Python programming language! You really don't need to know anything about computers or math to get through the course. Just get started, spend some time with it, and the end will come before you know it! I definitely enjoyed taking this class.
After this first course of five you will definitely have an understanding of what python is and how to utilize the language to begin interacting with it. Coming from zero knowledge prior to the course I feel confident enough to move forward and begin learning different concepts.
I've tried to learn programming through books and college courses. Unsurprisingly, all it takes me to get interested is to GOOD TEACHER. Dr. Chuck is a better instructor than I could've ever imagined for this course. I'm looking forward to these next parts of the specialization.
Great! I work at a tech company in a non-technical role. This course supplemented my knowledge that I've learned through osmosis; now I'm saying more of the technical terms when I'm speaking to my co-workers. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to level up their basics.
Thanks for the teacher's great instruction, I missed the first time to catch up the pace, but this second time try was finally completed.It's quite interactive, feels like I'm sitting in the same room with the instructor, thanks greatly again and wish to learn more lessons soon.
I am really thankful to this course. The way it is created i never lost my interest in study & it was easy to understand. I tried learning python few times before from the several PDFs available online & lost interest within few hours. Thank you Charles for those lecture videos.
I already tried different courses on Python and they all were not really good or were tending in a direction that is not interesting for me. In this course it is not like that: I found it to be very informing and well structured. I learned a lot and will keep on learning Python!
Great course, made python learning challenging, but absolutely not terrifying. The assignments I felt were enough, nd look forward to trying out the capstone project when i have the available funds. Thank you so much Charles Severance for the intuitive and fun lectures and book.
Course was great Because the instructor was awesome. Dr. Chuck is just awesome and he taught everything very clearly and the great thing is that he assumed that everyone is a newbie. He explained everything in a simple manner and it gives you a strong foundation for programming
I loved it. The style of the instructor impressed me. For Beginner it is a superb course. For a guy who knows some about programmings (basically, have idea about another language, attempting python as a new language) it is best. I recommend this for an easy and effective start.
Dr. Chuck really made my first introduction to programming with Python enjoyable! The online format was great and provided the flexibility I needed. I would encourage anyone to take this course through Coursera who is looking to learn the foundations of programming with Python,
I had a rudimentary knowledge in coding before i started this course. but i must say the way the material is organized and how the quizzes are set is of nearly perfect difficulty level where you dont feel intimidated by the challenge of coding and don't find it too easy either.
This Course is really Great and I enjoyed it very much.Thanks to Walchand Institute of Technology Who sponsored this course to me and I personally recommend this course for those who really want to learn python from Begining.Thanks to Coursera and University Of Michigan....!!!!
I never thought Python Programming would be that easy for beginners. And I like each and every seminar given by Dr.Chunk, the quiz's and program's given for us to solve made me happy and attentive all the time. Thank you Programming for Everybody for this wonderful opportunity.
Dr. Chuck is really an interesting and erudite teacher, who totally impressed me that learning a new programming language can be so great and delightful. Hope I can keep digging until I am capable of more advanced skills. Can't wait to attend more classes of Dr. Chuck. Go blue!
A very insightful course especially for ones with little to no background of Python or any programming language! Also, credits to Dr.C.Severance who kept the sessions very lively and the general learning environment light and positive without compromising on quality of content!
Excellent course. I've had minimal exposure with Python up to this point, but this class has made me familiar enough that I can read basic programs and code as well. Of course I would not say that I am an expert programmer, but I am certainly on my way towards being proficient.
This course was very clear and easy to follow. The teacher's humor and enthusiasm made taking this course an incredibly enjoyable experience. Coming from no previous programming experience, I believe this course helped me gain a very clear understanding of the basics of python.
This course was really helpful for me as i was not knowing a single word of python.This course help us to lear from basic I have control flow of Language , conditional operators , functions and many things in this course and eagerly waiting for next course of my speacialization
Very help explanationa and metaphor for illustrate how a bunch of codes are excuate.When I first started to read a python book to learn  things, it was difficult for me to understand how the code runs. Flowchart and real person explantation help me to understand the sequenceso.
Fantastic course! This fit nicely with my work life balance as a full time engineer. Dr. Severance taught at a pace which kept me engaged while still providing pertinent information. I anticipate the curriculum taught in this specialization will mirror solutions to real issues.
The material is well packaged and presented for learners with no prior coding knowledge or experience.  The instructor has a pleasant, positive demeanor - he speaks clearly and concisely using vocabulary and concepts that can reach a wide audience effectively.  Would recommend!
It's total a beginning course. Don't be afraid of can't understand. It's pretty easy and interesting. Professor Charles is very nice and teaches in detail. Quiz and homework are really helpful. I believe everyone can enjoy this course and want to go through the next process lol
This is a must take course for those who just started Python or who are at the basic-mid level. The instructor knows how to make the course interesting and easy. But make sure to complete the whole specialization along with reading the book (python for informatics) in parallel.
I highly enjoyed this course.  The workload was just enough to keep me busy but short enough that I could work around my busy schedule.Being a novice, I learned quite a bit and has made programming and Python much less intimidating.  I think i'm ready to tackle the next course.
i had  always a fear to learn any language. The way of teaching is too good. I have got rid of that fear. Very excited yo learn more and more in order to groom my skills as well as advance my carrier. Thanks Coursera  and also the Professor Charles Severance, you are amazing!!
Really great professor! He explained everything thoughtfully and slowly. I knew literally nothing about computers and programming before this course and he managed to develop in me a deep appreciation and passion for the subject. Thank you so much, Professor Charles Severance!
Instructor wins you over. He is engaging and very livelyBasic concepts taught very well.
The bonus material engages you to explore more than just leaning the course.
Overall it's very good for getting basic knowledge and also to develop curiosity about the world of programming
Amazing course! The teacher is funny, easy to understand and I enjoyed the bonus materials at the end. You really feel like you are a part of a class then on your own.  As a newbie with no background in math or computers, it was a perfect fit! Excited to start the next course!
excellent teaching . examples, exercises, quizzes and assignments were apt and facilitated conceptual clarity and reinforced understanding. course content, in general and teaching/instruction, in particular, by Mr.Charles Severance, will make anybody 'get started' with python.
Excellent course, excellent teacher. This has not been the first course I've done online, but if the first one I've completed, this is due to the well-developed program of the course and to the good pedagogy of Charles Severance. Thank you Coursera, thank you Charles Severance
My first ever programming course! Started out easy and became very challenging towards the end. I have learned a great deal and can't wait to start experimenting with the knowledge I've gained. Dr Chuck is an amazing teacher!! Looking forward to the rest of the specialization!
This is an excellent course for a beginner. I walked in with very minimal previous experience with coding and was able to keep up with the class. The teacher is really good at explaining the very basics of python which is good for a new learner. I highly recommend this course.
As the name suggest " Programming for Everybody "  is best available online course for non - programmer.If you are non programmer & want to learn Python then this is the must course for you.Content & course material is of great help for someone who is starting with programming
For beginners this course is very helpful. From very basic they have tried to teach you about python programming. If you are making your first step in python ,then i think this course is very helpful. Specially,the pdf provided with this course "Python for Everybody".Thanku!!
A really good professor good explanation for person who does have a little knowledge of programming language. (I am a chemical engineer who have't taken a single class or knowledge before)  really good for beginner as title suggest "for everybody" yes it is !!!Thanks Dr Chuck
It's just the right course for someone who wants to know about the basics of programming and python. I would surely recommend everyone to once go through the course as it would be fun to watch videos and complete the assignments which would add to your knowledge about python.
Excellent - The first time I have really understood elements that so many other courses assume you are already aware of - even down to indenting. The programming I usually do has no indenting structures at all - I could never understand Python as a result - now I (almost) do!
The course was great overall, it covers all the fundamentals. It is ideal for everyone who wants to learn to code, irrespective of their professional or educational background. The week 7 external graded test was what I found a little vague otherwise, it's a beautiful course.
This is a perfect course for beginning computer programming. No prior skills are required other than basic mathematical knowledge. It's fairly cheap and the work load is light so there is no stress! I highly recommend this course to anybody interested in computer programming.
Dr.Charles did a great job and explaining things in a simple and comprehensive manner, I almost thought this course is a little 'too easy', all thanks to our teacher and this course will pave the way for many students like me into careers of programming and computer sciences.
The course is perfect with it's logic flow (from easy to more difficult, but trust me, you can definitely handle with it), contents and assignments, you can feel your skill on programming is really strengthened little by little, and that gives you a real sense of achievement!
Dr. Severance is amazing. He breaks down concepts in such a simple and straight forward manner. He is also entertaining. He has done an amazing job for making this course accessible to anyone. It is all about logic. I am going to continue to take his other courses! Thank you!
Dr. Chuck has that gift of bringing complex ideas down to a level that is understandable to everyday people, sprinkled with humor. Truly, this course is about programming for everybody. A course that has been designed to jumpstart and boost your confidence toward programming.
It's perfect for what it set out to do: give a light introduction to programming and python.  I should point out.  The assignments were clear enough that, having a programming background, I could learn the basic idioms of python in maybe two hours of total work on the course.
Awesome course, it covers the basics in very dynamic and easy to digest sessions. If you have previous programming experience you will still enjoy this course; if your don't, this is the right course for you to start dipping your toes into the world of programming..... enjoy.
This is a very good learning series for python beginners. The course has been designed beautifully in a way to keep you interested throughout its span. the quiz and the assignments are both simple and at the same time enough to provide a brief revision for the entire lecture.
This was an excellent course that was highly effective in introducing the basics of the Python language and computer programming. It breaks down concepts into very manageable pieces, and progresses gradually in difficulty.  Very excited about continuing on to the next course!
The perfect introduction. I have learned programming before but now wish when I learned that it was explained as clearly as this!! Charles Severance's enthusiasm for teaching this topic is incredible and makes taking on a new challenge extremely palatable. Great Job, Charles!
Dr. Chuck is "THE BEST PROFESSOR EVER", the way he explains things is just insane, he has cracked a way to say things which directly feeds in our brains and stays there. Amazing course, really enjoyed the first course, looking forward to completing the entire specialization.
I would like to thank Professor Severance for this wonderful Coursera course. I have learned a lot. I learned quite fast even though I have no background in programming because each lesson is well explained and taught. Looking forward to taking other Coursera courses by you.
Dr. Chuck uses Mac as a tool to edit and the form is a bit different from windows',and I had some trouble right after downloaded python like I don't know where to active the file, how Atom work with python. It took me a few hours to figure out and after that it was all fine.
Starting this course is one of the beautiful things I've ever done in my life. The Simplicity and Practicality of this course cannot be overemphasized. Thanks to the Tutor, his patience is really appreciated. Planning on getting started with python? This is your best choice.
This is a very good course for the people who are new to programming and want to start off with Python. The teacher is very good and sure seems to be at the top of his field. The assignments may feel tough at the beginning but you will surely figure them out in a short time.
Moreover, It is offered by the University of Michigan and you got their stamp on certificate.
You can share your Course Certificates in the Certifications section of your LinkedIn profile, on printed resumes, CVs, or other documents, It increases your Job Opportunity by 30%.
Its really a great opportunity for me to get this scholarship and I am taking full advantage now I can understand Python better than ever. I liked to get help and reach my goals turning every milestone coming in front of me.Thank You  CourseraThank You University of Michigan
Excellent course with an excellent approach to teaching the fundamentals of writing programs with Python. I can see the skills I picked up in this course being generally useful towards any language or programming paradigm.  Thank you Dr. Chuck!  I'm totally buying your book.
I learnt how to write c, c++, VB and VBA and the most part of this course looks familiar to me. However, still this course is very good and friendly for beginners. Also, refreshing the very fundamental knowledge of programs palys a crucial role to my programming career also.
This course starts out very well with extensive background information about the instructor, his history and books that he has written and explanations about computers, peripherals and software. This is all laid out so that the information is easily digestible by the layman.
Have a good experience .Long time i didn't work with any programming language ,So i decided to make some refreshments and also , I want a little knowledge that can help me to use this language and to improve my skills and proficients such  as a data analyst or data scientist
Before taking this course, I've never tried any coding and I don't even know if I'll be able to continue this. However, the teaching style of Charles Severance is fun and interesting, I do like and enjoy the new field and learn a lot from the course. Good job! Mr. Severance!
I have absolutely no programming experience, with minor reading I was able to write a few perl and shell scripts. But python, I have never even wrote a hello world program, the course was simple and straight forward, I enjoyed every piece of the material and the assignments.
If you're new to programming I strongly recommend this course. The recommended pace is perfect for beginners, but you're free to go ahead. Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher, he really wants you to understand the concepts and gives you enough motivation to complete this course.
Really good course, even for those who already have a programming background.This course teaches programming basics, quick and easy.I completed the course within 2 weeks, and I had learned a lot.I truly enjoyed watching the "Bonus videos" - really interesting and motivating.
This course is very useful for those who want to start learning programming. This course will help you get a basic idea of how to start your career with simple programs.  I recommend  this course for everyone.  I am sure that you will regret if you won't choose this course.
if you are an absolute beginner as me, please take this course. I completed the course in 2 weeks because is very easy to follow and to digest. The instructor is clear and the examples are explained from scratch. I have enrolled for the next course with the same instructor!
I already knew a bit of Python, but I was also missing a lot (standard issue for people who are self-taught). While I already had most of the basics, I got a lot from the lesson about loops and the None keyword (and, more importantly, about how they're supposed to be used).
Charles r severance , a excellent instructor i have ever met! He split the whole thing in such a way that a beginner can easily catch up the topic . The whole course was so interactive and fun to learn . Also the bonus videos are so inspiring. I enjoyed  the whole session:)
Perfect course that I was looking for, completely dedicated for beginners. Everything, the pace, the method, the instructors enthusiasm, engaging content,assignments, met my expectations. I will recommend this course to every learner who has a strong desire to learn Python.
The course is useful for the beginners and the lectures are nice and it is easy to understand.As the title suggests "programming for everybody ",every one can easily understand basics of programming by this course.It will be very helpful who want to start their programming.
This was a very informative course. I was able to learn the basics of python easily because the instructor was so good. I appreciate how the instructor explained every chapter as if if he was in our minds, therefore all the concepts would automatically become crystal clear.
This is a great course for learning the basics of programming with Python in a comprehensive manner. Emphasis is being laid on some fundamental programming logic, and nuances with the syntax is also explored to a satisfactory level. This is highly recommended for beginners.
I really appreciate the way coursera helping student to improve there programming skill. Thank you very much for this great course. I am ready to continue python courses more to became an expert. I have already advertise about this to my friend and will continue to do that.
this course is too good. I have trying to do so many other online courses online but never succeeded in completing as I never feel connected. but I really appreciate the efforts of prof. Chuck, he is incredible in his way of teaching.It's fun. I will keep learning.Thank you
Great course for beginners!  Though the work was simple, I still found the material to be quite useful in helping me understand the code a bit better.  The professor was very clear for all the topics, making Python so much easier to learn than I would have thought possible!
Frist I really want to thank Coursera and University of Michigan for giving me the chance to learn this course with financial aid. This course is absolutely amazing and Dr. Charles is very nice. I really enjoy the process. Just hoping have more opportunities to learn more.
This course is very good for beginners as it goes through the basics. The quizzes and assignments give you good command over the basics. I also belong to the non- programming background, but this course gave me such confidence to go through the rest of the related courses.
If you are thinking of studying Python, this course is perfect match. The content is not so difficult to understand and the length is suitable for people whose time is constraint. Also, the question and programming quizs at  the end of each chapter is useful for reviewing.
It helps me learn the basic things from the python programming language. I was very confused at first which language should we learn at first and which one is comparatively easy. Now after taking this course I can say that Python is way better easy than any other language.
one of the best course from one of the best lecturers of all time after this course i have been  motivated to attend all of Dr.Chucks classes and by attending this course I badly wanna graduate in University of Michigan and would feel extremely previlaged  to meet Dr.CHUCK
I had a great experience in learning Python for Everybody. The course can be taken by someone who is a bit interested in learning a programming language without having any prior knowledge of programming. This course gives you the complete gist on how a programming is done.
For a beginner in programming this course provides basic information. It makes the task of learning a new skill simple and easy. For experienced IT professionals, who know other programming languages, this course is too easy and they can finish the course in a week or two.
The Most Excellent professor Ever!!! He's so interesting and teach me Python in a easy-to-accept way. He could always use metaphor to describe something not so familiar with us novice and my favorite is the one of listening to music in Chapter 1. What an attractive course!
Please Make the code test more accurate , like we write our code and you can automatically test it using pre-stored samples' list of different inputs .in case the code passes all the sample tests then that the code is 100% correct .Thank you very much for this great COURSE
As a virtual beginner in computer programming, I found this course very useful.  The course covers important common programming concepts and Python syntax.  If I were someone who already knew another programming language well, I suspect this course would be too elementary.
The course was very basic and really good for those who are totally beginner I am not the good candidate for the course since I am working with JAVA from last 3 years since everything is very easy for me as such this course is really good but I am not a good one to review.
This course by Prof. Dr.Charles Severance from University of Michigan is very good for people who wanted to start with Python. His teaching skill is genuinely good. He teaches how python works internally which helps us understand more and remember better. Thanks, Aravind R
Very nice course. It was a little bit too simple for me personally, as I had some programming background already, but I believe, the way things were explained throughout the course was really helpful. In my opinion, the course is very valuable for the beginners. Thank you!
Excellent programming introduction to everyone. Very detailed lectures and readings. It builds from the basics and gradually introduce more complex situations, leaving no sense of big confussion compared to other courses I've taken. Thanks Dr. Chuck and thanks to Coursera.
Dr. Severance is such a wonderful teacher! I had never done programming before, he built the course so well. Easy in the beginning and challenging at the end. Just the right amount of difficulty to keep going. It was a joy completing this course. Look forward to the next.
I hope that the "Python for Everyone tool" gets upgraded so we can have mor hints about the type of error we are getting.  I spent 3 trying to solve my code, but the problem was a misspelling in the output.Anyways, I had a great time.  See you in next chapter.  Thank you.
Its a great course especially if you are from a non programming background. The course starts from extreme basics to intermediate level. If you are already familiar with any other programming language, you might feel the course is slow but eventually you will learn python
Its a very easy course for a beginner who has zero knowledge in programming; The professor and the tutors online is amazing.  You would definitely need to keep on learning with future classes from this series of Python specialisation courses to build your skills in depth!
One of the best courses to start learning to program. I have tried many times to learn to program but the material or teaching method didn't allow me to complete. But this course was complete in all regards and also it keeps one's interest in programming languages intact.
It was a great experience to learn from such a prestigious university through coursera, thank you, it was my first experience in online learning, it was best for me so I'll definitely recommend beginners to take this course and have great knowledge and learning experience
The course is amazing and what makes it the best is the instructor, the instructor knows very well how to transfer the information to beginners in programming and explain everything in a fun, patient way. if you want to start learning python this is a good course for you.
Really enjoyed it. I've messed around with some python code before but knew i needed to take a course for some basic understanding. The lectures were great, and assignments were just as great. Would highly recommend for anyone looking to begin their Python coding journey!
The course is very good at giving you explanations of how the different statements work and haves some good assignments to test your understanding of new coding functions you learn throughout the course. highly recommended if you want to get started with python and coding
Its a very well taught course that covers all the basics and teaches not only how to write basic code but why it is done that way, learning this course has opened a world full of possibilities for me , I cannot thank coursera and professor Charles enough for his teachings
I have previous education in programming.  This was a good refresher to start programming with again, especially Python - a language I'm new to.  I just wish the interactive Python assignment submission tool would accept both Python 2 and 3.  Otherwise, it's pretty great!
This class was a perfect beginner introduction to python. The instruction videos make sense and fully explore each aspect of the lesson. The coding assignments are straight forward and provide multiple avenues for requesting help if needed. I highly recommend this class.
I enjoyed every video. Thank you so much for sharing all the tricky parts and explaining them clearly. Now I feel comfortable with python programming. I also want to thank you for giving me a chance to enrol the course. I'm very much interested in taking the next course.
It was a really  helpful course for me . It not only cleared my doubts regarding programming and its objectives , but , It also improved my programming skills and  my knowledge of python . Regular Quizes and Assignments helped me a lot in improving my coding skills too .
One of the best course for a beginner. This course teaches you python in the most simplest way and Dr.Charles Severance is the finest teacher I have ever had. If you are a beginner then this course is for you. Go ahead and you will develop a deep interest in programming.
It's really great experience to take part in this class, which is exactly as it said, "for everybody". This is my first time getting to know Python, but it's more interesting than I think before. Professor Charles makes this course full of fun. I love his teaching style.
Exemplary content for beginners and for those who want to get precise and to the point knowledge about Python.... A big thanks to Prof. 'Chuck' and his interesting approach towards the subject , which enabled me to cling onto Coding , something I was hesitating to learn.
Dear Sir, your course is awesome explained by you and also have a lot of fun in learning python programming language.This course just boost up my interest in learning of python programming language and also keep my interest in research in computer science.Thanks Dr.Chuck
Thank you so Dr/Charles Russell you were an amazing educator and your style was not boring like other educators and so simple and so funny .hope to have the chance to complete the remain courses to had the full knowledge that i need in Python.Best regards / Abdalla Fahem
Excellent course. The way it is presented and taught, unique and best ever I have attended. Special thanks to Dr. Charles Severance for his unique and very special way to presenting hard staffs in simple ways. I am very grateful to him and fortunate to be in his classes.
I have not programmed in years and was rusty to say the least. I found this course well paced, course materials were very helpful and the corresponding book explained things in a clear concise manner. I would suggest this course to anyone who was looking to learn Python.
Excellent course for beginners. Instructor Mr. Severence was very precise and in depth while explaining clearly all the concepts. I would definitely recommend this course to every new comer as it gives you some insights into programming while also making it fun to learn.
I have taken other Coursera courses and I must say I am impressed with the structure of this Python course. I really enjoy that you can work at your own pace and the lectures are structured in a great way that allows for understanding nuances of the programming language.
Fast pace and to the point for learning what you need about Python to get into data analysis and tool building right away.  Instructor is clearly spoken, engaging, a tad silly in a nice way and will geek out about all aspects pf python, computer science and your success.
one of the better courses to be found.  Clear explanation, gradual building of skills, interesting background information and interviews, great starter course for beginners, but also great for skilled persons to learn a new programming language and review basic concepts.
I learnt a lot from this course. One of the things that I appreciate the most from Coursera is that the Deadline system, which help me push myself coding all the time before due date.Also the professor and all the mentors are all so nice for teaching and solving problem.
It was my first internet course ever, so I was a bit unsure as to what it might be. It was great, educative, and the professor made the lectures fun. The inability to talk and ask questions to the professor is a challenge but at the same time a great learning experience.
I always believe fundamentals are very important to anything. Coursera designed this course in such a splendid way.  I recommend this course  for all who are eager to learn programming language. Thank you coursera and other guys for providing beautiful platform to learn.
Very good and entertaining lessons to start with Python. Also highly recommended for people that have no prior experience with programming.This course is much better structured with its tasks, assignments and lessons than a lot of other (very confusing) coursera courses.
Love this course.  Was previously using only Codeacademy (which is a great program also), however, as a "first time programmer" I found the basics very difficult to understand.  This is really rounding out my understanding and I love your vision for accessible education.
An well prepared course by Dr. Charles Russell Severance with excellent syllabus. It does not matter if you are beginning from scratch or already have some grasp on programming, this course is definitely going to help you in refining and revitalizing your Python skills.
This course gave me the confidence for building up my coding skills . I am sure that going to enroll for the next course. The assignments and quizzes are good to improve my confidence. I recommend this course who don't have prior knowledge in coding and python language.
Good course of course. You're a great teacher. Only negative is your view on error messages. IMO it's: "Human stupid, Python not", instead of vice versa. It is important for people to learn when they are wrong and accept that they are wrong rather than shunning it away.
Very easy to follow and nice to get glimpses of students from around the world. The large-hearted approach of not penalising a student rather encouraging them to make attempts till they succeed is much appreciated. Guru Charles is a great teacher. Thank you and Namaste!
this course is amazing . i had learn alot of things in this course, like loops, conditional and sequential statement , functions and all other basics . this course upgrade my technical part . im very happy to done this course. thank you coursera for this amazing course.
Everyone who's weak in programming or anyone who wants to clear their views regarding programming or learn python should register for this course just like I did. Anyone reading my review is same as me I can tell that for sure; Oops sorry "was", I gained the skills now.
It's best for them who want to learn Python from scratch. The way prof. teaches is the best way one can teach. Sir uses a lot of real-world example which infect is the key to get the modern knowledge of modern technology! Go for it without any thought, you won't regret.
Python for everybody course is awesome because of Dr.chuck, He began the course in a spoon feeding approach and finished it how one can do it on their own, it's really a fact that both the course and the instructor is awesome to play and teach the course to the students
This was a great learning environment (at my own pace, in my own place) and Charles is a great instructor. Wonderful introduction to programming, and I am excited to continue to the next section. My goal is to progress to data structures, and more powerful applications.
It is a course for people who have zero coding experience. This was my first try at Python and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The instructor is really cool and uses lovely analogies. Since I had some prior coding experience in C++, it took me around a week to complete it all.
Thank you very much, Chuck Sensei and University of Michigan for this wonderful course so much! This course is quite useful for understanding the basic of the programming and python. I'm sure to continue to studying the advanced course of python programming. can't wait!
I believe that this course is excellent for begginers. I knew my way around things cause im a CS student currently expanding my skillset, but i got to admit the instructor made it look easy and simple explaining some otherwise complicated topics to grasp while in class.
I am a senior high school student and this is my first course on coursera. This course give me an introduction about what python looks like, and the professor's teaching style is quite appealing and humorous:) Anyway, i'll keep going on until i finish the whole courses.
Tracebacks are your friend, to a dyslexic they are just the the squiggly red lines we are used to seeing in word! Only a traceback actually tells you what is wrong! Thanks to everyone who made and maintains this course, it really does make coding available for everyone!
I tried learning Python from other sources, but the professor for this course went very methodically through the foundation required to program Python well. This gave a deeper understanding to the language and made me feel much more confident about actually programming.
One of the greatest teachings by a professor. Good method of teaching and thus my way of learning has been differed from the orthodox classroom learning. Thank You Coursera! i'm enjoying the video learning and I'm keen to learn other courses from this very organization.
I really liked the course. Its a good course to learn the basics of programming through Python. The thing I liked the most was the flow charts of each program that helped me to understand the concepts easily.Thanks Dr. Chuck. I would like to visit you if I get a chance.
Course instructor is marvelous and content is too easy that a beginner  can understand and perform marvelously. I am learning any language first time and i enjoyed every moment of class, assignment and quiz. Thanks to everyone and specially "Charles Russell Severance".
It was my first stepping stone into the world of Python. Prior to this course I had no idea about it. Under the amazing guidance of Dr. Charles Russell Severance of the University of Michigan, I’ve learnt to make sequential codes, conditional codes, repeated codes etc.
Extremely acessible course. It contains full guide to install python on your computer and even offers a built-in python compiler in a website for those who can't have a computer at the moment. Certainly helped me to fix the basics, so I can thrive in python programing.
Very good. If you're already into Python programming it is way to easy but it's always good to refresh all that basic knowledge which is important to move forward to more complicated stuff. If you're completely new to programming, it is an excellent way to get started.
The course is great for learning the basics of programming (through Python). Even somebody who has absolutely no experience in the subject can learn and complete the course very comfortably. The instructor is a very nice, friendly person who is very easy to learn from.
Totally interesting, from the systematically curated content to the clarity of each minute element delivered by the instructor. And as name suggests, it is well-suited for anybody who wishes to learn programming as it assumes hardly any previous programming experience.
This course was so easy to understand that you cannot but fall in love with this. Specially Dr. Charles Severance explained so beautifully and clearly that all the things that was hard for me are now very easy to me.So don't waste your time and do this course right now
Obtaining a Python certification is worth considering if you're trying to take your career to the next level in terms of better job positions and a higher salary. This programming language is chosen by some of the best companies in the world and it's growing quite fast
please make this course more concise and short its pretty simple must be finished in two or three week and don't made mandatory for student to watch all bonus and other videos to finish this course. you make it as choice of student or for only interested students only.
Very beginner friendly course. I have a bit of python experience through other MOOCs. This course kept my attention and made me want to finish the course. If you have prior experience, you should aim to finish the course within a week. The bonus videos were also great.
It's really a great course for the beginners who want to learn python but dont know how. I thought it would be difficult for me but actually the professor was so great that i found it very enjoyable and i learned basic ideas about python through the little assignments.
This course teaches not only Python and also how to program. This course fits to beginner level in coding. Dr.chucks teaching, content, Coursera interface. quizzez and assignments makes this course enjoyable and happy learning. Thank you very much for wonderful course.
It's wonderful to take this course it's an amazing feeling, Initially  i was bit hesitant as the course will not be like as  i expected , but the way of explaining the methods is something unique and very easily adaptable for a laymen too,All the best and keep rocking!
The course is designed a way, that keeps your interest and make you to come back.Even if you don't know any programming language, it teaches in way that you will learn easily.This language is getting hot in market, still Coursera provide for free, thanks a lot Coursera
Dr. Chuck teaches the basics of python in an interesting way. This is done while solving real life programming problem with give a direct applicability of programming in real life and meaningfully showcase the power of python language.I love the class.Thanks Dr. Chuck!
This is a well-taught introductory course. The course instructor, Dr. Chuck is a very engaging teacher. I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. If you have a background in programming in another language, it should be possible to go through this course pretty quickly.
I love Dr Chuck. Have done many of his courses and each of them is so enjoyable. I knew the course material well already but I finished it anyway because he is the instructor. I knew he'd make the experience valuable. I can't thank him enough for all that I've learnt.
Thanks!A very beginners-friendly course on programming with Python.I was really encouraged & inspired by the knowledge of programming, coding, problem-solving with computational language.Thanks! To Open-mindedness, curiosity, and devotion of the responsible professor!
A really exceptional course, I really recommend anyone who is just starting to ode and have no coding background. This is just the course for you. Also anyone with prior knowledge can really just brush up their skills and memory on Python through this. I did the same.
Pyhton is very useful now a days for all it learns us to develop new programs,and learning skills and learn to more python and get many opportunities in jobs. So ,thank you for giving this free courses and teaching to students it useful for all.So, thank you soo much.
Very good course. Lectures were extremely detailed yet comprehensive and covered all the threads related to the program. The schedule was very flexible. The support on the discussion also helped by lot. The assignments employed practical thinking and problem thinking.
This course was really helpful to me I started from scratch. instructor is very friendly and all the quizzes and assignments are helpful to gear up the course. I strongly recommend this course for the people who want learn the python from beginning. Thank you Coursera
A great course for anyone who wants to start with programming even with close to zero knowledge about it. Pretty much jump-starts your brain about the electronic and programming world. You start to see the world in a programmer's perspective  a bit after finishing it.
This course was very beneficial for me because it helped me clear my basic concepts of Python3. It was a pleasure for me to learn from such a brilliant teacher. The additional content provided, was also of grear help. Looking forward to complete more courses like this
The instructor, Dr. Chuck, is amiable. I enjoyed his lessons very much. You have to beat your brains out to solve the assignments, which makes this course more enjoyable. I loved this course. I am looking forward to completing the other courses in this specialization.
The most valuable things in the course are challenges that are connected to the lectures that you should note and be attentive while listening to Dr. Charles. It is a way that python developers should solve problems in programming. Thank you. My best recommendation :)
The instructors, video and reading are all relevant and straight to the punch. In addition, I felt the class did an excellent job of explaining difficult terms in a fashion that's understandable to someone who had absolutely 0 programming skills prior (me). Thank you.
I've tried a lot of different online resources to learn to program, and this course by Dr. Chuck is one of the most effective and delightful. You learn quickly, while still taking the time to understand the underlying fundamentals, something that other resources skip.
Python is very fun and this is one of the programming language everybody should learn. This is a great course and if you have intention to be a successful programmer this is a great place to start. Best of luck everybody. Come and join the python enthusiastic group :)
It is a really good course for Python beginner. The class started with the most basic knowledge and then gets deeper gradually. Really easy to follow up with the video and programing a little bit with the help with the video. Highly recommended for beginner of Python.
I have made many attempts to learn programming over the last couple of years. I gave up thinking that I just didn't have the mind for it. Then, I found this course. This is exactly what I needed. I've made real progress and have hope. Thank you Dr. Severance and team!
It s wonderful course with amazing professor. For someone like me who didn't know any thing about programming, it was really powerful start . Professor Charles presented the content in a simple way  so that I enjoyed studying  a lot without any fears of this new area.
It was a wonderfully designed course for student having no knowledge of programming, even i was one of that student. But after completing the course i feel that i can also become a great programmer. Thank you coursera  for providing such a wonderful platform to study.
This course is a great introduction to python! I started with zero background. The lecture structure is very good as it slowly builds you up to more complicated things. The lecturer is clear in explaining and provides good examples. The quizzes are also very helpful.
This course is amazing for ones who are really want to commence programming. Dr. Severance is one of those really inspiring professors I have ever had in my life. I would definitely continue the next courses on Python to reach my goal as soon as possible. Try it NOW!
This is the best course for beginners.before joining this course...I thought python would be very difficult to understand...but now I have all the basic knowledge of python language......and I would lobe to learn other courses of python a dother languages on coursera
This course helped me to learn and master the basics of python and the videos were really engaging and fun which makes the course all the more the reason interesting and easy to learn. Looking forward to more courses from Charles Severance  and University of Michigan
Thanks to this course that helped me to step in programming language. Firstly , I would like to thanks instructor Dr. Chuck who wisely taught me to understand all the stuffs .Earlier I was getting a lot of difficulty to understand python but know I feel I can program
Learning Python from Charles Russell Severance was an amazing experience. He is a very good teacher who taught all the concepts with simplicity. The course gave me the basic knowledge of Python and now looking forward to learn Python Data Structures.  Happy Learning.
It was my first MOOC course. I found the platform Coursera very helpful during this quarantine time for learning something new. Mr. Charles is a great instructor. Loved the course and will continue to learn more from Coursera, from Mr. Charles and from U of Michigan.
amazing course for the very basics of learning programming language, i would recommend everyone looking to learn programming from the very basics, this is the only course on the internet which starts from literally scratch and takes you to a higher level step by step
Very didact, clear, friendly with the student and at the same time doesn't make you feel they are treating you like a dumb person such as in other courses. Soy really really thanks to Dr. Charles Severance for this great course. I will immediately start the next one.
This was a great way to get started with Python! The instructor adds just enough fun but also teaches very well. The assignments are also a great way to cement the concepts learned. I would highly recommend this course to anyone looking to dip their toes into Python.
This course is good for any background, if you are an engineering, scientist, business guy, ect.The information is provided in a way that everyone will understand, and have a willing to learn this language. I strongly recommended if you want to start to learn python.
Everything was clearly explained. The course is not only helpful, but entertaining as well. Prof.Severance managed to spice it up with his good sense of humour. It definitely makes this course more personal and easier to comprehend. I will continue to the next level!
what else than : print("For everybody").I wasn't sure to succeed, so I decided to learn python both through Michigan and Rice universities. Their approach are different and the "LITERACY"( from my opinion), is very good at Michigan. #EasyToFollow#FailFast#learnFaster
I truly loved learning about python code and the programming concept. It was a refreshing experience as I had already had a base in C and C++. But joined this course to learn python. But python is a simple code that it reduces the complexity faced in other languages.
Super great beginner course for Python. The lectures are easy to understand and follow. The assignments stick closely to what were talked about during the lectures. Besides, I pretty like the 'Bonus chapters' of interviews and office hours at the end of each chapter.
I really like this course， this is my first time to know and write code, as a first time learner, this course provided me a lot of basic information and explain to me details, also allow me to practice on my own based on assignment and quiz. I really enjoy it. Thanks
This is a really great class, you must be sure to follow along in the free book, don't just do the graded assignments, there are assignments in the book as well that will allow you to hone your skills.Don't worry the book is free to download.  I have mine on my ipad.
Excellent! Easy language for non-programmers as me. I'm thrilled as I am keen on programming. And this course is just perfect to me. And the way they are 'spreading knowlodge' is fantastic. They make sure to give you all information and access that you need to do it.
I am very thankful to Mr. Chuck Severance. After this course, I become more courageous about programming and spend a lot of time with it...Chuck's Sir way of teaching is the best type of teaching and his teaching is the reason that makes the course very interesting.
It's a great experience to learn a new language python with hand-on experience. The quizzes and assignments are amazing. While preparing a solution to the assignment I learn the python in more depth.Thanks to the instructor and the entire team of Coursera.Thank You!
Dear Dr Charles,Thank you for sharing your knowledge. It was never a boring class. I have learned a lot, not only about the concept, but also on how to teach the basics of programming, and how to be creative in constructing assessments/quizzes. Thank you, Coursera .
This was a very great start for me, in python. Even though I am from a mechanical engineering side , its was very much worth it to have learnt something new. I will surely continue learning. And a special thanks for the instructor and for the University of Michigan.
Excellent course! Lectures are concise and easy to understand. The course exercises are not difficult but challenging enough to require you to think through the problem. The Professor is knowledgable and conveys concepts very well. I am very glad I took this course.
I enjoyed this easy-to-follow introduction to Python and the refresher it gave me.  I haven't written code in many years, so this was a really great reminder of what I loved about programming, while also introducing me to Python and its peculiarities.  Thanks Chuck.
Loved the course: it gives the very basics of Python in an easy and understandable way, and Chuck Severance has got an amazing personality, which adds a lot to the course. The estimated completion time is definitely overestimated: you need a week max to complete it.
This course was great it teaches you the fundamentals of programming and take's it step by step. The professor even takes the time to show you the basics of how to save a file and why its so important to have this knowledge. Thank you so much professor and Coursera.
A thoroughly enriching and informative course. One doesn't need to have an in-depth understanding about Python in order to get started with this course. This course is designed to explain the subject from the basics. I feel really happy to have taken up this course.
For a guy like me with no prior programming knowledge, it was so much new language learning experience via online course. Specially the presentation and the sessions delivered  by Professor Dr. Chuck was amazing. Thank you coursera for this initiative and Dr. Chuck.
Prof Severance is great! I enjoyed his teaching and the course is really comprehensive, I have close to zero background in programming and the course really guided me through and gave me an idea of it. I would love to take further courses to learn more about Python.
Very good introduction to computer programming and python. The concepts have been presented gradually and also it has been made a connection between the program and the hardware running the program. I also liked very much the bonus videos at the end of each chapter.
This course is suite for the one who need to start coding with python even through who are programmer like me. I'm C# programmer and take this course for start in Python for solve data science problem and this is a simple and cover most of basic command you needed.
The course is very well designed and structured. Easy to
follow and apply. Learning resources are of great value and easy to access. The
instructor's approach is very interesting. Overall, very positive experience. I
would highly recommend this course for everyone.
That's an awesome course I found on coursera. I'm thankful to University of Michigan for providing the such a progressive content.I am thankful to the Dr. Charles "Chuck" Severance for teaching all concepts with extra care. I am excited find more courses like this.
Python for everybody is really an excellent course and the way the instructor, Dr. Chuck, teaches python is wonderful. I enjoyed and learnt many things from this course and I found it quite easy as compared to C++. A big thanks to the instructor, Charles Severance.
A very good and important course for those who are new to Programming World and especially rhose who are new to Python as a programming language. This course helped me get a smooth entry into the world of Python Programming! The instruction is also intelligent too.
This was the best python course and best instructor there is. This course was very helpful and informative.  It was very easy for me to learn programming through this course. I offer my gratitude to Coursera and professor Charles Severance.Thank you for this course
This course was very insightful and easy to grasp. The instructor took his time to introduce and explain all the aspects of basic python coding in a step by step manner. Would definitely recommend this course to anyone looking to learn their first program language.
Hello, if you really want to learn Python with no skills or programming background, you should just enroll and listen carefully. It was a pleasure to be a member of this community and many thanks to Mr. Severance to get me started to coding with Python, loved it!!!
I really, really, really love this course. I want to say thanks to Charles for your excellent work and to everyone in the forum, you guys helped me a lot, too. The way Charles teaching is really attractive and easy to understand. I must say that I've enjoyed a lot.
This course gives you a head start to learn how to program Python in an easy and basic way.If you don't know nothing about computers this is the best introductory course.If you have some experience with computer but knows nothing about Python, this is also for you.
Being a beginner with absolutely NO idea of programming, this program has helped me a lot in learning the basics about python. Charles is very good in the work he does; you can easily understand his teachings. I'm so excited to continue the rest of the coursework !
This course allows anyone to introduce to the principles of programming and the available tools that makes easier to code. Python itself as a Programming language is very readable and ideal for beginners or for non IT professionals who desire getting these skills.
It's a really good course for students. If any one want to know about the instructor from me, then I've a only a single word to describe him as well his lecture delivering ability that is "AWESOME". Every aspect of this course was clearly understandable.Thank You.
It was overall the best experience for me to get started with python indeed. Like I was really afraid of coding so much. But this course made it so easy to learn. Dr. Chuck if you are reading this feedback I am really greatful to you from heart. Thank you so much.
A fabulous course by Dr Charles Severance. It will change your perspective as to how interactive and friendly an online course can be. A very big thank you to Charles Severance sir for putting in the hard work to help us understand the python programming language.
I like this course. I know C programing. I wanted to learn Python, but I couldn't find any good tutorials. I found this a very good tutorial to be started with. And I love the way how the course teacher teach..... Thank you sir.....................................
Very clear and straightforward. Assistance is provided when needed and many thanks to Chuck  Severance for making it interesting.  As it was my first time getting introduced to programming thanks to the flexibility and clarity of explanation I faced no difficulty.
The professor is excellent and those bonus are interesting. What's more, the tool is very useful and amazing. In this class, I can get feedback as soon as possible and correct my misunderstanding immediately. I would absolutely recommend this course to my friends.
Highly recommended for those who do not have coding experience. Lecture is easy to follow. Quiz is being structured for student to understand even more. Assignment is somewhat challenging, it enhance troubleshoot skill if strictly follow instructor recommendation.
Dr. Chuck did a very good job for lecture teaching, it is easier for students to understand and catch up. Besides, those interview session with different founders and students are inspiring me as well. Appreciate that! Great job, keep it up, Dr. Chuck!!! thanks :)
This course was fantastic. It was the perfect balance of "Oh this is easy, this is easier...wait what is happening"  Dr Chuck Severance is a great teacher. I will look for courses taught by him in the future, starting with the rest of this specialization.Thank you
Great introduction to programming, I brought the course book, it makes the assignments easier and the content is better understood and retained.  The pdf version is available free, but for me having a paper copy is just easier to flick through, read and reference.
Is an excelent introductury course for people interested in programming. Even, if the programming language is Python, the course gives the student the base of programming in an easy and understandable way.I am happy to have done this course.Thanks for the teacher.
An enjoyable introduction to python programming. The learning curve can feel a little steep as the course moves on, particularly if you are completely new to programming. However, Charles Severance is a good teacher and he makes the course enjoyable and engaging.
It's been a great pleasure to me by learning python with such an amazing personality ,Dr.Charles.It was a fun and interactive way learning python with him.It actually felt like he is into getting knowledge to the students very much.So go for it without any doubt.
This course has started and taught me in a smooth and understandable way, the basics of python. This has been very useful for me to build my basics in a strong manner. The instructor was very open and clear in teaching this course which boosted my learning a lot.
Prof. Charles Russell Severance is one of the best teachers i have encountered. I am  amazed he had me engaged in video lectures  as it is difficult to have students interested in offline classes in the first place. Thank you sir for a lovely learning experience.
Great course! It was exciting, and it really helped me to develop my abilities and start programming.  The professor has a lot of knowledge of the topic, and he explains each one in a way that is understandable even if you have no previous experience with coding.
thank sir !i am learn  more core concept about python programming language  thank for sharing more content  and   in this course  i am learn  what is actually  are need basically need to programer  and what is skill are required   thank you sir !!  Vishal Dhanure
In the world of business in education Coursera provide me this course free of cost.The course content is very helpful and Prof. Charles Russell Severance explained every concept very well.Thanks Coursera, University of Michigan and Prof. Charles Russell Severance
Amazing teaching and the course content is great and simple and understandable. I suggest to all,  the course is excellent initiative from University of Michign to spread knowledge  it is far better than any other udemy course and it is the top stuff from google.
Charles provides a clean and fast introduction to Python, going all over the basics like print, for loops and iteration, conditionals, logical and math operators, variable declaration etc. It is a good choice if you have never programmed, or programmed in python.
Being a beginner This was very useful course to me to clear Python Concepts,  This course desgin really well and step by step and easy learning. I would suggest this course strongly who want to get in to Python programming even if you dont know anything about it.
I love Dr Chuck, the guy really knows how to pass his knowledge and get student interested in programming. He is not a boring teacher for a change and I love to hear. The course might seem slow but it teaches the right way because it will stick to you. I love it.
The course was an epical one and great fundamental lessons on computing programming were though using python. All lessons and quizzes were well structured and detailed. The tutor had great knowledge in the language and explained concepts very clearly.  thumbs up
Excelent course for everybody who wants to start with Python. It doesn't matter your purpose, this course is designed for people without programming skills as well as people who know other languages like C or anything else and wants to begin this other language.
Dr Charles Severance is a chill laid-back professor and makes learning fun. Prior to this course I had absolutely zero knowledge in computer science or python and found the coursework manageable and light.  I will definitely continue this series with Dr Charles!
As a beginner, I had fun with this course. The instructor is pretty cool, He has explained everything so nicely. I wish, I become a good programmer, and do well in python. Thanks to Mr. Charles for this course, He is also a reason for my interest in programming.
Everything is really good. Teaching method of Dr Chuck is not lazy.I got python basic and other computer knowledge especially I saw old hardisk.Thanks Coursea and Professorsand Teaching assistants.Now,  I am very exciting for attending another course in Coursea.
its a very good course as well teacher is also good he clears every thing from basic....he treats that person who is learning is learning from basic he knows nothing about programming languages...good course for newbies looking for a good course to start up with
Loved the exercises and the concise explanation. Didn't really feel engaged or interested in the misc. videos, but otherwise quite enjoyed the course very much. I felt like I was always looking forward to the next exercise. More assignments might be a good idea.
Excellent course for a beginner. Lectures taken at the right pace, very clear and the accent is understandable even to non-native English speakers. Quiz and Evaluation tests are appropriate for a beginner. Thanks to all who have designed and offered this course.
I am very glad to have completed this course from Coursera, It has indeed been very helpful for me in gaining an insight into programming. I would 10/10 recommend this to my friends.The way the programming language was taught in the videos were just exceptional.
This is my favorite beginner's Python course I've taken, and I've taken a lot of them from all over the place. I've taken this one twice, because the way Dr. Chuck explains things just clicks with me. I'm off to take his other courses for the second time now! :D
Thank you charles, I've done these fundamental parts in two nights, coz I have previously finished programming courses with Matlab. So this course was easy for me. But Charles taught very well and he's an energetic and interesting instructor. I like this course.
For me, this is course is very informative, especially for its clear coding knowledge like the following four  basic patterns in python : sequential, conditional,store&retrieve, and looping pattern:) Also, I am looking forward to studying the next four courses:)
I really enjoyed and learned Python's fundamentals. The Prof is funny and fun to study with. I recommend to anyone who is interested to get a sense of programming to audit to this course even just for challenge your brain.Thank you sop much for the great clasess
i have fun in this course, also it was easy to understand the subjects of the course and the comands of python. Dr Chuck did a great job explaining how to program with python. Maybe the assignments were sometimes too easy, on the other hand, they were fun to do.
Charles Severance is perhaps the greatest instructor of a programming language that I have ever encountered.  Not only are the lectures engaging but the assignments are relevant and I have been able to apply what I have learned immediately to my day to day life.
Very Good Course. I loved the format of the syllabus taught in this Course as when i was getting lessons on python in my college, i was not able to understand anything. The format, the  flow and pattern of teaching was very comfortable and easily understanding.
The best course in programming for beginners. Professor Chuck has such an amazing skills of narration and providing lucid explanations. His style of teaching makes programming so easy for everyone (even for those who are not having any prior coding experience).
For all those who doesn't know abc of python should take this course. The course is very basic and very helpful for the beginners. I have learnt how to use and code in python. Thank you Coursera, Thank you University of Michigan, Thank you Dr. Charles Russel :)
Excellent course by the University of Michigan.I took other python course also but it was so much interesting like this one.As per my opinion this is the best one for any beginners who want to start learning python.And the lecture was awsome he is so friendly .
prof. Charles breaks down everything to the simplest level while explaining concepts. I cant really say much from a complete beginners perspective as I am a little experienced in coding. looking forward to the next course from the 5 course python specialisation
Thanks to Prof Charles Severance. He started from the very basic level of understanding which helps the learners to build up the confidence and to write the python codes. I am looking forward to enrolling in the next course of python by Prof. Charles Severance.
It is still a awesome platform for learning. i can't explain in words how intelligently and  tricky way,  Sir Charles Severance told to solve various problems . Well, i would still continue for further partsof this courses for gaining more experience and skill.
I'm feeling blessed for taking this course. Right now, I'm on cloud nine, and eager to take rest of the courses in this series.  Though I'm naive to programming, but this course sparked an infinit pool of energy in me; I'm going to purse a career in this field.
The Instructor had explained each and every point in a very crystal clear way. He made me understand the concepts by teaching at my level of perception. I am very thankful to sir that he made me learn this course playfully. thanks to the whole team of coursera.
Dr. Russell was made me really connect with him. He was casually funny and real, I could tell that he has been teaching for a long time and it just comes naturally. The videos make you feel that you are interacting with another human and make easier to pick up.
Python is the most recognized programming language in the world and having a teach as Dr. Chuck is a great aggregated value.It's been awesome how you could learn python in a simplistic way without being a professional in the IT area.Thank you so much, Coursera!
It has content, where it starts from basic of computing, from hardware analogy to understanding and writing program. It also has interviews of Guido and founder of Arduino as bonus content. So overall i recommend this course for people who want to learn python.
Very satisfied with the structure of the course. Although I am from a programming background hence could get hold of the basic topics quickly to finish the course in a week but highly recommend this to anyone who wants to learn python and is new to programming.
Learning a new language is really difficult. Thanks to coursera and the instructor they made this course so easy that any one can understand the concept of the programming and complexity of it very easily.Thank you coursera and special thanks to the instructor.
Suprising combination of easy threshold of entry for audience without programming experience and quickly growing complexity of tasks that will keep people with more experience interested. Nice sense of humor by Dr. Chuck as a pleasant bonus. Highly recommended.
Well structured course which makes it easy to learn the material and includes lots of exercises to test your understanding.  Assignment solutions are thoroughly discussed which makes it easier to assess the efficiency of your own code compared to the professor.
I'm very thankful to Dr.Chuk. He is a great teacher with awesome teaching skills. He became my one of the favourite teacher in my life though it's online course. I don't know any coding language, but now i can understand what ever he has taught. Thank you Sir.
I had a great time. I love to take more courses  from coursera and University of Michigan. I had developed interest in taking online courses. The interviews (short talks) at  the end of every week are so inspiring. It develops self-confidence in me. Thank you.
I really
enjoyed this course. It helped me to bring back some knowledge and implement
them. As human, we never stop learning, so these online tools help and motive
me to keep progressing… Many thanks Mr. Charles… I would really like to keep up
on leaning here…
I am so much happy that I am the part of the course .The teaching technique is so so amazing .A special thanks to Dr.Chunk for teaching in a interesting way.This course has helped me with all the basics of python. One of the top level courses I have ever done.
Before starting this course, I'm not sure whether I'm able to complete it or not but now I'm surprised as well as feeling accomplished.
And all the credits goes to the instructor. The experience from this class is cannot be expressed in words it's beyond that.
One of the finest courses I ever have done loved watching Dr. Chuck. This course starts with the basics of programming in python, with very well explained each and everything. 
I will highly recommend this course to the one who is starting his/her programming.
Really well done, it was the first online registered course I followed and it exceeded my expectations. Ok I'm not really a beginner in coding but I wanted to restart from the basic because I never used Python. Simple direct and concise what I was looking for.
For anyone with no programming background and want to learn Python, this is a course just for you. Professor Chuck explains the concepts is such fluid manner that there will be no difficulty in comprehension.Great course to begin your language-learning journey
Great introductory course in python.  I had previously done some python but I wanted a solid foundation in the language before moving on to more data science specific courses using python and this Specialization is just what I was looking for.  Onto course #2!
Anyone who wishes to start learning Python, look no further. The instructor is not monotonously boring, the videos are divided into small understandable chunks, and is perfect for people in hurry. This was by far the best experience I had in terms of learning.
This course help me to look python on different perspective. Dr. Chuck has good explanation about the course. If you want to get more from this course, you must start to take another exercise/case about python programming and he will tell you about the source.
Charles' enthusiasm really helps make the subject matter more interesting. The assignments begin easy and get more challenging towards the end which is great, it tests what you have learned throughout the course. Overall, it was a great introduction to Python.
Great course for those who know zero programming, or for those (like me) that have not programmed in a while. The professor really goes out of his way to explain concepts and gives context on the history of programming and why things are done the way they are.
It was good and clear! If you are going to take it, I strongly recommend to dedicate time to it and also read the extra materials as much as you can, since it helps to a better understanding. The only thing is that I wish there were more exercises to practice.
A good introductory course for absolute beginners. Students having prior programming experience in any other language will find the contents to be too basic. The syntax will be the only new thing that experienced programmers will get to learn from this course.
Professor Charles is a great professor and he knows his stuff and very enthusiastic and humorous sometimes. Thanks to this class there were new paths for me to journey on, coding is fun. I included in my resume and that was a plus for my current job. Thank you
My sincere gratitude to Mr Charles Severance, he has been such a captivating teacher that I could not resist myself completing the course in a couple of days, more than a month before the schedule. You made learning to code a fun packed activity. A BIG THANKS!
It's a good course for everybody who have interest in Python, you don't need to be familiar with any programming language, even a primary school graduate can easily follow the course. I believe this course is truly practicing the original  purpose of coursera.
Good, I use to program when I was in high school. I feel like doing it again (now I'm about to graduate from a business school), so I take this course. The materials are not so hard to catch up and I enjoy learning new program. (I use to do basic C++ and Java)
Everything you need to get started with python is in this course and no matter from which subject you studied or specialization you have, you can do study this course and learn how to write code in python. I would highly recommed this course to the beginners!
At first I Would Like to thanks to Mr.Charles. I want this type of teacher who teach us with energy and fun. I learned  a basic idea about python,and i am so glad to say that this course is worth.It's not a waste of time but its a fun time with some lectures.
This is a fantastic course. Instructor is a very nice man. I've been a able to ameliorate myself through this course. I want to suggest some advanced course regarding PYTHON. It's great to complete a course like this under such a famous university. Thank you.
This is the best basic python class ,It Makes a So Strong foundation for your future python journey .the instrutor is so amazing,friendly,entertaining . he is there to give you actual meaning of from "scratch"  to whatever the level Overall i Loved the course
Great..!Though we are unable to see each other , it felt quite interactive to me:)Great Teacher..Well-Structured Course..!Solving Assignments after watching the related videos and practicing contents in it helps in gaining Confidence that.. "YES, I can do it"
One of the best programming courses I've ever had in my life and certainly, one of the kindest programming teachers I've ever met. If you're unsure about learning Python or want to begin learning how to program, this is one of the best courses you could take.
Excellent teaching by professor,so easy to understand and implement in problem solving,very kind,smooth and joy learning, i strongly recommend my fellow students to start python in this coursethankyou,kartheswar devaraj(Electronics and Communication Engineer)
This course is awesome, especially if you are an absolute beginner and have no idea what coding is at all. I knew a little of the basics, but Dr. Chuck helped me learn how Python works and gave me a really great foundational understanding. On to the next one!
i think the whole course is interesting and easy to understand at first, however , it is kind of difficult for me in the later courses, especially there are several courses lack of Chinese , but overall it is good and teach me the basic knowledge about python
Course was really helpful as it gave the needed basic understanding about the python programming.The concepts explained were very clear and understandable.The exercises were based on the video concepts so it helped to get some hands on the python programming.
Very great course on initiation in programming.I loved the teacher, loved the content, and love the course.I highly recommend it if you want to begin to programming.Thank you very much for making this course available for the world, you guys are priceless !!!
The way the instructor presented the material was very simple and I think any one who want to start programing should start with python and get this course.My over all review for this course is very good.I encourage everyone to came here and take this course.
Great introduction to Python! Professor Charles Severance has done an amazing job explaining the different concepts in a simple and easy-to-comprehend way. This course is the ultimate first step to Python, laying the foundations for every aspiring programmer.
Great hands-on (many labs with automated grading) intro to Python. Most labs are short-length coding assignments (10-20 lines max). The basics are covered efficiently with added lectures if necessary. I highly recommend this course for anyone learning Python.
hi there i really enjoyed this course Mr.Charles is a wonderful teacher and he has what takes to  explain and teaches with great method that let me understand the fundamental of using variable and statement especially the while statement and the for condition
This is a great course and wonderful teacher for people with very little to no background in computer science. Python appears to be a user friendly language for beginning programmers and I would recommend this class to anyone with an interest to give it a go!
A great investment of my time to learn some basics of the Python programming language, as well as experiencing some high-quality education on the Coursera platform. I am a higher education professor and administrator of online education. Well done, Dr. Chuck.
This was my first Coursera course I ever completed. As programmer most of the content I already knew, but I believed there is also some info might be between the lines, which it was actually true, and in top of that it was fun all the way.Thank you Dr. Chunck
easy to understand and given ample time to finish up our assessment (assignment  & review). Easy to navigate from one topic to another. Very interesting presentation and use example that easy to understand. For example, show in details how to get the output.
A course that is really friendly for a beginner like me, anyone who wants to learn about Python, coding, or even computer science is suitable for this course. You will definitely learn a lot of things from this course, hurry up and join the family of Python!
this course is very helpful to me.i have learned how to write a python code  and some of the information about python.i didnt need any changes on this course .whatever the information,assignment,quiz that this course have been given to me is enough to learn.
The instructor(Dr.Chuck) was slow and understandable for the first 4 weeks. But his pace changed and rushed a bit towards the last 3 weeks due to which i could not understand the topics a bit. Other than that is was an excellent course. Would recommend 10/10
I used to be afraid of learning python, but this course changed my mind. It's really easy to learn with humorous videos and interactive python programming. I finish this course within 3 days. Seeing the certificate is really inspiring. ; ) I will keep going.
I would recommend this course and professor to anyone who is interested in learning python. This course challenged me to learn and think in a different way when learning to program. Thank you to the Professor and the mentors for their help along the way too.
This program is awesome for the beginner who didn't no any language. Its from basics.Dr.chuck is very nice Professor ,i like his way of teaching .He taught everthing like a fun, I didn't get bored anywhere.Thanks alot coursera and alot of thanks to Dr.chuck.
Great course. I learned the basics of Python and was able to write simple codes and run them from the command prompt. The professor - Dr. Severance is a very cool teacher.  Discussions and explanations are clear, full of examples and fun. Highly recommended!
An excellent course for those who's learning programming using the Python language. Although it was a littel bit too slow for me, as a CS student who just wants to add Python to his kit, I managed to finish it at my own pace thanks to Coursera's flexibelity.
Very well explained. It's perfect if you never did any programming.However, if you did basic programming in school, it might seem a bit too easy.In my opinion it could be a bit more challenging, especially on the assignments.Excellent course overall: 4.9/5.0
This is a great course for a python beginner, the instructor is super enthusiastic about the course and the material which is definitely passed to students and makes it easy to understand the explanation. I would definitely recommend this course to a friend.
I really enjoyed taking this course. I've been meaning to learn Python and this was a well-pace course that taught me the fundamentals of programming with Python. The materials were organized and thorough, and I was able to take it while I worked full-time.
I really like the way that Mr. Severance teaches and I will be looking for more courses that are taught by him so that I may take them and gain the knowledge that he is giving.  I appreciate everything that he has done to make learning Python easier for me.
The course is fantastic. Dr. Chuck is fantastic. The only issue I have with this course is if there were a more assignments on every type of code being  taught , I think it would have been more easy for me to understand it.Everything else is just fantastic.
This course helped me to understand the basic and fundamental of Python Programming Language. I liked the course in every way. It was informative and well organized. I am so excited to get enrolled in other courses of this Specialization program. Thank you.
It was quite good and informative yet interesting. The whole course was good and the quiz were very interesting too . the assignments were quite challenging and so far the overall experience was quite interesting I would really suggest you to go through it.
Loved taking this course. The instructor really dumbs down the basics of python which makes it easy for any new student of the program to grasp. I am excited to take the next course with this instructor and take my understanding of Python to the next level.
Amazing course! This is not the first time I start a python course but it is the first time I finish one (in this case in 5 days). I attribute this mainly to the professor, he clearly is passionate about the subject and this is contagious. Thanks Mr. Chuck!
A great course. The teacher, Mr. Chunk, tells good jokes, and I also like the examples he gives. He teaches at a just-all-right pace, not too tight, not too light. In general, this is a perfect course for beginners to learn basic stuff about Python. Thanks!
really really helpful for all the zero-based learner.I am one of these guys, too. So I have learned how to read and write a simple code to let computer to do some computing such as iterating, looping and so on. I really wanna show my gratitude to Dr. Chuck~
Dr. Chuck was born to teach. His lessons are incredible interesting and make you love Python every lesson more and more! This course are very easy to learn, and I`am going thru , to the next one.Excellent for the beginners like me at the moment.Many thanks!
I learnt a lot in this course of Programming for everybody. I also got help from community or forum page. I really thank full to all of you who are helping those who really need help for their career. I appreciate the work of the co-founder of the coursera.
I have struggled for a few years to begin understanding coding on different platforms. This course has laid a foundation that was easy to follow and to understand. I didn't think it was possible to learn this but I did and it was both fun and enjoyable!!!!!
This was a great class to get introduced to Coursera. The subject matter was pretty basic but was taught in a fun way that still made it very engaging and interesting. The format of the exercises and the quizzes and especially the bonus materials was great.
Class is amazing for a beginner. Each chapter builds successive skills.  I'm enrolling in the follow-on course immediately.  The video lectures really contributed to my understanding of the material - and as a bonus, they're actually enjoyable and engaging.
Great!!! I am an fresh venture capitalist in China. And I am aiming at AI areas. This course startup my steps to have a better understanding in my own job. Thanks a lot to everyone's work! I am going to learn next course about python from Dr. Chuck now! LOL
This was such a journey. impressive by content as well as delivery. Amazing classes deeper insights, I would say you have to learn not only python but also numerous other things while you do this class, like regular expressions, databases and stuff. amazing
The course was so comprehensive and detailed for everyone who is new in programming. I appreciate the efforts of the teachers who provided us such a great assignment,quiz and video tutorials for practice and giving us a sharp edge in this programming world.
Very good at explaining the fundamentals of thinking like a programmer. I think for absolute beginners more examples would be beneficial but as someone with an interest in programming (probably same as most on this course) I had a little experience already.
Good course and very well taught. The professor teaches it with a slow pace so that everybody can understand the fundamentals. I have taken other courses on Coursera in which the teachers skip explaining the important steps but this course does not do that.
This course is a good start to learn Python programming language, I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn Python without any prior programming knowledge, the instructor is so good and the way he presents the concepts of the course is entertaining.
This course is wonderful for the most novice of coders (with no prior coding experience) to someone looking to brush up. Everything is clearly explained, with both the objective (why we do it) and the methodology (how we do it) described around each concept
Very good for the absolute beginner. I'm not an absolute beginner to programming but I am to python so I found I could skip a heck of a lot. Exercises are useful for getting into routine of writing programs and the worked exercise videos show best practice.
I wanted to learn Python as I was weak in it. So I selected this course on COURSERA. It was very much easy to learn Python from this institute. The Assignments are really quite easy to solve if you watched the videos. I would recommend to take this course.
I have tried learning Python from other websites but none can compare to this course by Professor Severance. He is brilliant. He makes the concepts very simple and easy to learn. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Python.
A very good place to start for total newbies.  But Dr. Chuck is right, many online courses start out the same, and then the floor drops out.  I have programmed before so this was too easy for me.  Finished in a day. Recommended to those new to programming.
It was totally a beautiful experience throughout the course, his way of explaining concepts is very appreciable.I would recommend this course to anyone who is new to coding.Looking forward for next series course i.e Python Data Structure.Thank you so much.
Coursera is a great platform to learn and that too just at your time and place and this course sare really really good for beginners as every concept are taught in detail and everyone can understand this. Dr. Chucks is the best instructor I've seen so far.
Nice introductory course! I am looking forward to learning even more about computer science and programming. Very engaging material. Dr Chuck doesn't expect you to know any programming at all, so it is perfect for beginners such as me. 5/5 would recommend.
I loved the way things were brought down to such a simple level. The hardwork put in this course by the professors and other staff is really appreciable. I learned a new skill and also did it while enjoying it. It was really a wonderfull experience for me.
I love this course! Dr. Charles is very patient and the demonstration is crystal clear. The concepts introduced in this course is very basic and the examples used are easy to understand. Very good course for those who have no programming experience before.
I wanted to learn python from scratch and believe me, you can't find any other course better. The explanation is very easy to understand. Even a high school student can easily understand python by taking this course. The course instructor is very friendly.
This is very good and very helpful  course to the beginners and this course provide the basic information about the python and I am highly thankful to the professor Charles Russell Severance and Coursera .I am highly thankful to the professor and coursera.
Great introduction to the basics of Python, writing and structuring. A good starting point to advance your knowledge. I would thoroughly recommend this. Chuck is a great teacher, and even via online learning, I found his method and style extremely helpful.
Dr. Chuck is great! Jumping into Python is incredibly easy even for someone without programming experience. Python's way of breaking down code into a more easily understandable sequence (almost like spoken language) makes understanding the basics a breeze.
This course was my introduction into computer programming. The instructor has been clear with his instructions. I have seen significant progress in my own limited computer programming abilities, and I am excited to continue forward with the specialization.
Good introduction, can be completed in a few day's even part time if you have some programming background.  Extra videos from Python and Arduino founders provided excellent backdrop information.  Glad that Python3 is now the default syntax for the  course.
Really suitable for everyone who is totally new to programming, videos allow you to pause and the subtitles really helps when you may not understand the terms used. However, in the video it was described in a way that it was easy to understand as a layman.
This was my first programming MOOC. Dr Chuck is awesome professor. His teaching approach is fun, relatable and uncomplicated. He takes you through step by step to learn a program (Python) that you are being introduced to for first time. I highly recommend.
Excellent teaching and guidance. I think dr. chunk is become my favorite tutor after this course. so I would like to work with dr. chuck in future whenever I'll do in ms. nice one! thanks a lot. I am looking forward next course of python with dr. chuck. :)
Really good course for beginners, they explain everything in detail. There are weekly quizzes and assignments which put your new knowledge to test, but the class crew is active in the forum and help if there is any problem with the programs of the coding.
Trust me Dr.Chuck is an excellent professor and the way he taught us the basics, no one could ever do. With some amazing techniques, quiz & assignments, you'll be satisfied with each and every chapter. This is short and full of content. Thankyou Dr.Chuck.
Dr Severance makes the lesson fun, and he goes through the bother of simplifying the concepts to make it understandable. Highly recommended if you have no prior experience in programming or if you are looking for a quick refresher/ introduction to python!
It is my first course on coursera and i am very happy to complete it. its a starting of learning and i hope with the support of coursera i will learn a lot of thing in future. Its a very good course and everyone should try this, the instructor is awesome.
Great course!This was my first course on Coursera and the first one in programming after quite a big break. It turned out to be very fun and comprehensive, really boosts your confidence and motivates you to move further. Indeed programming for everyone :)
I AM VERY HAPPY TO COMPLETE THIS COURSE PROVIDED TO ME BHY COURSERA .A LOT OF NEW THING I FOUND HERE WHICH CLEAR MY CONCEPT AND PERCEPTION ABOUT PYTHON AS A LANGUAGE .I WOULD LIKE TO THANKS ALL COURSERA TEAM FOR CREATING SUCH A WONDERFUL COURSE .THANK YOU
This course is in easy English. I love the way charles sir taught, with some fillers like bonus videos i.e.. interviews which really motivated me to learn more. He knows how to deal with an absolute beginner.This boast my confidence in python programming.
Excellent Teaching brilliant instructor although i felt if worked solutions to the assignments or if similar questions with answers were to be provided it would have been much easier. The resources provided are extremely useful while doing the assignment.
This is the second best MOOC I have ever completed (the best was https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn, because it taught me how to learn). This course is short, engaging, and most importantly, thoroughly explains the basics of programming.
I had been struggling and trying to find a way to self-learn Python for months until I came across this course, and in a week I saw light at the end of the tunnel. Charles Severance explains everything in a clear and simple way, and ihe even makes it fun.
Very accessible primer on python - even good to work your way through quickly if you already have other programming experience and want the basics of the syntax to come easily. Learned some other interesting tidbits along the way, too. Highly recommended!
Fantastic introduction into programming. No early jumping into arrays but rather how to structure code properly. Well designed curriculum where old exercises are used again and amended to grow with the skill set of the learner. Very entertaining lecturer.
Dr. Severence is highly gifted as a teacher. To make a complex world of programming easy to understand for the likes of me, it takes one that is thoroughly proficient in the subject and dedicated to teaching. I will continue these courses. Thank you, doc!
I have taken this course before. It is my third challenge. I could pass all the assignments now.I feel like I get something from this course and I really appreciate all the Coursera staffs and Dr.chuck  for helping me to pass this course.thank youjongchan
Excellent course. Have lot of examples and the clases are very clear. The book that is given with the course explain in detail the topics of every week and add additional details.The forum is also an excelent tool to debate and learn from and with others.
Great course. I had previous knowledge of Python, so I found it a bit slow at times, but I can't fault the course for that. I expect anyone seeing this stuff for the first time (especially if they aren't very math oriented) will appreciate the slower pace
Well built, seriously oriented for someone who never had any contact with programming before. Perhaps, some more advanced optional assignments could be added for those who know how to write code, but in different languages, at beginner's level.GREAT WORK!
Very clear and accessible. I often had to think about the tasks and it's great because that's how the material is better absorbed. The teacher is the best, with humor. Thank you very much! With you, the introduction to the python was fun and interesting.
According to me, this course is best to start learning journey of python. I have learned basics of python. This course cover variable, constants, conditional statement, loop statement, loop control statement, function and etc a lot concepts about python.
I really like this course. The course is clear and easy to understand. Thanks Mr. Severance.This is my first course in English language, and I can all understand, which makes me really happy and gives me a lot of confidence. I will continue study python!
sir truely speaking to get  started with any programming language this is a must go course for all as it not just explain about the programming but also encourage us that why we need to do programming I enjoyed alot and going for further course thank you
This is an amazing course for beginners. Even if someone doesn't have any prior experience in programming languages, he/she can easily understand the basic concepts by completing this course. Dr. Charles Severence and his team have done an excellent job.
Dr. Charles is a wonderful and helpful instructor. Even though I have a long way to go, doing this program placed me in the right step. I learned so much in a short amount of time. I highly recommend this course to anyone, who wants to start programming!
Excellent introduction and Charles did a really nice job taking his time to explain the "why" behind each component. I enjoyed this, as well as found it challenging and actually fun to want to continue and try and try again, until I finally got it right!
Highly recommend this course for beginner even with no programming backgrounds! Professor Charles is amazing and explains things very well! Love this class and will definitely take the rest of four！ Hope I can be good at programming after the 5 sessions!
This is the first course I have taken in Coursera and I liked it very much. Not only about the teaching style of Chuck making it a lot of fun, but I started to love Python for the programming. Thanks Chuck and the Teaching Staff of Python for Everybody:)
Progressive exercises and efficient support. It is possible to do the certification more quickly using only the book. But the videos and interactivity of Coursera add interesting elements. A very adaptable and efficient way to learn the basics of Python.
Great python course for beginners who has no computer science background. However, the assignments are too easy for anyone who has programming experience. It would be better if this course can offer more coding assignments and more challenging questions.
This was one of the best courses I have ever had the pleasure to study. Professor Charles Severance is a phenomenal and exceptional instructor with super human teaching capabilities. Every basic aspect of Python is very brilliantly covered in the course.
Great instructor, made the course really fun. I'm a beginner programmer but Dr. Severance explained things really well. Also, the Mentors and community of students in the forums were super helpful when I had questions. Looking forward to the next course!
Everything was great  but I wish there was more exercise questions to solve, at least as a homework. could've been in the book at the end of each chapter as a chapter questions /projects. Because I believe more exercise help to understand concept better.
Starts slow for someone who is interested in learning programming, but after a few chapters you realize how important it is to learn the first few (simple) things. Teacher is very good at transmitting concepts and highly entertaining.Course is excellent!
I have tried various online courses before though i couldn't complete anything on time. This course takes the least amount of time and gives you a comprehensive introduction to Python. It has everything which a completely new person to programming needs.
As someone with programming experience and looking to learn Python, this course is a fantastic review with respect to programming rules and makes learning the basics of Python extremely easy. Looking forward to completing the rest of the Python courses.
I just LOVED this classes, they were real fun and easy to follow! Not to mention that you get to learn a great deal! I really enjoy the way that Charles explained every topic, I really recommend taking this even if you already know a bit of programming.
Everything in this course is great. The lessons, the videos, the explanations. And it's a great way to start learning Python. I recommend to everyone who wants to start learning Python because it's direct and easy to understand the basic of the language
This was such an amazing experience and I particularly liked the computing conversations that was part of this course and how it helped to build a lot of interest and passion towards the subject matter. This is truly a beginner's course in every aspect.
These courses are excellent and fabulous. I can follow this step by step and learn basic knowledge about python. I am so glad to learn these courses and want to share with my friends who want to learn python. I cannot believe these courses are so great.
Amazing course by Coursera, gives you a good understanding of the concepts in the simplest possible manner. An excellent teaching style by Dr. Charles Severance coupled with timely graded assignments and quizzes makes it a wholesome learning experience.
I think this is the course you are looking for if you have no previous knowledge about programming. Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher. Thank you very much Dr. Chuck for this amazing course. I am interested to take the next course of this specialization.
i am so glad to choosing this platfrom to learn i have learn so many thing from you i am more intersted to learn more things from you and thankyou so much to giving a chance you give me confidence that i can also do best programming .thankyou coursera .
I loved the course! The teacher is very knowledgeable and has a wonderful teaching style and he is very humorous.  The assignments are quite challenging and you can spend hours on them, but you will learn a lot.  I highly recommend you take this course.
It was chilling to learn new thing, this course made me realize that. Thank you very much Chuck sensei for great program. I liked your relaxed style throughout program.Also I appreciate teaching staff Mihaela for giving me advises when things were hard.
Very good course for beginning Python students.  My only issue is that I was hoping to get some sense of how Python can interact with the web, be used within website, etc.  But perhaps that's a more complex topic that appropriate for this beginning step
I absolutely enjoyed this course. I rushed through it but I still found it informative and helpful. It gave me a good idea as to how the Python programming language works. The videos were short and sweet. Looking forward to the next part of this series.
This course makes me overcome the fear of learning programming. The lecturer does know the best way to teach and explain key points  of each chapter. For people considering learning Python with little knowledge, you should definitely enroll this course.
This is a very interesting and intriguing class. The teacher is the most humorous and gentle teacher I've ever met. His classes in this course are diversified. You can never get bored. Don't need to worry about this course, the knowledge is fundamental.
If you want a fast "on ramp" to programming, in general, and Python in particular, then this is the course for you. Dr. Chuck makes the content extremely easy to grasp and there are numerous, well integrated resources that will help get you up-to-speed.
I had done some python before, but I thought I should start at the start. Dr Chuck is an engaging teacher, who doesn't assume any knowledge and takes things at a good pace, not too slow but not too fast. I'm looking forward to doing more of his courses.
The course gives an introduction to programming to a layman. It starts of very well with good set of examples about computers, processing etc, and then builds on to it and starts the programming part without rushing anything. Recommended for beginners.
I really enjoyed this course and the instructors teaching style. Being able to catch still pictures of the slides for my notes was very helpful. Also, being able to watch videos of similar assignments was very helpful when I was stuck on an assignment.
As a complete beginner to programming , this course provided me the basis to learn Python. I would like to thank Dr Chuck for being the Best instructor ever and I recommend future learners to follow this course and enjoy learning Python!!!Thank you!!!!
The Lecturer is so enthusiastic. His enthusiasm is so contagious. The way he explains each topic is really basic and very understandable. If you're looking to start learning about coding as a beginner (not knowing anything), this is the course for you.
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand.
I just wish that there were more sample homework before the exercises so students could see how the lessons are applied to actual problems.
Explanations were clearly explained,  which has helped helping me understand what really is going on with the code/instructions executed.  Dr. Chuck also used analogies that helped me get a clearer picture of the program executed.  Overall, very happy.
very good one for the beginner. The teacher is very great! the course is designed well neither too hard nor too easy. The course is interesting, full of creativity and good interaction. I really enjoy it and the bonus video after every week. Fantasist!
Love the course and the professor. Even though it was a 7 week course i did it in one or two. The tpoics were good and some what knew. Got to learn a lot and still have a long way to go.TRY PLEASE IF YOU WANT TO LEARN SOMETHING NEW OR LEARN PROGRAMING.
Very good course for both people with technical and non-technical backgrounds to start learning Python. Prof. Severance does a great job explaining the concepts with good examples. The quiz and exercises make sure you have grasped concepts practically.
course era is an excellent oppurtunity to learn ,the user interface is excellent and easily understandable for users and coming to the course ,Dr chuck sir made programming easy to understand and as the name mean it is really for everybody , thank you.
it was one of the greatest course i have ever seen for beginners. And I found it very helpful for the beginners.The professor is extraordinary intelligent and funny that make everything simple to understandThank you professor for this wonderful course.
I found it very friendly if you have never code in Python before. I had some knowledge but here I could understand every "sentence" of code much better. I strongly recommended to start programming. Thank you. And teacher is great!! I love his entusiasm
This course was really helpful. It has given me a better understanding of programming, and as I plan to pursue Robotics in the future, learning python from the basic was important. The course covers the initial steps required to get started with python
Thanks for giving me a basic understanding of Python Programing Language. The lecturer is very friendly I mean it felt like he is actually close to me. Very good explanation and good course content. Fascinating features such as Quizzes and assignments.
I took four python intro courses from LinkedIn Learning prior to this course but it was still foggy with question marks in my head. This course cleared the fog like a magic!  I started understanding the codes  much clearer. Thanks, Prof. Severus Snape!
Dr Russell is the best instructor for python. I wish I could learn more from him. the only thing that I didn't like about this course was the first 3 or 4 weeks could be in just one chapter and instead more example could be added to the course. Thanks!
Wonderful course that starts with the very basics of python programming. Good for those who are doing any kind of programming for the first time. The professor has a really interesting way of teaching, making the course fun and interactive. Good stuff!
very introductive, suitable for someone without computer science background. The basic coding language is not only used in Python, or in other word, this first course won't let you know any basics about Python. The knowledge applies to C++ etc as well.
way of teaching excellent and simple,an the examples used for explaaining make me understand the topics soo deeply i would recommend everyone the same platform for learning........sooclen and neat while i was learning full clarit of notes with examples
Very useful course for the beginners in the programming.But for students who know aleast one language it's like they only have to know the syntax of the python so it's better there is another course which is for students who know atleatst one language.
Great course for going from zero knowledge of Python to feeling comfortable in the Python environment. Even covers installation! It's a little slow at first if you have any programming/command line experience, but hits stride after the first few weeks.
Really good for beginners as it's not hard to grasp , and the bonus interviews are very inspiring and they give you valuable information about projects that you might have heard of ,but never knew what they actually were .In brief , it's really great .
Great course, with great supporting material. The interactive book along with the video lessons are truly wonderful. The book goes into great detail and the video lessons act as reinforcements of what you learned. The teacher is fun and engaging. 10/10
It is a good course for the beginner who want to do the programming. Even though I feel difficult to do programming at first, but at last I will do it. This course are very helpful to enhanced my skills in programming. Nice course and nice instructor.
One of the best programming course for modern world. You can learn very easily this python course without having programming skill before. But you have to determined for completing this course without any hesitation. Thanks Coursera. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
First lots of thanks and respect to Charles Russell Severance sir ,  Sir really your pedagogy of knowledge sharing is amazing .Both my knowledge and programming skills are improved as each and every concept is imparted in a lucid and interactive way .
Very helpful for beginners. Great course content, assignments and quizzes. Well structured. The lecturer's accent and his voice are also one of the good sides of this course. I highly recommend it for students who are looking for online python course.
Very well instructed course. Thanks a lot for putting this up on this forum. It really helped me in getting up to speed with the basics of Python. I'll continue further to keep enhancing my knowledge with further such courses. Overall, Thanks a Ton !!
It is an amazing opportunity and experience to take lessons from a skilled and yet entertaining professor from a top university for free. Thanks for offering such a programme that can potentially benefit all of us who are eager to learn from the best.
i have to say its a wonderful course, i am just one that desire to learn something new and interesting and the professor Charles Severance, its so great, he is wonderful teaching python even make laugh one time or two, its a wonderful course really :)
A great course!! Helped me learn the basics of python programming and i am going to learn more about this language. Dr. Chuck is an awesome teacher, He made the class very interactive and help me understand a small programmer in me.. :)  Thank you Dr.
very easy and handy to learn, i loved it as a begginner! for more deep visualization of thoughts and concepts you can also use internet otherwise this was really easy to practice and learn! a great course to learn! Highly recommendable for begginers!
Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just I can tell that this course is AMAZING!!!!!!! Extremely helpful and straightforward.The instructor of the course WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is extraordinary in teaching topics of the course.Thanks for letting me learn more!!!
It was an awesome experience for me as it is my first online course.Thought it might be difficult but when the class was going on , it was simply superb.Every point taught by Charles Sir was crisp and clear for me.Thank you sir and thank you Coursera
Very well explained as well as elaborated by the professor.  His teaching methods are quite good such that even someone with no prior experience of coding(in any language) can interpret as well as understand. Solid 9.8/10 course. Highly recommended!!
Previously  I don't have any knowledge about python,just i heard the name but this course helped me alot to come to know about python programming.Really this added much to my studies.The videos were very clear and the instructor taught us excellently
A good course to all those people who wants to learn the python programming from scratch. It has the basic knowledge one should learn before jumping into the actual programming. And yes, felt really happy to see Guido Van Rossum for the first time :)
Thanks for this opportunity, It was a very exciting experience for me because this is my first online course, I really enjoyed by the courses especially teacher chuck.I am so grateful, and I hope one day make you proud to teach me and make what I am.
This is my first online course that I  have ever completed. I am the same person who has attempted doing various courses at various platforms but this time I could do it only because the way Professior kept it simple  and engaging. Thank you so much.
Awesome lecture and resource materials provided in this course. I would happily recommend Charle's p4e course to anyone looking to gain more knowledge in this space. Additionally, this was my first Coursera experience and I must say it was fantastic!
I really enjoyed this course a lot. Dr. Chuck is excellent at teaching and making programming interesting. I had tried learning python before from various other sources but I used to later get bored and quit. This course however was very interesting.
Learned a lot within a week! Really good teacher that explains the course well. The start can be a bit slow as it has a lot of theory, however it is well worth it and enhances your understanding of python. Will definitely continue the specialization.
I started my journey for Python with this course around 8 months ago and I can surely say the course has provided a very good foundation. Professor Charles is a great lecture. Exercises and Assignments will definitely make a student think. Thank you.
This is an excellent beginner's resource. And I'd just like to say thank you to Prof. Charles Severance for providing this course. These free resources for the sake of passing on knowledge are so crucial  in making programming available to everybody.
Awesome course for beginners, any one from non computing background also can enroll to this course and start learning Python programming.Dr Charles makes programming with Python real fun and easy.This the coolest course in Coursera coz of Dr Charles.
Prof Chuck is one of the funniest professor I've ever heard. Good sense of humor paired with high experiences in teaching, excellent teaching materials (perfect difficulty for the quizzes and assignment). I would like to be such a good lecturer once!
Charles Severance is a BRILLIANT teacher.  The way he explains the content, and how he asures that you UNDERSTAND the basics of Python programming makes this course great. Highly recomendable for those who aim getting strong basic programming skills.
I have been out of College for 10 years and had a little experience with C, C++, and Visual Basic so this course really helped me dust off the cobwebs of coding in general and start done the path of learning Python.  Definitely Recommend this Course.
Excellent introductory course to Python and programming in general.  I recommend this course to anyone who could like to learn either.  The instructor has an excellent teaching style which has inspired me to continue learning Python and programming.
It is an excellent course if you are considering learning Python or programming for that matter. The instructor, Prof. Severance is excellent in his teachings and explains the concepts clearly with intuitive examples. I highly recommend this course.
A very well designed and streamlined course for anyone looking to begin with Python. Prof. Chuck is an amazing instructor and explains every bit quite nicely. Assignments and quizzes are also well designed and very useful to supplement the learning.
I had a great start with basic programming and thanks Dr. Chuck for being elaborative on little details n making programming seem a smooth task. Thanks for all the bonus videos too that is encouraging and interesting while progressing on the course.
just completed the course, at first i thought it will be boring like all other online programmes but when i stared spending time there i realized that it became very interesting , not only the teaching stuff but the interviews were also really nice.
A must for beginners. This was my very first online course and i loved it. The instructor is very well versed and the forum was a way to clear your doubts. Overall an excellent way to start off with an online course. Thank you and All the very best.
Really good for people who have no programming experience and even better for people who know other programming languages because this course makes it easier to understand python fastly. The instructor is the best python instructor i have ever seen.
I have never been introduced to python before, in this course, I had a hard time studying. I need to watch the videos again and again. Not just python, I haven't been introduced to programming before, it's a very good introduction to my programming.
For an individual to get started with programming, this is the best course with all the fundamental concepts explained clearly with simple examples. This course also teaches how to program and implement all the theoretical concepts very efficiently.
its amazing to have such teachers to help students from the scratch.although Im an engineer and have learned the basics of java and C-language but for a fresher its also the best way to start the python career. I'm looking forward to all the courses
This is not my first programming class, but I did appreciate Dr. Chuck's approach to the material.  I believe his style makes the subject matter much better approachable for persons not already indoctrinated to the art and profession of programming.
Nice course. Useful for a complete beginner to the world of programming. Not so much for a programmer who's trying to learn a new language as the course tends to focus a lot on the very basics of programming and it might get boring for a programmer.
I am very satisfied with the course. Our Mentor Charles Severance sir explained the entire course in a very organised and in a very sequential manner. I am extremely satisfied with coursera as well and Iooking for exploring more courses on coursera.
This is the perfect course for people who want to learn programming and without any previous programming skills. Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher and he explains everything in a simply way, making it easy for you to understand. Thank you, Coursera!
ONE OF THE BEST WAY TO LEARN.WHATEVER IT IS IT'S ALL ABOUT THE WAY  OF TEACHING BY PROF.CHARLES AND I HAVE NEVER SEEN OR EXPERIENCED SUCH AN PLATFORM WHERE A TEACHER COMES TO LEVEL OF STUDENTS AND TAKES AN INITIATIVE TO TEACH HIS CONCEPT PRACTICALLY
This is a really clear and understandable introduction to Python. Dr. Chuck is the perfect guy to teach it. You'll not only learn how to write some good Python and solve some problems, but to understand the meaning and the 'why', not just the 'how'.
The course is very basic and a perfect start for a newbie and my major takeaway is learning how to identify silly mistakes which I learned during my assignments. The instructor is very good and spoon-fed everything, hence a great start for a newbie.
I thought It would be difficult to learn new language but as I went through the courses thoroughly, it was quite more precise and efficient. Thanks for the course, I suggest there is no regret in taking this course for beginners from any background.
This is the best introduction to python that I've seen. I've completed Codecademy's python courses and attempted to learn from various webpages and books, but it wasn't until this course that I finally understood how python works. Thanks, Dr. Chuck!
If you know nothing about programming and want to get started, this is the perfect course for you. Mr.Chuck, the instructor, explains in the simplest way possible and provides multiple examples for each chapter.Definitely worth the time and effort!
Hello Charles sir, good evening sir, its evening in india now :-) , excellent teaching sir, all concepts were clearly taught and made us to use those concepts while programming. thank you very much sir for providing  us an platform to learn python.
The class is very helpful, especially for beginners with no programming fundamentals. He teaches in a simple but constructive way yet he also makes the otherwise complex topic less taxing through his humour filled and student friendly teaching ways
This course has immensely helped me to understand the basics of Python Programming .I am really grateful to coursera as well as Dr. Charles Severence for giving me this opportunity to learn better and upgrade myself with the best possible knowledge
I indeed enjoyed learning this course from Charles Russell Severance who made programming seem simple and fun. Now it is safe to say I am acquainted with Python at a basic level. I am really grateful that I had the privilege of using financial aid.
Fantastic course! I have been so excited for all the lectures, quizzes and assignments during this course. I cannot remember the last time I was challenged to this extent on Coursera's platform. I cannot recommend this course enough - go do it now!
A good course for beginners who have little experience in programming. For more seasoned programmers a bit more detailing. A big thanks to professor Chuck for making the course highly interactive and the motivational series after chapters is great.
Quite interesting introduction to Python, Mostly focusing on the important components of the language. Looking forward to other courses using the same format. Thank you Mr.Charles for the subject i had a good knowledge and hope it would be useful.
if you are new to coding this is the best course you could have. I will also recommend read free ebook python for everybody book it is available at py4e website. Dr.chuck teaching style is very absorbing the way he explains topics is just awesome.
Dr. Chuck's lectures are pretty well detailed about it contents. The way he explains the topics, it is very easy to understand and grasp the concept behind it. It is must take course for new programmers, irrelevant of their educational background.
Well frankly speaking, i had no prior coding experience in Python. Prof. chuk has definitely made it too simple for every noob to start this language without fear. I am planning to go ahead with this course in order to upgrade what i started with.
First of all, I recommend buying or printing the book, most of the time you don't need it at the begining, but when closing in to week 5, 6 and 7 I found it useful.The course: I have tried several online courses and this is, imho, by far the best!
This course was thorough, was instructive and was incremental. I had no trouble following the concepts or the flow of instruction. I should have started here, long ago, when I first started learning to code. Thank you for constructing this course.
I had some basic knowledge of Python before I took this course. This course filled some gaps especially in the field of loops and I really enjoyed it. Since I actually knew the material and only had some gaps, finishing this course took me 3 days.
This course helps me a lot to learn basics python. I would like to recommend my friends who to learn python if I would suggest them. I would like to learn more about python. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to learn python courses for free.
In this course with Dr. Chuck it was an amazing experience with the teaching skills of his and the curse material provided in it was also an amazing source of learning.after this course I would also like to take the subsequent course from coursera
Most programming languages and most classes require a substantial amount of time installing and just getting going. I was able to dive into both within minutes. The explanations are outstanding and easy to follow. Am really enjoying these courses.
It is super easy and clear.  The class is perfectly deisigned for people who do not have little coding experience. The only pity is that the class is wordy ( but of course, the purpose is to make coding fun). I will highly recommended this course.
Provides the very basics of Python. Lectures were colourful and easy to understand and the assignments were sufficient and helpful. Also provides bonus videos which are very informative. The course could have progressed a lot faster in my opinion.
Professor Charles Severance is a delightful guide for Python, has a genuine infectious passion for the subject that has made completing the course an absolute joy. I very much look forward to the next courses within this specialization. Thank you.
I learned a lot from this course, having already used python before to write and define functions within my graduate courses. I believe this course will help to verify what I have learned and give me continuing opportunities as a lifelong learner.
Thanks for providing me this course on behalf of financial help.It was not possible to take class from outside for me.Thanks coursera and Thanks Clarles Severance Sir for providing best lecture from zero Level.Now I have built confidence on python
Fantastic introductory course to programming. Dr Charles Severance makes learning how to code in Python fun, excting and a rewarding experience. I highly recommend this course to anybody wanting to get into programming without any prior knowledge.
It's my first time on Python and I was scared to not be able to understand how a programming language works. Nevertheless, the course is well structured and exciting specially due to Dr. Chuck's teaching. The best is when the assignment ends well.
Professor Severance did an excellent job at explaining and demonstrating the concepts in this course which made it easier for me to grasp the subject. This course was challenging, but rewarding as I successfully completed each quiz and assignment.
Professor Severance is a appreciably comical man and I've found it very easy to grasp concepts in Python programming under his guidance. I like the pace of his video lectures and suggest that he maintain this level of concision mixed with clarity.
The course is fantastic! Even though you have never heard about programming. The professor is awesome and really clear in his explanations. It seems to me like a real time lecture: whatever is my question, he answers it on the very next minute! :)
I liked how the instructor broke down each topic in simpler terms. Personally I hate it when other professors use complicated terms, it is a hassle to me since I have to pause and then search for its meaning. I truly enjoyed learning this course.
This course was so understandable, more like the instructor made this course live up to the name - Programming for Everybody. I, a complete novice in Python, found wanting myself to learn more and more from the same instructor. Kudos to Dr Chuck!
I was novice to programming. Despite my hectic schedule of working (I am heading a department in a technical institute), Dr. Chuck made to understand the basics of Python I could complete the course in about 5 weeks. Planning to take next course.
The Overall Course is Perfect and the way instructor clears his message to the students is unique. The Interview videos in the course motivate students to learn more. I would suggest students to take this course before this course is worth taking
This is one of the best courses I have ever been a part of. The course is very informative and the live examples have made the learning process easy and motivating.I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn python or programing.
Great course for beginners who are learning programming new as well as for those who know programming but want to learn python. With help of this course I easily learned the basics of python and hope to learn more from 'Programming for Everybody'
It was very nice experience to study online in Coursera . It is One of the best online course I have seen so farDr.chuck is a very good instructor. I loved his each and every class , the way he interacts and coolness while teaching. Thank you sir
Thanks for giving me this golden opportunity and I loved the way you taught me. My future goal is to be a Data scientist and I am gonna be back for the Data structure classes. Again Thanks a lot for teaching me what is Python in such an easy way.
This course was awesome. I've studied some Python, but Dr. Chuck was an excellent instructor and made it very easy to understand concepts that might be confusing to a new developer. I would recommend this course to anyone wishing to learn Python.
Dr. chunk is a great person. While learning this online course in coursera I never find my self getting bored studying. the way Dr.Chunk takes this lecture class is awesome. this course mostly has a video lecture so you will be going to enjoy it.
An effective course  of python programming for the beginners who have just started programming. It's a great initiative by the coursera community to facilitate and help the students with the online courses to seek some great skills and knowledge.
Great course for beginners. I studied all programming fundamentals in school and was just trying to learn Python. I found that this course is very good for anyone that is trying to learn fundaments of programming even you have no prior knowledge.
Videos are clear and all the assignments are very useful to actually understand and output all the things I learned.Even though I am very new to programming, he starts from very basic and goes slowly which made me more motivated about the course.
I have never properly learnt a computer programming language. Had always a feeling of falling behind for not knowing any programming language. This course gave me the confidence to understand the basic way of doing and thinking about programming.
I hadn't done any programming in about 10 years so this course was a great refresher to basic concepts. It also taught me the basic syntax of Python (which is new to me). It is very well taught and gives you a good little starting-out foundation.
I would've never thought I'd understand what I understand after only a few weeks of watching videos! Really impressed with how engaging the professor is and how they've structured this first course. Praying I feel as motivated in those to come =)
This is a very good course for Python. I learn a lot, including how to install Python, how to write simple code on Python. The professor is pretty good at teaching, explaining the knowledge very clearly. I appreciate this course and thanks a lot.
This is really a great course, the profressor is so nice , he make the class easy to understand and interesting,also arouse my enthusiam about learning python,I really appreaciate and grateful to the professor and teaching assistants.Thanks alot.
It is one of the best courses available on any MOOC. It is for absolute beginners and people knowing any  prog language might feel like skipping ahead in some of the  videos. But nonetheless, it is a great course and Dr.Chuck is a great teacher !
this course is for some one who is new to python  programming and is one of the best course i have taken ,good explanation , and great enthusiastic teacher Mr.Charles Severance I really liked the way he handled the explanation for  various topics
This is a beginner friendly, computer science 101 course. Professor Chuck explains the concept and mindsets behind the programming language extremely well. I learned how to code, and, more importantly, how to think like a computer when executing.
Am very delight and happy in coursera. its a very useful and important program for the student. i love coursera, and am very grateful for this opportunity am given to be a partaker because its free. God bless coursera and the sponsorships member
It is the best course for those who have no background in any programming language. In this course they started from the ground level and it's really easy to understand the python. And Dr.Chuck is best Teacher for Python. It's like Master to me.
It was an amazing experience being able to more about how process inside a computer goes and its a lot different from what we see and know on the surface. being able to talk and instruct computers was absolutely a breathtaking experience for me.
one of the best courses i have ever finished.Mr.chuck severance breaked everything into little pieces so that a begginer is able to understand.fun filled videos and made me think so much when solving assignments,which is great.god bless Mr.chuck
if you're into computer coding and programming you should definitely think about taking this course. It will help you get a better understanding on how to write programs using Python and understanding how the computer interprets the information.
Very accessible and the prof made the material very easy to understand.  I spent several weeks trying to learn from Youtube channels and this was the best class I was able to take.  I am now signing up for the next classes.  Thanks for the help.
It is a very good course for beginners as very basic python is taught in this course. Dr. Chuck is really good professor. Also, bonus videos were quite informative and we could look at the ideas through which some people started great platforms.
This course was an amazing experience for me. It has changed my perspective on programming. Now I find programming much easier and interesting. The way of teaching is highly impressive and appreciable. I would love to take other courses as well.
This course is easy to understand and simple. It's a little slow going at first but once it picks up I felt as though the information was well presented and I liked referring back to the videos if I was having issues with the graded assignments.
Is a great course to start with Python, they teach you the first elements, all the context, iterations, conditionals... I think is a great tool to get started, also the teacher had great examples  to make his points clear and really good videos.
I very much enjoyed the course. And although I had no background in programming, I was able to follow the instructions and do the required coursework. The explanations each week were very good and understandable! I can only recommend the course.
I'm a mid-30s sales professional looking to pick up new skills.  This was fun. I'm a little fuzzy on the big picture of what I can use python to do in my work, but I know I'll find an application. I'm going to continue the program to learn more.
This course is just wonderful for a newbie like me. Know nothing about programming before but still be able to catch up with the course and even write a bit of codes in the final assignment. I'm satisfied with what I accomplished in this course.
An amazing course that really starts in a way I could understand.  I did not know anything about Python and now I can do some basics.  This is a critical course to get started with and lay the foundation for all of the other courses.  Thank you!
This course was absolute amazing. Professor Severance is both hilarious and so intelligent. He made learning this new language fun and beneficial. At times there were areas where I had to go re-watch one of the lessons but it was well worth it!.
Profound and accessible course to get into programming. Having learned C++ previously, I took this course to get into Python specifically and to refresh the basics. This worked great as you can do all the courses and exercises at your own speed.
Thanks for the Teacher Charles Severance. He is really knows how to teach students. Through out the course i engaged with the content and exercises examples are very to good to learn. and Thanks to Coursera for giving us such a nice opportunity.
Fantastic presentation of the course by Dr. Charles Severance. I would recommend this course to everybody. Immaterial of what your level of expertise is in Python, believe me, you can take this course and be more than satisfied with your choice.
I have been programing Python for a few years but I found some useful stuff in this course. The way Dr. Service explains things clears up little questions that I have had in the back of my mind for years. I would take any course that he teaches.
It's a
perfect course for beginners with as it is very paced and explains everything
you need to even if you have no knowledge whatsoever of programming. I really
really recommend it for people who want to start navigating the programming
world!
This course was very funny and very easy to complete. The professor is great and i think that his method is perfect for someone who approach a programming language for the first time. Everything is explained in simple way, with a lot of examples
For beginners in programming is very good. For someone who have some experience with other programming languages, this first course is too much easy but has interesting things (interviews, etc.) anyway so it is not a waste of time even for then.
Awesome explanation from Dr Charles although I did feel like the exercises were more complex than the examples given, my feeling is that it wouldn't hurt to just do examples as complicated as the exercises , other than that, it was all amazing!
Learning Python with Dr. Charles Russell Severance was a great experience. I am very glad to have joined this course. Its very informative in the details of the words written in the code. I am very much looking forward to learn the next course.
coursera is the best platform to learn python 3. i am impressed with the schedule and felt happy while working on assignments, quiz. Thanking you Coursera team, University of Michigan and Special thanks to my python 3 instructor Sir Dr Charles.
Overall the course is great and the teacher is amazing.Suggestions: might need a video to talk about the last assignment, coz even after I got it done, there are still some confusion, and really hope there could be one more video to explain it.
Great Course to start for students with no programming experience , Dr. Chuck was absolutely Phenomenal!!! . I'm very excited to take the next course of this specialization. I'm now a fan of Dr.Chuck!!Thank you Dr.Chuck and Thank you Coursera!!
A highly encouraging course for people who have not interacted with code before. Professor Chuck's lectures were both concise, engaging yet professional. I will definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants a crash course on programming.
Great course for beginners. Not applicable for intermediate programmers but the video with the creator of Python, was awesome and very inspiring. The instructor was so cool. I love the course but the quiz and assignments seems really very easy.
I will definitely enroll to next level of this course. I spent 3 days to finish this "getting started" course without drop off. This showed the value of this course that a. bring me in the gate; b. keep me motivated; c. wider my view on coding.
Python made easy and captivating. Dr. Chuck just knows his thing and he has a hold of how to deliver it to other people. Thank you for this amazing course and to Dr. Chuck, many students await your amazing way of delivering the course material.
Informative, easy to learn and a great stepping stone for anyone wanting to learn python programming (especially for those without any prior programming knowledge like me). Thank you Chuck and all the associated staff for this wonderful course.
Highly recommend this course to everyone who has little coding experience. The content is fundamental and useful. Love Dr. Charles's teaching method so much! And you can also attain great help from TA through attending weekly  discussion board.
I didn't buy the certificate, but I really love this course!Dr. Charles Severance explained python in a very interesting way so that we can understand it easily.I will continue to other python courses he taught and enjoy my programming journey!
Amazingly simple (too simple at times) and easy to understand. This instructor is clearly passionate and knowledgeable about the subject, and makes the examples as funny and interesting as possible. I learned a lot and enjoyed every assignment.
A wonderful course useful for beginners and the style of the lecturer is beautiful and interesting ...
But the level of translation in Arabic is not at the required level ...
However a useful course on which future information can be based ...
Charles Russell Severance is amazing teacher!  Course is absolutely great for the beginner level: clear explanation, good examples, very efficient lessons, short and to the point.So far this is the best program I have taken on-line. Thank you!
I loved how the course instructor took from 0 and made python seemed so easy to grab. Amazing work with the assignments and quiz, it does test the our knowledge well. In all, it was worth  my time. Thank you Coursera for this service of yours.
I wasn't new to programming but awful at it. I was new to the syntax of Python and took up the course to learn the language. But it was a fun course and I also improved my Fundamentals. Thanks to Professor Severance for the amazing experience,
I loved the way this course is built. I didn't know anything about python but in a week, after completing this course I am very much acquainted with it. Dr.Chuck is good at doing what he does. Definitely looking forward to o the next courses!!
it's a great course even a person with zero knowledge of programming can get it , it is made for everybody as it's name suggest , i further proceed the ongoing specialization course and recommend it for those who want to start from very basic.
This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all.
it was a goood experience learning this. Ton be frank i dont know single thing in python. I was scared of myself.But now i learned, even though i have a lot to learn alot my leaarning started from here. and also i am confident i can do python.
Excellent Course by far. I was searching for Python online tutorial. Finally I landed on right place !!!!Kudos to the Instructor for his exceptional lectures. I am confident, I can complete the remaining 4 parts in less time. I am confident :)
Rather slow in the Introduction with technical stuffs on computer hardware and all, not quite related to programming skills, but in the end I picked up lessons quite nicely. This is my first-ever online course that I've successfully completed!
It was a great course overall.All the concepts are explained very well.It is recommended for beginners.

The programming assignments are good for practice of all the concepts 
learnt.And also there are  extra learning and practicing materials.
Outstanding course by Dr. Chuck, the name is truly accurate, anyone can learn Python. It's been a while since I wanted to learn a new skill within Programming, but for some reason the learning experience wasn't as clear and direct as this one.
This course made my day! before doing this course, programming was a horror to me. But now this course helped me to love programming. A very special thanks to  Professor Charles Russell Severance without whom this journey wouldn't be possible.
Easy to follow. Charles seemed to have put a lot of thought into the pedagogy. Foundational elements are strung together in a logical, reinforcing order that aids the learning process.  Looking forward to the next course in the specialization.
Truly glad to be able to complete one of many more courses to come.Even though it is the first of 5 courses in the specialization ,I would like thank Dr. Chuck for helping out students like us in every possible way.He made us this learning fun
Excellent Intro to Python and programming in general.  Professor Chuck take the time to explain in detail the ins and outs for how functions work, for example, rather than rushing through it.  Invaluable instruction for any beginner!Thank you!
Great content, especially for someone without coding background. Online lectures are very useful for learning at my own pace. And I can replay the videos whenever I need to. Great quizzes and assignments to make sure I have learnt the content.
With no knowledge in Python and scared of if i will be able to make it through the 1st course. I will say the clear explanations and examples has really gotten me through. i'm very glad and look forward to the next class. thanks Dr. Chuck.....
It was a good course , I really have a programming background so many concepts were very easy to me , but the teaching mean made it more enjoyable. 
I really want to complete all of the programming courses related this series Thanks Mr.Charles
This course is amazing!If somebody is already familiar with a programming language it'll take just about a week to complete this course.The instructor presents the course in very simple and clear language which makes understanding even better!
If you have a programming background (I have) then this course really simple. Some might say too simple, but for me it was useful to 'get back into the game'. Also, simple isn't necessarily a bad thing. I understood everything, and enjoyed it.
Covers the very basics of python. Even if you are new to programming (not only python), this course gets your simple programming knowledge right. Charles is one of the best professor i have seen, who involves his student in the video lectures.
This Course is just awesome. Sir I truly feel that you have done a wonderful job in establishing this course. The content of this course is taught in a very easy way and so coding doesn't seem to me as much terrifying as it was before for me.
It was a great time learing about python as a beginier. Thankyou Dr. Charles Severance for introducing me to this language in such a good way. This Course taught me the basics of python like usage of variables, functions, loops and much more.
For someone who never coded before this was a great way of learning ,I finished the first 7 weeks in three days. keep in mind i spent between 5-6 hours a day and wrote notes while watching the video.I would recommend this than reading a book.
Very useful book. The instructor is very well equipped and has a great way of teaching. It was a pleasure being his student and acquiring some of his knowledge. I look forward doing more courses under your instructions. Thank you Charles sir.
What an excellent professor! He starts with the basic of the basic material, and at no point does any of it seem overwhelming even for a newbie like me. His vision, ideology, and passion is almost palpable. Looking forward to the next course!
An excellent course for beginners, who are willing to learn python. The instructor is very good at explaining things  and all the lectures were very clear and easy to understand. I recommend this course for beginners who like to learn python.
This course was amazing!!!! Though I learnt some programing years ago, this course just refreshed my mind back!!! Understandable videos, proper guideline, good assignments all are in one package!!! Mr. Severance is a very good teacher indeed.
Really helpful and well explained. Was finding it hard to believe that as a beginning, I could start grasping the ground concepts of programming. And it is possible. Thank you Dr. Chuck, Coursera and University of Michigan for the oportunity.
Dr. Chuck makes the subject matter fun and easy to learn.  Just need to follow along and he helps make sense of the control flow.  Cannot wait for the next courses to expand on this foundation of Python knowledge of Python.  Thanks Dr. Chuck.
Very good course! Amazing! I can easily follow it without much pressure and I am pretty sure I have learnt what I get from the class. The book attached by the course is also very good. I believe it would help me build a fundamental of Python!
I've started Python Basics course various times offered by many others but was never hooked to it as I was to this one. It was simplified for a non-programmer and alas I have made a head start with Python. Thank You for this wonderful course.
This is a great course. The teacher not only knows his material, but has a lot of experience working with first time programmers and so knows what errors they are likely to make and what questions they are likely to ask and addresses them all
A nice start to Python Programming. It covers all the essential knowlegde. The videos and the notes were very helpful and the instructors very clarifying. I definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to get started with programming.
I feel good to take this class. The content of each class is very clear, the structure of the whole course is reasonable. I learnt it day by day, step by step. I can feel my progress. I will continue learning more couses about Python. Thanks.
If you don't know how to program, this is a great introduction. For me since I know how to program (but not in Python), it was an introduction to the Python language. I appreciated being able to run lectures at 1.25 speed to complete quickly.
amazing course!! Mr. Chuck is an amazing teacher, and the lessons are greatly planned and organized. This was my first time coding ever, and I had no trouble keeping up, and I also had a lot of fun!!! Best of all, its FREE for first week!!!!!
A very good intro class for Python. Dr. Severance gives a detailed and interesting explanation for definitions and usage. Works great for people barely have programming background. Hope there would be more assignment or exercise for practice.
I recommend it to absolute beginners to programming. For those new to Python but otherwise, good programmers, this course gently introduces you to Python in an effortless manner. great course for programming beginners and those new to python.
I found this course really enjoyable. The instructor is really awesome and motivating. This course gives a good kickstart in the world of Python. To me, this is the best course available for someone who is just starting to learn programming.
I am very much impressed with Dr Chuck as his method of teaching is phenomenal. Sometimes this course looks boring but Dr Chuck initiates some interesting topics and exercises. So auto-grader tool really helps and python is very interesting.
It is the best python introduction course i've ever learned. It makes you realize what is python and what we have to do with python. It was amazing.Now, I'm going to do the 2nd course of this specialization. Thanks to University Of Michigan.
Amazing course delivery, I have never understood programming easier than this, simple and easy to interpret and also slow paced for beginners to work on it. Loved it. Thank you so much sir for this wonderful course and excellent explanation.
The course has been designed in a comprehensible way which allows beginners to proceed without any confusions. I would recommend this course to anyone who would like to give a try to coding. Intuitive courses like this are really motivating.
The TA's are great. Quick to respond, and give insight without giving the answer. All the documentation has information worth reviewing, ie the chapters. I wish I had read the literature before watching the videos, but all in all it's great.
I like Mr chuck as my instructor for this python course, although i was waiting for my application to be approved, i audited all the videos in course one and i had done the assignments from py4e.com and boom submit !, off to next course !!..
I loved it.  I took a couple of other online "courses" before this one, but I liked this the best.  I will be continuing on with the rest of the Python courses offered here.  Thank you so much for creating such a great computer based course.
This is my first course in Coursera, it's so excellent a trip. The content is so friendly for the beginners to start with and the logic in teaching methods are nice, too. Hope someday I can continue my further study with again. Thanks a lot.
The course content is pretty concise. Because I have programming background of JAVA before, I can see the course is not only informative but also concisely concisely straight to the crucial point, although I am not familiar with the Python.
i was happy to here, that i was a part of this course and i had learned something new by this course. the instructor had done a great thing, that the way of teaching and the way of expressing the things very interestingly.Thanking you......
I have learn lot of things regarding python in this course including types of data types, variables, operators, loop and functions. Moreover, I would recommend this course to the freshers who are truly new to the programing and also python.
Dr. Severance is really engaging and he does a great job of explaining the concepts and he starts from the beginning - including how to open terminals and install python. In college, so many professors skipped those steps. Highly recommend!
In the certificate of coursera there is mentioned only the name of student but not mentioned from where that student belongs to and the institution of the student where he/she works/study and not any photo or signature of student.Thank you.
AMAZING COURSE! For me as aa biologist who was always frightened by programming, it worked perfectly well. Thank you for all the "python doesn't mean you are a bad person". It kept me motivated and helped me to believe that I can do coding.
Awesome course for beginners, even if you do not have any knowledge of programming, you can take this course as the course contents are taught from very basic level. The videos were explained very easily, it was fun while doing this course.
Good introductory class for Python programming language, though a little basic for my needs. I would have liked it to be coupled with the second course in the specialization, but ultimately that didn't detract from the utility of the class.
Thanks to Dr. Charles Severance, he conducted the course over python very nicely, this course helped me in knowing about python's basic and it helped to know detail about python program.Once again a hartfull thanks to Dr. Charles Severance.
I have taken many Python courses, but taking this course from Dr. Chuck is like starting Python from scratch. Dr. Chuck doesn't assume that you know anything, which is great. I cannot wait to complete the other courses. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
The best Python course out there. I love this professor. I have tried many Python courses in the past from other sources, but I always got bored after the first initial sessions. Either too simple or too complex. This is perfect. Thank you!
This course enables us to get the basics quite quickly. As I have already experienced other programming languages, this was pretty easy to me. I am looking forward to getting to next chapters.Thanks for your pedagogic approach of the course
This is a fantastic course for anyone who wants to learn more about the power of coding and has very little experience. The professor is funny and speaks in a way that is very easy to learn from and makes you want to continue learning more.
Really enjoyed this course! The instructor was very informative and made it easy to understand. It's also great knowing we're able to go at our own pace. Though there were a few assignments that threw a few curve/tricky situations to solve.
Good course! Prof Chuck's teaching is remarkable as he makes concepts easy to understand. Also the interviews in bonus videos were quite inspiring. Thanks to the entire team for catering us with a wonderful programming experience. Kudos! :)
Simple to understand. For those who have no programming or computer science background this would be easy, or should I say it would not be too difficult to go through lecture materials. The best thing I love are the quizzes and assignments.
I took this lesson as a computer engineer to learn basic applications about Python. The lesson was very useful and I had a lot of fun. The learning materials are wonderful. Thank you for all organizer and the instructurer Charles Severance.
Extremely easy to follow. The last assignment was a little difficult considering the simplicity of the other assignments, but well worth it. I've already recommended the course to co-workers and I'm looking forward to completing the series.
This course is definitely for beginners.  If you want to learn to program, but you aren't sure where to start then this is the course for you.  If you are someone who already knows a bit of programming then this course will seem a bit easy.
Great introductory course for beginning programmers. This course helps users build a strong foundation from which to build additional skill sets. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in learning Python or general programming.
easy to understand for non-programmers. Love the professor and his humor. As the professor says, you should make sure to understand every single line in your program at this early stage. I'm taking the second part of the specialization now.
It's a great non-intimidating introduction into Python. Dr Chuck brings so light and with humor, it really helps a lot for me as a beginner. He uses non technical comparisons that everyone can understand, that was really a big plus for me.
Instructor knows his material very well and explains everything in a manner that anyone can easily grab, course is helpful for anyone who is just getting started with Python or has some prior experience with any other programming language.
This is really very helpful for me in this pandemic situation. This course will be very helpful for the beginners who really want to know about the Python language. Thanks to Coursera & University of Michigan for creating this opportunity.
I definitely recommend this course for everyone who is interested in programming. As it says that it is for everyone, even for people without a background. It was the first step for me in programming but I will go for it to develop myself.
I really enjoyed taking this course because for years I've been wanting to learn Python and I was motivated to finish the course in the least time possible because of how fun it was. The professor was also really clear in his explanations.
learnt a lot and enjoyed while learning.instrcutor was a very cool person and all the lectures were very clean and neat. I was really happy to be entered to this course and hope to continue another python courses in this series l.thnak you
Strongly recommendable for programming beginners. Python is a relatively straightforward language and is more explicit if you wish to do something in a short time. This course covers the basics of Python and it really explains things well.
I've been learning Python from youtube channels so this course was kind of easy to me, but if I compare both styles of learning, I prefer this one because it has an order and the explanations are so much clear. This is an excellent course!
It's an excellent course for someone starting as a beginner and stepping into programming world in this course we get to know basic stuffs like Looping,Iteration,Python Expression etc.....In the end Overall its an Good course to start with
Great course, great tutor. Its been fun to complete course. The tutor teach in a fun environment and that makes you retain and attend further video. Things are taught in very simplified manner making learning python possible  to everybody!
Well this course is very interesting and good to learn. And i would like to thank to Professor Charles who makes it very interesting and enjoyable. And also in this course the questions were easy except the last one which was kinda tricky.
The instructor starts teaching from very basics which helps non-programmers to get the concepts easily. Moreover, he made the foundation strong by delivering key points that other instructors usually skip this thing to go straight forward.
The course is excellent. Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher as he can make the difficult terms easy to understand the content and pace of the course is well adjusted. I would recommend the course to anyone who has zero background to Python.
This is a very simple yet interesting course introducing someone who has no experience in programming before into the world of programming. For those who have already had background in Computer Science, this course is a tad too high-level.
everything you explain even if it is simple or tricky one does explain with the same kind of intensity where we find it interesting and fun to learn without feeling any kind of burden thanks for sharing your valuable knowledge and resource
The course Programming for Everybody is exceptional and very straightforward. I found the process very easy to follow and all the material was covered well. I definitely recommend anyone interested in learning programming to give it a try!
This is a very good course with a great instructor, covers alot of the basics to get you going quickly. Clear explanations of the concepts, and provides good examples of their use. Good secondary material and all is available for download.
Great course! I had forgotten nearly all my programming from college, and this was a great way to get back into the mindset. There's not that many things as satisfying as trying to get your code to work, and finally getting it to function!
This course is particularly useful to help people without a computer background understand a variety of computer literacy, to learn a new computer language, and to explain very carefully. Recommend everyone to complete a series of courses.
Great overview and basics in Python. As a major in Info Systems and turned offering manager, I really enjoyed getting back to this. Dr. Chuck was absolutely fantastic and kept things engaging. Micro Learning is the best to keep engagement.
I took this Course time ago and multiple Python Courses, from Coursera, Edx and Code Academy, I really like the explanations and speed of the course, The Professor is awesome, I will recomend this Course to anybody looking to start Coding.
This course was extremely helpful in getting started with Python. Professor Charles made it even more interesting with his style of teaching. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn the basics of programming with Python.
It was easy to understand the concept of python on really basic problem statement , though these basic concept was clear cut through examples and assignments, yeah! one could further start in deep learning of python through this platform.
Great course for beginners! Dr. Chuck makes the lectures really fun, and the bonus material at the end of the week is also interesting. It covers the basics of programming well. Can be finished in a couple of days if you're in the groove.
This is an excellent course. The instructor of this course explains the various basics of Python which are very helpful for them who are taking this without even any prior knowledge to Computer Programming.An excellent course by Dr, Chuck
I'd suggest this course for anyone who wants to begin coding. Energy of the professor doesn't make this course boring and the course is clear and to the point. The way it makes you think while teaching and solving assignments is fabulous!
This is an excellent course for the introduction to python coding. It includes many of the basic techniques that has to be learned which forms a good base for learning python. All the concepts are easy to understand with good explanation.
This course is very helpful for beginners. All the basic concept has been demonstrated in a interesting way. Since difficulty level of assignment increases gradually So one can solve graded assignment with ease. Thank you for this course.
Hey! I am very excited to be here and learned this course and this is very cool and cool course very easy step to learning i really enjoyed in this course with videos,quiz and assignments . Really good job I must be Appreciate this course
Gives an easy entry into python, particularly for those with limited programming experience. I had some programming experience, although I never had any formal training in it, and found this course a breeze, and finished it within 2 days.
Amazing course. Very easy to follow and understand. I have just finished my probation on a new job analyzing data using Python :))))) Great Thanks to Charles Russell Severance! Thank you for making it super easy and fun to learn Python :)
The course is for novice programmer who wants to learn python, Professor Chuck is amazing. He explained basics of python in such a way that I did not go for other resources to solve the assignments. Thank Prof. Chuck! Thank You Coursera!!
Very nice course for beginners in programming. The instructor presents the course with at most clarity , from basics and with bit of humor. The energy with which the instructor teaches is contagious. All bonus videos are extra motivation.
Awesome course! Learned a lot and was able to take it all in at my own pace. Highly recommend to anyone who is interested in learning python. Great for beginners, not too complicated or hard to understand but you learn a lot and apply it!
The course is very detailed and helps a beginner or someone who is returning to programming after a break equally. I loved that each chapter had great examples and tests soon after to be able to recollect and apply all the learning. Thank
i took many online courses from different sites but this is my FIRST course that i finished and made all assignments and quiz ;) was really great and learned new things. thanks for all who prepared and especially thanks to mrs. Charles S.
This course has just made me hungry for more , most informative and proper step by step instruction ensures that if applied properly the student has a basic understanding of how powerful  a tool python can be in ones day to day operations
Prof Chuck has a great personality for teaching and I thoroughly enjoyed learning the basics of Python from this course. I'm excited to continue working on the next course in this series and begin building more complex programs in Python.
Great course for beginners, have a lot of interesting examples. The materials are useful and very easy to understand. Thank you so much for the instruction and wish you great success in helping the world learn how to write in DEAR PYTHON!
This course is perfect to give you the start on basic programming concepts using Python. It has a very easy way to deliver the information and some interesting videos on the language development and other computer science related topics.
Initially, the format of this course was slow and sometimes tedious. But as I advanced, I realized that they were applying a methodology that seeks to excite the student and complement in every way a transversal learning. I recommend it.
It was a really amazing course. The way everything was taught was excellent. Thank you for this course. I really appreciate all of the people who have put their efforts and worked really hard to make this course super easy to understand.
It is very suitable for a starter in programming. At first, it is very easy and fundamental. However, only if you make full understanding of the fundamental part, can you solve the problems in the following chapters! What a great course!
Excellent Course, My python journey started with this course and it has been an amazing learning experience. If you are planning to start your programming journey especially in Python, this is a must-do course for you! All the very best!
yes, this course is very helpful for beginners to understand concepts thoroughly. and mailnly i thank to instructor that he made this python language basics so simple that everyone can learn.again thank u instructor and coursera support.
Wonderful course for anyone who is new to programming. The assignments allow you to understand the practical applications of Python and help gain deeper understanding of the subject.Well structured and easy to learn, Highly recommended !
Very nice course, well explained how python is 'thinking', so you really understand how the program is working if these are your first steps. One of the best thing is, that you have to write your own code and the end of the each chapter.
The Instructor teaches very well and explains the whole programming process with the patient and thoroughness! Thank you, professor Charles Severance!! You do help me have an initial step with tremendous success in the programming field.
The course is great for beginners. The instructor is very clear in his teaching. The course material is also quite good. And the course is just at the right pace so you don't get lost anytime. Overall, I would recommend it for beginners!
really i am feeling very good after the completion of my programming for Everybody course on coursera . It was really a  good experience to learn python on cousera . The instructor is really amazing . His way of teaching is really best .
The way of teaching  this course is very interesting and He adopts the real time example for many conceptsVery proud to do programming for everybody(in python) in coursera and Charels sir nailed it while teaching some concepts loved it🥰
pretty easy and clearly to get start with a program even you never try this before, especially , there are a lot of bonus that can expand your horizon about python or even the computer science. So, take a try if you never do programming.
Excellent! Even if it is an introductory course to programming in python, examples and exercises are a great challenge. Instructor teaches incredibly  and invites to learn more as much programming as python language. Thank you very much.
Excellent course to get started with Python. I have no prior experience in the field of programming but this course was so easy to follow, had multiple practical exercises to solve, and most importantly, Prof. Charles is a great teacher.
I Enjoyed Every Bit of This Course and It was an incredible opportunity to Study Online From One of The Finest University in The World i.e, The University of Michigan and Their Professors Have Just Been Outstanding throughout the course.
Thanks to Dr.Charles Severance for his great method of teaching that let people even without strong background on coding pick up the lessons easily.If you are new on coding, here is the best start without any fear of coding or confusion.
This is a lovely course indeed. The instructor Charles Severance is full of energy and his teaching style is witty and engaging. Highly recommended course by a  reputable university and a great scholar. Thanks to all  coursera community.
it kind of easy for me since i have some programing knowledge. but teacher tring really hard to make you understand basic concepts. so it is very good for beginners know nothing about programing. btw i spent a hour a day for only a week.
Great first course to start programming for the first time or to familiarize yourself with Python if you have experience. For the latter it will be a quick review (fun and interactive) and it will get you started on the syntax in Python.
I really learn a lot from this course. The professor declare those conceptions in a very detailed way. Although I have learned C++ before,I still get a lot and have a better understanding in programming. Next I will learn data structure.
I am excited to finally start learning Python and I found the structure and approach used in the first course in the series very easy to pick up and follow along. Thanks for making this Coursera experience interesting, engaging, and fun!
Great introduction to python. Good for everyone that never programmed before. And good for everyone that wants to learn the basic syntax of python. Beginners need 2-4 hours per week. Students with prior experience need 30-60min per week.
It was very useful to understand the first steps in programming and helping me to advance my analytical skills. I would recommend everybody to take this course, especially in today's society where computer programming is key for success.
Really good course for a person who is new to programming although writing assignments with the autograder is a bit irritating as it catches mistakes like an extra space or small and capital so make sure u take care of these small issues
My institute syllabus does not include python. This course gave me an opportunity to learn this language in an easy and efficient way. It was indeed an interesting course. The professor explained in a very easy way and learning was fun.
Very simple but effective course, I already had programming knowledge prior to this course, and seeing how Prof. Charles breaks things into small pieces was beautiful, he truly makes things easier for students and is a great instructor.
My best programming course ever. Chuck is an awesome instructor. I just love this. i must continue to the next part as well. 
Course orientation and distribution of the topic were good. I must recommend starting python with this course.
This is an amazing course. When I started i knew nothing about programming, and now I understand how programming works and can make my own programms. The teacher is amazing and the course and resources are really good. Best course ever!
It is a very simple and useful course. It covers all the basics of programming. The explanation is really easy to understand and the professor gives very good examples and exercises. Thank you very much professor for this useful course.
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into. this is very helpful for beginners.
I really enjoyed this course and learnt basics of python programming. The material were very easy to follow and deliver in a very friendly and engaging manner.I highly recommend this course to anyone just getting started in programming.
This course is very recommended for those who want to learn about Python but have no programming experience before. The instructor delivered the materials in a fun & simple way. It helps you to understand the basic of Python programming
Charles Severance is the best teacher you could get for learning to code, because he explains everything in a simple and fun way. Thank you sir. Also Coursera has given amazing assignments to check your ability and go to the next level.
I am very much satisfied with instructor for the way he was teaching. My undergraduate languages(C or FORTRAN) experience was useful while learning this course. Who ever NO other programming languages experience, it was the best course.
The course is very knowledgeable and has very well explained the basics of python for a beginner. From the basics of installing and starting work on python through with variables. conditional statements and loops, it's taught very well.
Best introduction to programming that I can possibly imagine. As a non-computer person I'm extremely grateful to Dr. Severance. I had never seriously attempted programming until now (and way to go). Thank you very much again from Spain.
Best course which starts from basics and put you at position to start career or write complex coding.Though it's a basic course it gives confidence for moving ahead with python for exploring more and more new things in computer science.
Its extremely good course to begin with python and gives you lots of positivity and confidence towards start to Python programming language, teacher charles Sir is extremely good in explaining concepts and is the best, Thanks Coursera !
Great course!. Loved the method adopted to breakdown the concepts of programming. Helped me to overcome the misgivings about programming and I am now genuinely interested in learning more. Thank you to the  whole team and  Mr. Severance
That was really a great course. I have learnt many things about Python. Python language is very helpful for nowadays. Thanks to Dr Chuck for his valuable lectures and the method of learning. His lecture makes every lesson so easy to me.
I liked so much. Even though I have already knowledge with programming, Python is a new language to me and the way the course was presented, all people, even with no previous experience could afford to complete and take advantage of it.
This course is designed for people who is eager to take Python lessons ,it gives great opportunity for people who wanna a long distance study, really appreciate. it is almost for charity work,hope one day I could join in this great grou
I love that the lecturer gives all the information sequentially and in such high details. Even the beginners will be able to get them easily. I was able to complete course 1 within 3 days thanks to how interesting the whole program was.
Dr. Severance organized this course very well,  and the assignments are beneficial for me to master the concepts (teaching staff in the forum are very responsive to learner's questions!). I will continue to learn this series of courses.
Simple but effective course for beginners in programming. The instructor is friendly, the videos are well paced. You can increase the speed of the videos if you fell you are grasping things faster. Would recommend to absolute beginners.
It is a very interesting and inspiring course. Charles explain the complicated theories in Python in a way that is pretty easy to understand. It is definitely a good course for anybody who seeks to start his or her experience of Python.
Great content and perfectly designed for people with no previous knowledge on programming or any IT background. Classes are very well structured and easy to follow. Gives you the right basis to move forward with more learning of Python.
Great materials and practical examples which guide you step by step through the basics of Python.However, this introductory course is also universal, shows language structures and logic which is used in many other programming languages.
Great introduction to programmng and Phython, I never wrote code before, now I want to enroll in the specialization and learn much more! It could be improved with aditional practical excersises, or externl sources on where to find some.
I'm very lucky that I can learn with Professor Severance online.I've never studied computer science before,but this matters little for the reason that Professor Severance always talks clearly and vividly.Hope that his courses can be lis
Great
way to start programming in python. The course is well structured, easy
to follow, and understand. A big thanks to Dr. Severance. He has a
humorous and engaging style of teaching. Overall, very satisfied and
found it very useful.
Before taking this class, all I know about python is 'P-Y-T-H-O-N'. After taking this class, I can say that,'i can able to write some little programs using python'. I want to thank the instructor for this course and he is good teacher.
Dr Chuck is a good teacher. If you are a beginner to programming and want to learn python then go for this course with closed eyes. For a veteran it may seems to be slow paced but its good to build up the foundation. Happy Programming.
This course is very helpful to know the basics about Python. The instructor is very  well-known about what the learners are thinking which helps to learn accurately. Everybody with no knowledge about Python should complete this course.
Pro.Charles teaches very detailed and easy to understand. The course setting is also gradual and easy for beginners, so I learned a lot of new knowledge from this course. Overall it's a good course experience. Thanks again Pro.Charles！
The course is awesome and chuck sir is teaching very nice .The python for everybody is teach you starting and when you complete all the weeks and quiz and external graded question you feel like oh!it's so easy.thanks! charles severence
Amazing course !!Highly recommended !! anyone who has interest in programming but has no prior programming knowledge , this course is the best to start. It also crystal clears all doubts regarding regarding Python Programming Language.
I learnt so much in this course. You will get to know the basics of Python Language in a  very easy & friendly environment. Special mention to the professor who made it very easy. Their personality & sarcasm made it fun to learn python
This is a great course for beginners. I was already using Python for my own programming projects prior to this course but I still wanted to take it to renew my knowledge. Professor Charles Severance is now one of my favourite teachers.
This course helped me a lot to understand the basics of python programming language. Thanks to Coursera for this opportunity of learning this course. The professor was really good and the things that he used for explanations were epic.
It was a very good course, especially for me who had no prior knowledge about programming before this course. I was able to work on my basics thoroughly. I hope that many students will take this opportunity to increase their knowledge.
It's a great and it contains lot stuff about python and it is very good course for the beginners.Keep doing the courses like this and you COURSERA people are doing great job and providing the platform to the students.AWESOME...........
Its interesting to learn from one of the Top Rated University like University Of Michigan Cos I am satisfied with the mentor namely sir Charles Severance.He taught us from ground to top.So I rated this course 5 star.Anyway,Thanks..Sir.
Really a great course, Dr Chuck is a natural teacher, he is really funny and he knows how to make the material easy for you to digest, it was really a good time spent in this course and looking forward to other courses from Dr Chuck :)
I'd recommend this course because it's really easy and shows you that coding isn't as daunting as it seems to be. I would also recommend completing this in a hurry and moving on to the rest of the courses offered in the specialization.
One of the great course I've enrolled online. This instructor is very specific in understanding a topic and also very engaging. I like the way he taught python programming in this course and I would like to complete the specialization.
This course was excellent. Dr Chuck is a brilliant teacher - he has the ability to explain difficult concepts in a clear and uncomplicated way. I would recommend this course to anyone who want to start learning to program using Python.
The instructor is just amazing and his way of teaching is humorous but effective. The quality of the content in the course is commendable . This is the best course for anyone looking to get acquainted with the basics of Python language
It is an amazing experience for me to learn python from Sir Severance . This course helped me in learning basics of python as well as basic fundamentals of programming. Thank you coursera for bringing such beautifully designed course.
i would like to thank Coursera for providing such an interesting course and also Dr Chuck ..i could clear all my basics in python ..Thankyou once again...Believe me guys before starting any other course in python have a look at this..
I am truly a beginner in Python, I don't even know how to use my computer perfectly maybe, but this course made me understand the basics of the language and lead me to understand how computers think and work. I totally recommend it :)
Very Nice Interactive Course, just like python interpreter! and best part is there are interviews of people who has made the state of the art software; which makes this course more promising and build's ones confidence in programming.
Excellent flow, right from the beginning till the end for a pure beginner without any programming knowledge. And Professor Chuck!  Awesome!!! I am confident and sure that i gonna continue with remaining courses in this specialization.
A Wonderful Course for beginner starting from 0 level.  If Any one having no idea of Programming then it doesn't matter it will take you from 0 level to good programmer. After that you can continue from its python for specailisation .
I had really great time the way sir narrated was awesome and actually all those concepts are there in c language and i strongly focused on syntax and i have gained much more experience briefly regarding all topics. Thanks and regards.
Sir Chuck AKA Snape you care about your students and everything you do has something that encourages students to learn . Every  interview at the end of every week is cheery on the cake. Thankyou for this amazing experience. Bless you!
The course is exceptionally designed. The pace and contents of the chapters are very well divided. They are excellently placed into manageable bits, which makes you comprehend, practice and gain perfectness of the concepts. Thank you.
I love the teacher and I love the way he is teaching, though I felt sleepy sometimes {all because of myself, laugh}, I felt sleepy when it comes to programming, but I want to be a learner of it, thank you to Programming for Everybody.
This class is well crafted.  I enjoyed it and thought it beneficial.  It was a great jump point for understanding Python.  I would recommend for anyone looking to get started in Python with a general understanding of systems and Bash.
Managed to finish the course during the free tryout week! Professor Severance is funny, easy to understand. He makes it seem so interesting and easy, at least for now..... I would gladly to subscribe to the next 4 courses on the list.
Excellently paced for a complete beginner. Other courses I've taken are much faster paced, it was nice to get a background on some procedures and functions that were glossed over quickly in other courses I've worked through in Python.
Dr.Chuck is amazing, I learned a great deal from his course materials and I am inspired from me myself tagging along all the way through the end of the course. Now I would love to continue discovering more in the world of programming!
Very helpful and clear instructions. I had audited other courses and the assignments did not give enough information and i ended up stopping part way. This is my first completed coursera course and its all thanks to the great teacher!
This course is crafted very beautifully and Dr.Chuck has done a fantastic job in explaining the various basic elements that form the base of Python Language . Looking forward to enrolling in other Coursera courses in the days ahead :)
Very useful introduction to Python for non-programmers as you'll learn not only basic functions but also get answers to the 'nagging questions' about how Python, or programming in general, works at all in the form of simple analogies.
The instructor is able to explain the materials clearly and interestingly at the same time. The pace is little bit slow, but it is perfect for students who knew nothing about programming and python. Can't wait to start my next course.
It is a wonderful experience in learning python. Professor  Severance is such an interesting guy and his teaching technique is brilliant and suitable for almost everyone, including students majoring in CS or just programming beginner.
This is an excellent course for EVERYBODY, no matter where you are in your programming track. If you have not programmed, this is a great starting point. If you have been programming for years, it help to relate to those that haven't.
Great course overall. The video-lessons where clear and didactic and the excercises difficult enough to help me assimilate every piece of knowledge. A great teacher also. He made the lessons really easy to follow. I highly recommend.
Easy-to-comprehend. By far the best course on python that I have encountered! All I needed was to know the meaning of every component in the code and reason behind every execution which was beautifully illustrated! Thank you so much!
Was good, if you want to succed in any area remember it's good make your own research and be hungry with the knowledge because programming is about that you need to research for a lot information tutorials, videos and forums to learn
Amazing instructor who is able to teach using simple language with a logical flow such that it is easy to understand. The lessons are well ordered and the topics covered have a chronological flow. This really is python for EVERYBODY.
Professor Chuck is just wonderful, enjoying and explains with his own ideas which are actually good. One thing that I am not satisfied is with the pace of the course, it's just opinion or probably due to my early knowledge in python.
The course is very helpful.I had zero programming background but Coursera help me to familiar with python.The lectures by Dr.Chuck is easily understanding and explains with time. Also give assignments and quizzes after each chapters.
Thank you Coursera  and Thank you so much sir to learn basis to improve my python skill .I really appreciated to me that i can able to improve my self. Before I was wrong that i can't do any thing but Now I can say I can do anything.
very good program.It ensure all the people to understand all the things other than  they are studying during class period.It helps the people to know about more things.So it is a good one. Thank you for providing this type  of course
Charles is fantastic.He ease out the learning for me ,as I am  a non -computer science student.It would have been very difficult for me to learn programming.But I'm glad i opted for this course and successfully completed this course.
This course is great. I will reconmend to everybody with zero experience in computer science. The course structure design and difficulty is just right! Dr. Chuck is amazing. I finished the course in three weeks and have a lot of fun.
Great course! thoroughly covers the basics in the best way possible. Recommended for beginners, for intermediate and advanced users, you can find other courses by University of Michigan, especially from Dr. Charles Russell Severance.
This course was awesome. For a beginner like me  it proved to be a helping hand. I never thought that i will become familiar to python so easily and in such a short period of time. I am looking forward to more such courses like this.
I just want to say thank you professor, your explanation is very well,i took many courses about python before but this one is unique,you have a great manner on how transmitting the information and make programmation so easy..Respect.
Professor Charlles is amazing, he simplified the programming language so beginners like could understand, there are very few flaws in this course. It is wonderful for a start, thank you so much, professor, and University of Michigan!
abservation: here explained in detail and points where most of the people would do mistakes, they took care on those points. people who wants to excel their python skill , definitly take this course. it will hone your skill sure!....
I highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn the basics of 
Python and computer programming. This is the first Coursera course I've 
completed and I'm looking forward to taking more Python and computer 
sciences courses.
I recommend you guys who are new to coding. Especially if you are a foreigner who cannot speak English. The professor's pronunciation is very accurate. Subtitles and audible words are sufficient to understand. Don't worry. Go for it.
Very good course for beginners as well as for the guys with experience in programming. As experienced developer passed the course in two days. However I learned lot of new things. Good balance between watching videos and programming.
A highly recommended for all the amateurs to programming and for the beginners to Python as well. Absolutely well paced, aptly sequenced by Professor from Michigan University. My first course @Coursera, looking for more excitements!!
I really enjoyed this course.  I enjoyed how the course material included various topics beyond pure programming.  This kept it interesting all the way through.  I am looking forward to the next course in the Python series.  Go Blue!
The teaching methodology was superb!!It worth spending time in his lecture.Hope to have some advance study soon in Python which shall be freely available to learners who keen to learn something new but cannot afford the tuition fee..
I started more courses on different learning platforms, but left them all. Finished only this course because of Dr. Chuck. Thank you very much, the lectures were very well explained and the information was presented very interesting.
I like this course. It is easy to understand for beginners. lectures were fun and seen some experience of what major founders say. very interesting. You will not get stuck in it. Lecturer explains everything step by step. Thank you!
Everything was explained very clearly by the instructor, especially for students like me who are not experienced with the technical aspects of a computer, with interesting facts added in here and there to make it all very memorable.
Its really a good course in learning Basics of python programing. i learnt so many things from this course and teachers were also good at teaching beacause they were using all concepts and practical problems to teach in this course.
It was great to class with them.Instructor was awesome. Learn so many thing. I am benefited from them.I would like to do more classes with them. It was completely free and their system was good.The exercise was also standard. thanks
Excellent course for beginners. I am beginning in this world and it was easy for me to understand. The programming is very didactic and well organized. Charles Russell Severance excellent teacher. I wish it had subtitles in Spanish.
for beginners it is the best course as i learn a lot and the faculty is just like that he is not teaching online butit feels like he is in front of me and teaching me i loved it and thank you very much coursera team for this course.
This is probably the best online course I have taken and everything  is well arranged that it feel so stressless while taking the course and I absolutely loved the way the course was taken. Thank you Dr. Chuck, It was really amazing
This course of python is very easy to understand and learn. The teacher of this course is very good in speaking and gives the lecture in a very easy way which helps a beginner student to learn without much problems in understanding.
I really enjoyed this course - the passion that Charles has for this topic clearly comes across in his teaching style and the videos and it was a great introduction to the world of Python. Looking forward to the classes that follow!
One of the best on-line courses I've done so far. Dr. Chuck is very knowledgeable, with a much-needed sense of humor for this type of "dry" course. I'll give myself one day break before enrolling for part 2 of the course. Thank you!
This is a good course for getting your feet wet with a programming language. I haven't learned a language in over 20 years, but the instructor made me comfortable with Python and provided a good foundation for learning the language.
Love to come back again for more ... I now really understand what coding is and i know where to start from . Python is one of the best and the instructor makes it easy and understandable  .Thank you Coursera for such a great program
Great course for a beginner at programming and python. Definitely helped me challenge myself at learning how control flow works and have a realization of how much have I learnt throughout the course by solving the exercise problems.
I've taken courses to learn Python before this course but weren't clear at all. i'm not a programmer but after this course, I'm more confident about Python. Besides, the instructor makes you laugh a lot. I really love this course!!!
This is a great course to start with and get the feel of python. It leaves with a cliffhanger to learn more in the coming courses of the specialization. Looking forward to learning more. And Charles's expression at times is awesome.
Absolutely loved it. The Professor makes the learning process very fun and also puts in a lot of effort in doing that. It not only teaches you about Python, but also many other things related to computers and programming in general.
Amazing! This was fun! I tired to learn Python from some other sources as well such as Youtube, udemy etc. but they are all boring. This was fun. I finished it in a week with 0 Python knowledge. Can't wait to take his other courses!
This Professor is one of the best programming professors I have ever seen! He makes programming fun! Very knowledgable and precise! The lectures are well organized and the assignments really help understand the concepts well! 10/10!
Thought that Python would be difficult to learn. But from the beginning the course was so fun to learn and easy to understand. I would really recommend this course for the beginners of python. "Charles Severance is a great faculty".
Highly recommend for those who want to learn python step by step. Plenty of course materials and course text is free to download. It was really enjoyable and make me keep focusing on each topics. Definitely take next course. Thanks!
It's a really very good course for beginners.  In this course all concepts are taught very nicely and easily.I recommend this course for all students who want to lean coding but my suggestion for them is to first complete c and c++.
good course for people with no programming background. very clear and easy-paced.  for those of you who are familiar with python or other computer languages, i would suggest to use 1,5 of the normal speed when watching the lectures.
Dr Chuck's introduction to programming where he is explaining variables, constants and later functions, arguments etc. is really good and I would say universal for any programming language. So definitely excellent course for anyone.
So far, I am really enjoying this class. I am so thankful for this free source. I have taken a few python classes, the the beginning was a review, however the instructor makes the course beginning very enjoyable to watch. Thank you!
I have been trying to get started with Python for a long time now. Thanks a lot for a well paced course for learning the fundamentals of python programming in a very digestible format. Can't wait to complete the rest of the course.
As a computer student i found this course very easy to learn and very welcoming towards non computer student. The instructor was also very friendly and funny at times and this has made me continue on the second part of this course.
Fantastic course.I was a complete beginner and learned so much.Would 100% recommend if you want to learn more about Python and are interested in programming.Dr. Chuck (instructor) is wonderful and is very good at explaining topics.
I liked the course thought by the friendly professor.The course is definetely suggestable to those who want to acquire the basic  python programming skills.I am happy that I can solve problems myself without any assistance.Thankyou
If you are beginner and have no knowledge about programming , then this course is for you . Easy to understand , fun way to learn . What are you waiting for do get started with python for everybody.
I'm very happy with this course.
Programming for Everybody(getting started with python) is a wonderful course which beginners can take-up and get their basics in python. This is a part of specialization course and hence this can be used for further specialization.
I find this course to be an excellent introduction to python. The examples and metaphors used by Dr.Chuck are lucid and easy to understand. I find Dr.Chucks passion and encouragement served as a motivation to complete this course !
This course is very use full for people that doesn't have programming or technical background to start learn Python and help to understand how the computer logic run also for programmer that start to use Python from beginner level.
Excellent class! I had some on the job exposure to programming with SAS and SQL, but this was my first formal class. It really helped me understand what I am doing, and I learned new things as well. The instructor is very engaging.
Hello Charles, Thank you very much, I personally admire the way you teach the lesson with fun and all the other efforts you put in the course. I learned a lot and now I remembered each and everything I learned during C programming.
Very good for the beginners, since I knew Java little bit it was an added advantage for doing exercises. But overall professor made it really easy to understand this course. I will strongly recommend it to start with Python basics.
From someone who didn't know much, this seems like a fairly good way to get started, the self pacing aspect is ideal. I will try to come back and rate this when I know more, and have a better understanding of where this is leading.
Excellent first course.  I was able to understand the lectures, supplement my knowledge with the text book, and reinforce with exercises and quizzes.  I like that a number of topics were introduced without exhausting one at a time.
It was quite an interesting course covering mainly the book as referenced and while beginners can get hold of it too, programmers porting from different coding platforms can also catch up easily with python as taught in this course
My very first MOOC, and it totally got me hooked. The teacher is really good at explaining key concepts and the book is very useful and educational. Definitely will keep on going with the rest of the courses on this specialization.
Great course to get then basic picture of what programming is about. With this course and the book "Python for Informatics" I've learned the basics of Python very quickly and without much pain. Thanks dr. Chuck, you're the best! :)
This course was an extremely helpful introduction to programming. I have no background in this area but I found the pace and material appropriate for my level. I would encourage anyone interested in Python to enroll in this course.
A very well-structured course, aimed at those without prior programming experience. Dr. Chuck takes the time and proper care to explain all the basic concepts thoroughly. This serves as a great way to get your feet wet with Python!
Thank you so much coursera for helping me learn python programming so easily. I would like to sugeest everybody whoever is reading this review to take up this course if you haven't started programming. This is where you can start.
This is a great course for python beginners and for students who are new to programming. Very well explained. Thank you Professor Charles Severance, University of Michigan, Coursera and all others who helped me finish this course.
It was actually my most enjoyable course.  It had the most work to do by far and that is what in turn made it most enjoyable.  I was forced to learn and I love learning so that¡¦s why it was my favorite.Special thank to Charles :)
The exercise and the way Dr Chunk taught us made me clear and love about programming. I am really grateful to attain this course and instead of fear I am just loving programming. Thank you coursera and Dr Chunk , you are the best.
IT's a  0 level course of python that literally teaches you from the scratch and if you know nothing about python like me 🤦‍♂️😑 then this course is best for you.The teacher is also very nice and you can easily connect with him .
Excellent Course even novice learners. Expert instructor - the way he explains each topic is amazing. thank you for offering this course. It is very useful to student community as well as teaching community to improve their skills
excellent courses for programming starters, appreciate it!!unfortunately, we students from China can not available to watch the videos on this website.(due to some net problems)anyway, thanks a lot, and I really enjoy this course!
Course taught in detail. This course is great for beginners; it does not cover too much knowledge but thoroughly lays the groundwork for future study.
Professor Severance is funny and explains lectures clearly.
Strongly recommend!
Love this course! Especially when I figure out the solution by what I have learnt in the courses, it gives the sense of successful. I know it is still a long way to become an experts in Python. Thank you. P.S.I Like this lecturer.
Great introduction to programming, or a fun review of programming topics. It is not "in-depth", but as an introductory class, it isn't supposed to be. The instructor is fun and relatable, and does a good job explaining the topics.
It was a nice course, but i think it might be a bit difficult for students in terms ofr loop statement and 'if' statement if someone does not have any background. It was necessary to put additional efforts to practice. Still was a
Great introduction to Python. I'm actually excited to continue on and learn more! 10/10 would recommend for those who want to learn. Material is easy to follow. Assignments are easy to understand and reflect the lessons very well.
I loved this course!  I was a little familiar with some of the concepts before, but Mr. Severance's commentary helped answer some of the questions I had about it.  I have a much more solid foundation and understanding than before.
Excellent for beginners. You don't need any experience at all just access to a relatively new computer and the internet. Dr. Severance is a great teacher and the Coursera structure of the course is great for low maintenance study.
This course is a great first approach to python and programming in general.I didn't know much about coding, by the end I was able to understand the flow of a code and to solve little problems with python.Very clear and very good.
I never thought that learning a program could be that easy!!You made me instantly fall in love with programing.num=0while True:num<5                                                          print("Thanks a lot Charles Severance")
I really enjoyed this class by Prof. Charles Russell Severance.  I got a good grasp of the basics and would definitely recommend this course if you are a beginner. Very well explained and loved working with the autograder system.
The course is really a very suitable to introduce to the very basics of python and programming. The examples and the exercises are really useful and the instructor is simplifying things so it can be understood and absorbed easily
this course has been very helpful for me to started with python.My instructor Charles Russell Severance has made each and everything so crystal clear in my mind and the way he teaches is outstanding.Thank you soo much for this!!!
The lessons on coursera of professor Charles are really helpful, which arise my interest in python and computer science indeed. Thanks for this platform that make every corner of the world have the access to the useful knowledge.
Perfect for someone getting introduced to programming. Went through it even though I am an experienced coder as it was part of the specialization - to see if I could find a way to improve th- cant think of a way to improve this!!
I literally don't know how to thank Dr.Chuck and University of Michigan for offering this course.I am much confident now.The way Dr.Chuck taught us was incredible.Looking forward for more..Last but not the least,Thanks Coursera!!
I am very happy with the course. It was a comfortable introduction with accessible videos that I came back to when I needed them. I feel more acquainted with the basics of Python and I feel like the course was very user friendly.
It was an amazing course.I learnt a lot of new things in a very organized and perfect style.Special thanks to the instructor for sharing their knowledge with us. A lot of thanks to coursera team for providing such a great course.
I must say this course is a best step for beginners.The way of teaching is just phenomenal and specially the assignment part is the best way to practice what you have previously learned.Thank you for this courseThank you coursera
I love the course. It is full of fun. Charles did a great job of getting programming beginner like me to learn Python. Now, I think programming is a piece of creative work. Highly recommend this introductory course for everybody.
I liked the videos. The instructor was clear and helpful. The exercises allowed me to get familiar with the type of codes in each chapter and also let me think logically on each problem. I got more interested in computer science.
Very disarming lectures that don't talk down to you at all. Highly recommended if you haven't needed to program in a while. It very quickly gets you back into the swing of things. Doesn't get into the weeds at all, nice overview.
The course was really awesome and anyone with no programming knowledge can also enroll in this course. No prerequisite skill is required. This course has really helped me in enhancing my programming skills. Highly Recommended 😊
Thank you very much Dr. Chuck for best teaching ,the way of creating interest to the subject is very good,because i am a mechanical engineering student and easily get the thing . Before this i never did programming . so thankyou
This is one of the most practical and easy-to-understand course for me in learning fundamental programming and Python. This course helps me a lot in building programming mindset. The instructor is absolutely skillful and catchy.
Very well paced and easy to understand thanks to the instructor. Keep in mind that if you want to get a deep understanding of the language you will have to use other resourses because almost all explanations are pretty practical
I have just completed this course, and it was an excellent experience. The course instructor knows how to present the material to the absolute beginners. All the lectures are fascinating. I completed the course within two weeks.
I have done my course on Coursera . So I feel I am eligible to answer this question. Coursera  offers an astonishing chance to develop yourself... the course material is well communicated and there is a good variety of subjects.
This is first time i had done any course online and this was a wonderful experience!Everything is broken down making it easy to understanding for a newbie like me and make me feel really excited to get the knowledge!Many thanks!
This course was awesome, I have learned lots of things about python in this course, like data structures, different modules, defining functions etc. I would like to give thank to Coursera and Dr. chuck for this wonderful course.
As an Electrical Engineer I found this course easy to follow. I had difficulty with understanding the way loops work which I overcame with this course. Clearly explains the order in which instructions are executed. Very helpful.
I really like this course, and I want to say thank you to Professor Severance. Really inspiring and interesting! I've learn few programming lessons on coursera before and I think this is the best online course I've taken so far.
Hello dear committee.I think this course is one of the best course in the world.Thank you so much Dr.chuck and dear Coursera for helping students like me to improve their knowledge and be update in this world.Wish you the bests.
I'm a total beginner and I really enjoyed this course. It's challenging enough to be interesting but not so hard that it gets scary. Lectures are clear, the book is great and Dr. Severance is a great teacher. Highly recommended.
What I loved about the course is it started from the very basic, I've also wanted to program but I've felt the topics were very complicated, but after Sir's explanation I know understand a lot of topics I once found complicated.
This is a great course. It is well-designed to deliver the core knowledge in  a short time. The quiz and assignments are very helpful to use the knowledge I learned in real practice. I will keep learning and get the certificate.
An excellent, clear introduction for people who are brand new to programming. If you've done a significant amount of programming before, you may find it a little slow paced, but it's always good to remind yourself of the basics.
It is a wonderful course for those who are just starting to learn the Python programming! I myself as a total beginner, I could follow the lectures easily and enjoy building my own codes! Just awesome. :D Thank you, Dr. Chuck!!!
I love this course! I was a bit afraid I would not make it to the end of the first term, but the course syllabus is well-structured, friendly to students, and it has cool videos. I'm quite excited to continue it to the very end!
well structured course, starting from 0 python skills, after completing this course I am able to code programs which can calculate salary, interact with user via command line, write complex loops, handle errors, amazing feeling!
This first series is the most basic Python. The professor gave the lecture in a very clear and dynamic way. I really enjoy the whole learning process and I am expecting to learn more advanced knowledge in the following lectures!
This course is really good for absolute beginners !! Each and every basic details of programming are presented and explained so nicely. If you are planning  to go for python programming you can easily achieve taking this course.
I never thought to be able programing on Python so quickly (2 weeks).Each lecture is very clear, indications are very useful no waste of time... at the end: no regrets. Thank you Dr Severance and Coursera to give me this chance!
Dr. Chuck rules! He is such an engaging instructor, he makes learning Python fun. I have tried many courses and gotten discouraged but I am sticking with this one until I get it right. Thank you, Dr. Chuck, for being so awesome!
A well-structured course, especially from a beginner's perspective, all ideas were presented in easy to understand manner and the instructor nailed it. I would say that he totally is the best instructor, I learnt from, already.
It was a great beginner in the course. Our teacher was able to provide great examples and teach how certain variables, functions, etc. worked. I learned a great deal from this course and would recommend it to beginners as well.
Would recommend to anyone interested in learning about Python and has none programming background or experience. Loved it, learned a lot about Python and enjoyed every class and homework. Dr. 'Chuck' is an incredible professor.
Did it during Corona lockdown with no prior Python Knowledge. Now, I'm able to understand basic coding terminology and can read and write simple programs. In addition, Professor Severus was very entertaining to watch! Good job.
the classes are very easy to understand and the phase of the class is just right and the examples solved and the practice examples used in the course will let you to apply the theory lesson learned in the class  which is nice .
It is a great course. The  instructor is a lot fun to be learning from. He is very experienced. Great material too from the university.  Assignments are also intermediate level.  Appreciate the course.  Would recommend further.
It's really great! teaching was really slow and I was able to understand the basics like never before, and this course instructor Charles was good, I recommend this who have no basics can learn python easily and gain confidence
The best, the professor Chuck is one the best I have ever seen. Teaching coding to non-techie is very difficult and the way he teaches is just amazing. Would recommend every one of you to take it to enhance knowledge in Python.
I thought this was an excellent beginners course. I think that the final assignment could be difficult for a lot of students but I did not find it to be hard. Looking forward to taking the next course if I receive financial aid
Absolutely loved and enjoyed this course. I having no knowledge of computer programming, understood everything that professor explained and was able to write my own programs, and troubleshoot them. Highly recommend this course.
After completing this course: I can say it for sure, it's not only a 
great introduction to python word, but it can be a perfect beginning to 
start programming in general even for those how has no idea about 
similar subjects.
The instructor of the course is very well versed in teaching you python in a very fun and easy way. I m thrilled to experience that learning language like python can be so easy and fun. I am fascinated that I can actually code.
I was afraid that this course will be very difficult to complete but with great and clear explanations I finished it successfully and the information I gained is very new to me and interesting as I didn't know anything about it
This is a great course. It is well-designed to deliver the core knowledge in a short time. The quiz and assignments are very helpful to use the knowledge I learned in real practice. I will keep learning and get the certificate.
Very informative course for a beginner. It's a throughout course, that gives you the basics. Everything is clearly structured and easy to follow. I certainly recommend if one is interested in starting to understand programming.
Just loved this course and the material it provides.A good place to start learning programming and definitely recommend to others.Simple english and understandalbe accent makes this course the best of all other MOOCs available.
This is an excellent course. The instructor explains the concepts very well and they are easy to understand. The course and program could benefit from office hours like google Hangout sessions where we can interact with people.
Incredible course! As someone with very limited experience with programming, I found the pace to be just right. Dr. Chuck strikes a perfect balance between speed and content. His tone and presentation definitely kept me engaged
I like it! It is wonderful that this course is taught very well. The teacher explains it very well, short and concise. Me gusta! Es grandiosa la forma como se enseña este curso. El profesor lo explica muy bien, corto y conciso.
It was really AWESOME, I want to thank coursera so much for offering this awesome course , and also I want to thank prof. Charles Severance very much he is suck a great teacher, I'm looking forward to finish the other 4 courses
This course really helped me throughout. I was totally new to programming especially to this computer science subject but this course has got me through. Now i can proceed with more understandings and skills. THANK YOU Coursera
Good basic course for input/output in Python - looking forward to progressing with future courses and seeing how far I can improve my skills with Dr Chuck's help! Thanks for setting up this course and looking after the students
If you have never done any programming, this course will walk you through it.  Prof. Severance is very laid back. His lectures stay with the book. If you have been exposed to some programming, you can work at your own pace.Eric
No matter how good you are with a computer or programming. This course will be the one for you! I love the sheer humour of the teachers and the simple explanations they give. I would definitely recommend this course to anybody.
This course was extremely helpful in covering all the basic aspects of Python! The teacher is really awesome and makes you want learn as more as you can and as fast as you can. He is really great in making you enjoy the course.
Great course to have a clear introduction to Python. The course is very well paced and consists of ample examples to make the concepts very understandable and challenging at the same time. Glad to have enrolled in this course.
The way in which Mr. chuck explains is amazing it feels like a friend is explaining to us which makes it very simple for us to understand. The quality of education provided by the University of Michigan is really good as well.
Nice course to start in python programming benefits. It was really easy to complete at first and very complete with ideas and info about the language. Internalize the knowledge by the guidance of Dr. Chuck it was really great!
As a complete beginner, it was exactly what I was looking for. It showed you the basic skills to learn Python while also pushing you to think critically with those skills to solve problems and build things. Highly recommended!
The professor was an excellent educator, learning me thing that I have not understood in other similar courses. He was taking the time to explain the small important details that other teachers may assume everyone understands.
Course was taught very nicely by our professor. The course covers the basics about python which can be taken by anyone who known a little bit about any language. You will be taught from very base so you do not get any problem.
It is an excellent way to learn a new programing language. All videos, text resources and the explanations as well have great quality and they are very easy to assimilate andunderstand. I really have enjoyed to do this course.
This course is great if you want to learn the basics of the Python programming language. Professor Charles Severance is really awesome in explaining the concept so everyone can understand them. Thanks you for this opportunity.
Really helpful and friendly to bigginers. I had no coding experience before but I found the course easy to follow and it really strikes my interest on coding! I will definitely check other courses related to python and coding.
Charles is a fun and engaging instructor. The material is clear and the exercises are challenging enough but not  impossible to keep you motivated and pushing through. Looking forward to the next course in this specialization!
It gives very clear and solid bases to learn to progam in Python. I already knew how to program before doing this course, but I wanted to learn Python. With this I believe I have a good understanding on how to write on Python.
An excellent course to introduce you to programming. It has a very well organized and systematic structure so that you dont feel burdened at any point at all. The course material is very well detailed and simple to understand.
Excellent course. The topics were explained in very detail. This course is suitable even for a newcomer in programming who has not dealt with any programming in his/her life. Thank you Dr. Charles Severance. You are the best.
I have tried many courses but never completed anyone but this course is great and the teacher of this course is amazing and teaches any concept in an easy manner. Sir, you are so cool and I really laughed at your funny jokes.
It is an excellent course for beginners to understand what is Python. Dr Chuck is a wonderful lecturer to make the class more fun and he tries to use simple examples to explain abstract concepts from Python. I enjoy it a lot.
The Programs is complete perfect for beginners even without the prior information of the coding and for those who know may fell little know stuff is present .still will learn new things.I recommend all to take up this Course.
This is really the best course that I have found yet for a complete beginner - I am pretty sure that this course can teach the fundamentals of Python programming to someone who just recently learned how to turn on a computer.
I enjoyed learning Python from Dr. Chuck .He delivers the lecture amazingly n I got every bit he make sure to let me understand. Assignments, videos , notes are great. Its an amazing experience I ll try more courses.thank you
It was very informative and helped me to clear all my doubts and make the Python basics base Stronger with loops, conditional statements, and all the interesting Assignments.Looking forward to the next part - data structures!
Great course - easy to understand and plenty of practice material. Really liked the lecturer too, a very nice man, who you can see put a lot of effort and passion into this. Will definitely be progressing onto the next stage!
It is a good course for begineers. I recommend that , if you are going for this course , you should complete it  as soon as possible. Because it does not cover all the aspects of python. Its basic python syntax and semantics.
This was a great intro class to learning python. I was impressed by the instructor, and how he was able to break down each concept to the basics so that someone who is new to computer science has an opportunity to learn well.
Excellent course to get acquainted with Python's syntax and essential structures. It is truly a class for all: from strict beginning beginners more experienced programmers looking to refresh base concepts in a Python context.
This course has been taught exceptionally well mainly for people without programming background.Exercises were moderate. The lecture videos are helpful to get started with Python. Dr.Chuck videos are truly inspiring to learn.
The videos provide clear instructions about how to start python programs and essential information related to the program. I am also attracted by the teaching style of Dr. Charles, because he is both intelligent and humorous.
It's a decent course, good for starters with no background in programming. Course instructor is great, he teaches everything from basics. You'll enjoy this course if you are looking forward to learn Python from the beginning.
great and easy to understand. Finished it within a week if you really get into it. Recommended for beginner! It might take you slighter longer, but if you are really into it you can finish it faster then the recommended time.
The course was very productive in terms that it gave some strong basis of what coding is. I was an absolutely beginner before taking this course. Special thanks to professor Charles Severance because his energy is contagious.
Approach of teaching was awesome! It also brings some relaxation with the office hour videos. By the way, I like and enjoyed your interview with Pooja, the Piazza founder and that of Guido van Rossum. Big Thanks to Dr. Chuck!
Dr Severance is really an amazing teacher - he conveys rather complicated information in an easy to digest format.  Also, what a bad ass for dedicating so much of his personal time for a free class.  So very much appreciated.
Thank you for your great lecture, Dr. Chunk. This was my first class for computer science and I hope that I will be able to pass these all courses in programming for everybody. I really appreciated your help. God bless you :)
Dr Chuck is a very good instructor who manage to inject both humor and clarity into his teaching. He got me hooked on Python! I always look forward to the next lesson. The lesson content is well-planned and paced..Great work!
Brilliant course. Best suited for people with little programming exposure.I know programming so completed the courses with 1.5 or sometimes 2X speeds. Still worth going though as this is how you learn new programming language
Well my journey with python is really good, I just want to suggest to all if you are looking for python this is the best platform to do so. Dr. Chuck  explains really well.
Looking forward for many more interesting courses .
Great information for anyone trying to get their feet wet with Python and coding in general. Dr. Chuck makes difficult information understandable due to his down to Earth mentality. Can't wait to learn about Data Structures!
I learned a lot through this course. Mr. Charles Severance is one of the best teachers to study python from. Though the course was a bit difficult towards the end, but he explained it in such a way that even that became fun.
Charles  Severance does an awesome job of explaining things and is a very good teacher. This is a very good course. Some parts do not make sense at first but if you keep at it everything comes together and clicks. Thank you!
I loved the very down to earth approach taken in this course and as someone who plans to use this course as a stepping stone into the world of data analysis/visualization using python, I highly recommend this specialization.
I enjoyed this course. Dr Charles is an amazing tutor. This course lays out the foundation of python programming very well and leaves you hooked on its content - even if, like me, you have no prior background in programming.
Very interesting! The content is really applicable to real-life problem solving and the instructor is so great! I'm continuing on to the rest of the series of classes on Python and hope to keep learning from this instructor!
I will recommend this course to beginners who are interested to start learning programming with Python. This is a very exciting course that will help to understand the basics of the Python programming language from Dr. Chuk.
Dr Chuck is a wonderful teacher. I have thoroughly enjoyed the introductory course and man behind that is Professor Chuck. I left me craving for more, even though I have finished college with graduation in civil engineering.
I am gladly say it is a very very helped me to learn "python programming".and i hope it will be too much helpfull for all students. I am owe to coursera for giving me "Finantial Aid Application" this opportunity.thanking you
Very nice and excellent course  for starting with python.
study with enjoy .
so i prefer to join this course. 
As the name suggest programming for everybody that is right name because course like that . 
so join this course.
Dr. Chuck is the best professor i have ever seen....he is funny and witty in nature and also clever......just i am little bit disappoint as videos or content on FOR loop is very small......overall  the course is perfect.....
It was good experience being the part of this course.I personally recommend to take up this even though you don't have programming background, he teaches from very basic level that anyone able to understand easily.Thank You,
Great course for those who want to start on learning a new programming language or who wants to start programming. It is suitable for either cases. Also, it is just enough difficult for those who want to face some challenge.
It is a great course for beginners! I would also recommend it to people who know a little programming with prior knowledge in some other language, This course just dos what it says and makes you feel comfortable with python.
It was a great experience for me to learn python language from a prestigious institute. I am always be grateful of University of Michigan for giving me this opportunity to learn something which is very crucial for my career.
I have really enjoyed this course. The course instructor explained everything in the easiest possible way. Also this course has inspired me a lot in programming  and I think I will enroll in some other courses too very soon.
I'm amazed at how quickly i progressed from knowing absolutely nothing about computer programming to understanding these concepts and apply them! All thanks to Charles Severence for making the learning experience so awesome!
The teaching materials are sophisticated and robust; you can expect to absorb quite a lot of the basics if you utilize the textbook and the video. I wouldn't mind having more exercizes, but overall it was a great experience.
I was a total beginner in programming before this course and I was feeling little bit afraid of the subject, however after completing this course I feel much more comfortable and confident about myself that I could learn it.
Outstanding! Very well laid out, the book is helpful, the lessons are helpful, and the exercises truly reinforce the concepts taught in the lecture. This is a great option for anyone looking to begin in computer programming.
Basic course with good implementations and cases for better understanding .But the last for loop execution in the terminal was my biggest trouble.The loop videos seemed to be rushed for a beginner .They were not so friendly.
Great course, good explanations, excited for the next instalment. Only downside is it seems that Python 3 is now being implemented as opposed to python 2.I personally would have preferred if this course went as far as lists.
I enjoyed learning the first programming skills in my life. This is the stepping stone to learn more programming skills in the future. Thank you Dr. Chuck and all the coursera teams for bringing this course to me and others.
It's a clear and nice tutorial. Although I've learned python before, I still find it fascinating and worthy to spend several hours to review some of the basics.And the professor himself is super humorous.Good experience, 5/5
This is really best course for individual wants to learn python without having previous knowledge in programming. Dr. Charles has explained each concepts in simple manner and his book "Python for infromatics" is really good.
Loved learning from Charles Severance. Really felt like I learned the fundamentals of Python AND programming at the same time. Learned a lot about computational thinking and OOP which I can apply to Java and other languages.
This course is great for those seeking to learn Fundamentals of Python. This course is designed in such a way that I never felt boring watching the lectures.
I would recommend this course for those who wants to learn Python.
I am a novice at programming. But Dr. Chuck is amazing. He made us understand some basics of Python programming in a simple way. So, I would suggest if you want to learn Python programming from zero, this course is for you.
This is the best programming for an absolute beginner. It is decently paced and teaches the core concepts with an ample number of examples and the instructor is really humorous. It was like a ride in the park, never boring.
Good introductory course for beginners to python programming. The instructor was very clear in his explanation. The coding assignments and quizzes were fun to do as well as it provides a good way to do some hands-on coding.
The course was really awesome.I learnt alot of things and got a chance to improve my Programming skills.Our instructor Mr. Charles Severance is really an amazing personality.A big thanks to our Instructor and team Coursera.
I have never attended any class related to programming and have also not learned Python before. But the way Dr.Chuck has taught Python through out the course it has incremented my zeal towards learning Python more and more.
The way, Dr. Chuck has formulated this course, is appeasingly interesting. I would suggest everyone out there, no matter the background, to give it a shot.The only prerequisite here is your interest and excitement to learn!
Dr.Chuck is an amazing teacher.He explains the concepts with a bit of wit and humor,By this course i have learned the basics of python and industrial applications.Looking forward to next course (Python with datastructures).
loved this class. I liked the manner of the teacher, loose but everything said was important. The examples covered the concepts well and the textbook too. I loved that I was really programming and using real world examples.
I personally enjoyed the atmosphere and content of the course.It was good experience.Its interesting to learn new python because of which i was able to complete my course quite effectively also before the timeline provided.
It is a good introductory course for whom wants to enter to the world of programming, I learn about the basics of Python in a joyful way. I enjoy the course and the wat the Dr. Chuck dictates every module. I recommended it.
Online Python was an excellent seven week course.  Initially, I was nervous because I thought Python coding was going to very difficult, but the instructor made it so easy to learn and follow.  I truly enjoyed the learning!
Its really helpful for anyone trying to get comfortable with python. I'd highly recommend taking it! The lectures are concise and the teaching staff is always on hand to help with any problems or issues you might be having.
Very Nice, Experienced, Enthusiastic approach to teaching. The course is quite informative as it also gives lot of background about python language direct conversation with the founder of the language to author of the books
Great course. The textbook is available for free; the lectures are complete and well explained; Python and Atom are available to download for free; the material is relevant and the pace is good. I'm pleased with the course.
Very clear course; lots of material, and interesting interviews. I highly recommend it to people who never programmed before. People with even basic notions in Python might skim it and turn to more advanced courses, though.
Excellent instructor!. I have done Python at University about 5 years ago and did this just as a refresher. I completed tho whole course in about 2 hours. Not recommended for people with an existing basic python background.
you can do it at a 1.5x speed or you can do the assignment and quiz first. If you find anything you are not 100% sure, do go back and watch the video! It is a good way the check your knowledge set and fill your blind points
Brilliant course! The video lectures were great, the materials were great, everything was easy to follow and the assignments were fun! Thank you so much for an incredible course and I highly recommend this course to anyone!
The Author/Our Lecturer is too good and has a very good sense of humour. This kind of lecture/class makes learning very interesting and in the same time gets imprinted in my mind in an effective manner. Thank you Charles :)
Super funny professor. Not dry or monotonous at all. Mainly talked about pretty basic stuff in this course. But he is really good at explaining things and giving examples. Will take the other courses in this specialization.
This is my second online class using Couresa and what I've liked (what has helped me) so far in this class have been the videos, I think I could have learned this on my own, but it's great listening to an actual instructor.
Quite fun, Dr Severance goes into good detail on the topic, his lectures are quite engaging, as he has filmed himself talking, so they are a lot more personal, and less "mind blowing" than some hardcore programming courses.
Professor Severence makes the class fun and interesting.   The book is free and the material is chunked in a logical manner that makes it easy to follow along each week.   Great pace for anyone who also has a full time job.
Excellent course. I learn the basics of the Python language very detailed. The teacher explains very well and is very didactic. The videos at the end of each section about the jobs and uses of Python were very interesting.
Very big thank to Dr Charles Severance Ph.D, to technical staff Mihaela Mack and Cousera Team Member and also to MDEC for sponsor this program. The content, material and support was superb and amazing. Thank you very much.
I would highly recommend this course for absolute beginners. It is such a wonderful course for those who are interested in learning python. Definitely!!!!! I'm 100% sure that you won't regret after enrolling in this course
I think  this is the best course to learn python. i learnt more and the instructor is too good . if you haven't any background of computer you can still learn python. Dr.Charles severance is the best instructor of python .
I really learnt a lot about programming from this course I thank  Coursera for making available such courses for those  who can't afford paying I myself applied for this course through financial aid Finally thanks a lot!!!
The best programming class on python. I guarantee no other class can solve your issues with so much intensity. It clears your basics from inner depth. Moreover, the interviews are awsome which us more insights on Python 3.
This is a wonderful course. In beginning the assignment was quite easy but as we go further assignment was tricky in which we have to apply all of our understanding... but in all, it was amazing with excellent explanation.
Extraordinary course with an amazing content and an outstanding instructor. I feel like he is the best online instructor ever. i highly recommend this course to the beginners and everyone who wants to enhance their skills.
The course was refreshing, interactive and interesting. a good mixture of practical and theory with enough time to discuss issues. The course provides an extremely useful tool that will help to improve the overall language
One of the best course I had learned a lot of things from this starting form a very beginnerto understand  the code and how they work like from nothing to something,This will create a lot of interest in python programming.
it's really a nice and organized course for anyone. whatever your background is you will understand and enjoy doing the course and at the end of it you will learn something which will inspire you to learn more programming.
Very good course for a start in programming. I came with no prior knowledge of programming, now feeling confident to explore further. This course is highly recommended for the beginners to get a grip on Python programming.
It was really beneficial course and class. I really enjoyed. it was so interesting too, and I hope you all will make such courses for us, and thank u so much for such an interesting class, good behavior ,best methodology .
That was an amazing experience. Got a clear conception. Very detailed teaching method. Sharing experiences made this course more interesting. I would like to thank Dr. Charles Severance for making this course so lively. :)
Excellent course and amazing professor. Prof. Severance illustrates the concepts in a so easy-to-understand way that even someone like me who has absolutely no background related to this field found it very easy to master.
A very fine way to learn python programming language as the instructor deliver everything quite so smoothly and interesting way that everyone can catch the whole thing very easily. I am really happy with done this course .
This course is amazing. I learned a lot from this. I didn't have any idea about the python language at the beginning. But now I have it. This course is very simple, easy to understand and explains well. Thank you very much
I Enjoyed this course a lot. Very interactive Teaching and all concepts explained very well. And on add-on those talks from technical events with masters of technology were really amazing and informative. Thanks You Sir :)
The course is very beneficial for beginners to programming. The instructor is very through in his teaching and simplifies the contend so anyone could understand. The assignments provided is god to get a base in programming
it does a great job of making the introduction to python painless and easy for even non programmers to understand and learn. I would like to explore more courses offered by coursera. thank you Dr. Chuck for great lectures.
Really good stuff.  I know some programming, so I really appreciated the way Dr Chuck pointed out the key things unique to Python and the slides that we'll be coming back to you.  Very good balance of CS and what you need.
Excellent content and by far the most professional series of instructional lectures I have come across online. Dr Chuck is a great instructor and you can tell he is very passionate about the subject. On to the next course!
Very basic, but the class is Programming for Everybody so it should be.  Should be accessible for most learners and the course assistants are great at helping in the discussion forum for those who need a little extra help.
I really enjoyed this course. The content was clear, well thought out, and entertaining. If you are new to the world of programming and interested in dipping your toes in the pool then I would highly recommend this course.
Great going so far..! I love Dr. Chuck's teaching methods. Also I was really scared of how I'm going to learn pyhton. But this course has helped me learn all basics, now I can start learning advance version and work on it.
Hats off to Prof Charles. Thank you for simplifying the course to such a level. This was an amazing course. Was able to complete it very quickly. Look forward to taking the rest of the course. Thanks a ton for teaching me!
Great course, It was a challenging  and rewarding experience from start to finish. I am looking forward to the rest of the courses. Dr.Severance is an amazing teacher. All I can say is thank you for a first rate education.
This is an excellent course for anyone new to programming. The course is taught at a good pace. It does not rush through essential concepts. The lecturer presents each concept and explains it completely with many examples.
A wonderful course for beginners who wants to get their hands on Python. We feel so attached to the whole course and a big high five for the instructor Mr. Charles for his teaching. Finally thanks Coursera for this course.
Thanks a lot to Prof. Charles Severance for having a such wonderful journey of python. I hope you will coming with some more amazing lectures like this and I am going to definitely join all those.(I love the way you teach)
A really good introduction course of Python with hands-on exercises. The tutor is really interesting, and I had great fun and sense of achievement during the course. I highly recommend it to those who want to learn Python.
This course is a very good complement to the textbook 'Python for Informatics'.  This particular course covers Chapter 1 - 5 only.  For the rest of the book, you'll need to follow the "Python for Everybody Specialization".
I really enjoyed this course, this was my first time learning proper programming and it was taught as well as it is possible to do online. I am really the fan of in-browser python simulator. Big thanks to people behind it.
Great course! Clear and full of examples and helpful exercises. I didn't know anything about Python and now I feel like I can really do something with it. Going to take the next courses in this specialisation - for sure!!!
Great and interesting course introducing Programming in Python! The instructor and his style makes it much easier to remember course content and learn Python. Besides, it was fun, because Dr.Chuck has great sense of humor.
Is an excellent course, i studied programming and i wanted to start in Python.And this course is too easy but it was very helpful to remind concepts and practice from cero, i really loved how the professor was teaching :D
Thank you coursera for this grateful opportunity to learn the Python language also thanks to Michigan university and also our lecturer. I have learnt the basics of the programming language and I will surely continue that.
awesome course to follow for the beginners in  programming. I was able to understood many concepts very clearly that wasn't  clear to me before. highly recommended for the people who are starting their programming career.
Having never done programming before, I genuinely loved this course! Python is a pretty easy and fun language to learn. The prof is amazing and makes the course interesting. Definitely try to write out each code yourself!
I am very happy for learning this course from the Coursera platform and the lecturers are very good and explaining everything very confidently that students can easily understand what they are learning.thank you, Coursera
the course provided by the University of Michigan is really awesome and the instructor i.e. Dr.Chuck is really a good instructor and teaches very well...thank you for providing the course which was a amazing experience...
Well maintained introduction ,was completely able to adhere to what is programming ,why python,and ofcourse instructor was very well balanced he was the one for me who made me stick to the course ;he was quite encouraging
Very Helpful Course for everyone. basically it is the most important those people those beginners in python language. Thanks so much Coursera for this lovely course without any charges. I learnt many more things from this
This is a great course for the ones who are starting programming with Python. If you know programming already then also it's good! You can finish it faster if you know any other language. I finished this course in a week.
This course offered me  the foundational principles in python programming as a beginner in python programming.  I would be forever grateful to the coursera for this eye-opening, insightful and pragmatic learning approach.
This was an excellent entry-level course! I've had no previous coding experience and I found it very easy to follow. The assignments felt like the correct level of challenge for the material. I really enjoyed this course!
The best course i could find for learning basics, most courses skip the very basics which lead to weak base concepts later.  The best course to learn python from the very starting as the course covers the very basics too.
This course is really simple and understandable. This course makes everyone comfortable for all computer background and non-computer background students. The tutor is really good at his explanation. I am really satisfied.
Amazing Instructor, well prepared material. Definitely would continue the specialization.Thanks Dr. Chuck and all your helping staff for spending time and effort in preparing the course content in such amazing way.Bassem.
As a beginner to Python, I found this course very useful as the instructor explains very basic programming concepts. So people who are not familiar to programming would not need any prerequisites to start learning python.
The last programming course I took was in the 1980's. I found this course interesting and challenging. The Dr. Severance gives a great lecture and the teaching staff is very supportive.  I'm looking forward to continuing.
A perfect course for beginners and super easy to learn, understand and implement. Kudos to Mr. Charles Severance for making such a wonderful course for the students who want to learn new languages and develop more skills.
Very good introduction to Python.  If you have programming experience it may be a little slow, but I view that as a bonus as you get to spend more time really learning the syntax of the language with easy data structures.
Ideal for those who are starting in the world of programming, video tutorials well explained, of short duration and you start with simple exercises, when you are leaving the exercises is very satisfactory, I recommend it!
An awesome way to start learning Python. I loved the way Charles explained the basics and I really appreciate his teaching style. I found it pretty easy to solve the assignments and also could easily complete the quizzes.
Great for beginners like me who knew nothing about programming before. I enjoyed this classes unlike other online classes its not boring. Dr Chuk make lots of fun throughout the course which helped me to concentrate more.
Python gives you wings but you will definitely need an Automail expert engineer from Computer Science to attach them with your neural network. Charles Severance is amazing instructor and others will enjoy his classes too.
slides and video lessons were very clear and made my first programming course very easy to follow.  The course followed a very logical path that built on the prior  so you can see how the skills you learned came together.
My first real start to coding in Python. There was no better place and better time as well. The intelligent and fun-to-be-with tutor nailed every topic so great. I learned so much in few days, thanks to Charles Severance.
This is the first online course I 've ever taken and this is beyond my expectation. The course is sequential with the detailed points made by the professor, which is very catchy for a rookie to start. I really like it!!!!
An excellent course taught by an amazing professor! I am really pleased with how professor Charles transmitted this knowledge and gave real meaning to the title "Programming for Everybody". It was a wonderful experience.
Best Python learning course for beginners by far. Specially Dr. Chuck, the instructor for the course is a brilliant tutor and makes learning much more fun. Looking forward for the next specialization offered by the same.
This course is very helpful for my career . I learn the basic thinks of python easily. And also this course was very interesting for me. And also sir Charles Russell an awesome teacher. And Thank you for the certificate.
I can write a program without any second thought. But in this course, I learn lots of insight into computer and engineering in the machine. And lastly, python is a super language for any noob who can fit themselves here.
This is first  course which i have done online and it is good for me. I did not do programming before this course. so it's my lucky course for programming.thanks you for giving me the programming idea and for this course
this course really helpful know about python at the basic level and my instructor charles russell severance providing great knowledge regarding python thank to coursera to achieve me something better to know about python
it was indeed meant for Python for everybody. Some or little knowledge of programming would help you to complete this course quickly then stipulated time period.  Thank you University of Michigan, Dr Charles and Coursera
I was Extremely feeling happy that I'm getting certificate from University of Michigan and very good lectures I got,and also I know somewhat python language before I'm taking this course so I felt easy while I'm learning
Chuck is Brilliant Professor. He made me to develop my interest in python and coding and getting deeper into it. Topics coverage for an beginner like me is very well. I got an good idea and overview regarding the course.
Excellent beginners course for python. Anyone can learn the basics with the topics covered. And end of week assessments help to assess yourself, if you are sincere enough to give them by yourself without taking any help.
This is the best python course for someone who has not dealt with any programming language. Since I have some experiences from Java, I found this course a little bit low level ,yet still useful. Thank you Mr. Severance .
I was just revising my python skills while I came across this course, and have to say this is one of the best courses out there to learn. The professor goes slow for beginners and intermediates can easily go at 2x speed.
Fantastic first course. It explains the fundamental concepts at a good pace, perfect for a person with a non-programing background (myself). Exercises were well structured and suitable for people with minimal experience.
Dr. Chunk give a very great introduction for using python to program, the content is easy to catch up, and Dr.Chunk uses multiple flow chart and block diagrams and lots of example to make me understand the points faster.
thanks to dr chunk he did a very good and hard work to let us gain skills and learn from him ,,  the course content is a very good constructed ,, i really enjoyed each my module :)thanks to dr chunkand thanks to coursera
This was a very easy and gentle approach to programming. I wish there had been more exercises for the Autograder to get additional practice and that the course instructors did not provide starting code in the Autograder.
Good introduction level course for Python and more. Besides learning Python, it's also a good review of programming logic and style. This course is relatively easy if you have experience with other programming languages.
love the teacher sooo much... the lessons are full of enjoyment for entrance-level student. Lots of thanks to Charles and Coursera... thank you so much for providing such a great opportunity for us to learn about Python.
I gave five stars because the course was very easy to follow, the lectures gave a feeling of sitting in a class room and listening to the professor. Secondly, the exercises were good at making me understand the concepts.
I took the first two classes last year when I was trying out coursera. Now that I really want to pursue a python certificate, I'm going for all the classes this time.I highly recommend this class if you're new to python.
This is the best course I have ever tool online .their assessments and quizzes will help you to develop core concepts of this course . if you are beginner of intermediate you should take this course. Thank you coursera.
It is an easy-to-follow course which unpacks the basics of python programming. The professor delivers the course in a comfortable way that attracts me to keep learning and practicing the newly learned skills. Recommend!
It was really beautiful introduction to programming for me i have always been under-confident about  programming in general but this course has give me confidence towards learning more about python and coding in general
Solid introduction to Python with clear video lessons with useful examples.Quizzes and tests were fair and useful to improving understanding.Really enjoyed the interviews with various pioneers in information technology.
I am highly thankful to Dr. Charles, the way he taught the python is just stunning. He proved with his teaching that if your background doesn't relate to Computer Programming, it doesn't matter, Python is for Everybody.
The course is very interesting. Dr Charles Severance explanation is easy to understand and he delivered it in a fun way. This course is suitable for people who don't know about Python at all, or even new to programming.
It was a GREAT course on python basics. The lectures don't bore at all. I have enjoyed the course , It's a great start to the absolute beginners who want to learn python. Thank you, Professor for such an amazing course.
This lesson was for everybody including those who don't have programming background and the lesson is being teach in a simple and profound way that anybody can learn to program in python. I enjoyed the lesson very much.
Its a breeze when learning with coursera, i have no programming background and have a fear towards programming but this course combo with Coursera and Dr. Chuck washed away all my fear...Thank you Coursera and Dr. Chunk
I have found this course very useful to understand basic concepts of Python programming & the way Charles taught was very intuitive & relaxing while learning. Will continue to learn more. Thanks Charles & Coursera Team.
it was an amazing experience with sir and really I don't have any prior knowledge of any language thank you, sir you really teach me what is actual programming and I will join more courses on Coursera. thanks you to all
This course was wonderful. As someone who has always been interested (but very intimidated) in coding, I can't recommend this course enough. The instructor was wonderful, and the material was great for testing yourself.
A very good course and  to start to learn python , because the instructor starts the course from the ground level ,which requires no prior knowledge.And it is hundred percent sure that you are going to like this course.
All lecture videos are really easy to understand. Prof. Severance giving explanation really detail with good and easy logic to understand. And of course, the Team is really helpful and active in the discussion. Love it!
This course is perfect for those seeking a gentle introduction to Python. It takes absolute beginners with no coding experience, and sets them up nicely to participate in further learning to build on these basic skills.
Great Course. The instructor really breaks down the concepts and makes them easily digestible. They also dont hold your hand. While some of the exercises are simple, they progressively load and get harder. Great course.
You just cant go wrong with this specialisation lectures from University of Michigan provided by coursera  , ultimate thanks to Dr Charles Severance for his amazing way of teaching / passing information to his audience.
It was an amazing experience overall, i never really felt like i was in a class ..thats amazing ,and i have learned the foundation of python and can myself dig further as this course has provided me the skills to do so.
I really liked the course it is very interesting and i really liked the way that Dr. Chuck teach us and what i liked most in this course in the bonus part. It's really encouraging to know see those interviews. Thank you
Great introductory course to programming (in Python). Very basic if you have just gone through a similar course for another high-level language (in my case Java), but would doubtlessly be perfect for complete beginners.
Fantastic intro for never having any programming experience. highly recommend it to anyone who's curious but scared of how daunting the challenge of learning computer programming is. Definitely wet my appetite for more!
Really good to refresh or or to start from the beginning... It was clear and hard enough to keep my interest from doing exercise and re-watch videos again. Thanks for the course! I have been browsing for quite a while..
A great course on Python and Thanks to Dr. Charles for his interesting lectures that never boring time ever for the duration of this course...  Loved every single minute of this course...  Thanks a lot Dr. Charles...!!!
very interesting and useful course for beginner. Strongly recommended for person who wants to learn programming language but thinks it's too hard. With this great teacher the programming learning will be easy and funny.
I'm new to programming and I learnt so much. Most of all, the teacher is very enthusiastic about teaching and his lessons were so much fun, which enabled me to continue until I completed the course. Thank you very much!
This course is a great start for someone who wants to starts coding from the scratch. Coding assignments are designed on the bases of topic of the section.  I appreciate that the course as well as the textbook are free!
Really enjoyed this course. The professor has made learning Python very interesting through various examples and explaining the actual concepts before bringing in the technical aspects. Hope to finish the entire course.
Wonderful lecturer! I have programming background so I skipped a few lectures. I believe this is truly a good module for beginners without programming experience as the lecturer goes detailed in explaining the concepts.
Dr. Chuck is one of the best trainer in IT, I have seen in my 16 years of career. I am also a trainer and running training institute but I have not seen anyone close to Dr. Chuck, I wish I learn from him and help others
Professor Charles Russell is a wonderful and joyous teacher who makes this course look so easy and interesting. The first course to the python specialisation taught the basic programming syntaxes and how to apply them.
Oh .... This was a great course .In the starting of the course I felt some nervous about the course later on I got interest because of sample programming . Now I got some basis on python from nothing.Thanks to coursera
This wasn't as easy as I had thought, especially the final assignment. Nonetheless, it really dived deep into the fundamentals of Python programming. I struggled a bit in the last quarter of class, but it was worth it.
This opened my mind to a whole new way of thinking when it comes to coding. I could see this as being so useful in my line of work. I definitely encourage those wanting to start coding to take this introductory course.
Awesome course. Met its objective and helped me build confidence in Python programming. Its a good step to start. Also, the teaching methodology of Dr. Chuck is awesome. He makes us feel that programming is really fun.
Really good introduction to python, having completed a bachelors of science in mathematics, the concepts of this course were pretty straightforward for me, but a nice introduction in to the foundations of using python.
Excellent course for a person with a non-technical background. The assignments were really helpful. The instructor kept me glued to the course all the time and as a result, I could complete the course enthusiastically.
this is nice i love this course and our instructor Dr. chuck severance he is a best teacher and his teaching style is motivated students to do something. and i got what i want thank you Dr. Chuck and thank you Coursera
Wonderful course for people who want to startoff with programing but do not have a basic knowledge of programing & wonderful clase for Phyton basics bit slow for people who know programing but want to learn only phyton
I finished the course in no time thanks to the very clear explanation of the instructor. Really, it can't get any simpler! I highly recommend it to anyone would like to start some Python or even programming in general.
I am so happy that I went through this course, It was explained in a very simple manner, which make it so easy for me to assimilate, Thank you University of Michigan, Thank you Professor Chuck, and Thank you Coursera .
Great course for beginners.I am also a beginner .I started learning python from coursera and i think i have gathered some knowledge from the course which will encourage me to know more about python .Thank you Dr.chuck.
Pretty good for a totally beginner in programming. But if you like me, have some experience in other languages it seems too easy, but it's also good for me to get a clear review on what I have learnt in other languages
Amazing course taught by Professor Charles Severance!! I had no background of any programming language, after completing this course I am more confident of continuing with Introduction to Data Science in Python course.
Instructor does a great job in explaining foundation programming concepts to new learners. Highly recommended if you don't have any prior programming experience. Was a little too easy for me but a great way to refresh.
Grat course, excellent professor! It is quite easy to successfully complete the course even without any experience in programming. Moreover the professor's sense of humor makes the process funny as well as interesting.
An overview of the basic things about python, you can finish this in one week, if you have previous basic coding experiences.This course can help you know the difference between python and other languages. Good course!
Great introductory course to Python & programming. I thought the lectures that focused on the hardware and how your computer works/computes were unique to programming classes and were helpful for beginners like myself.
I like all the vivid examples and the hand-drawn chart used in the class. The break-up of each class is also great. I feel I learn new things every week without stretching too far. The assignment is buiding up as well.
This is an awesome course for learning Python, Dr Chuck is great in teaching you how to program on Python, the videos , worked example , assignments and quizzes are all excellent. I can't rate this course highly enough
great classes and they were very helpful in understanding basic operations of python language.By doing this course my interest towards this language was increased and motivated me to-warding exploring more using Python
It was a great course , I loved the way python language was started from the top and taken to a  good level from where I can learn all about it and make some cool projects and also do more with and in computer science.
Best course for a beginner. Professor Charles Severance is excellent at teaching. The contents were easy to follow with a very clear explanation. Highly recommended. I'm very happy that I had this course. Thanks a lot.
So far so good, I recommend the course to anyone wanting a start in the programming world. Would like some other exercises to practice more. I know this would make the logistics more complex but this could be optional!
Great course that covers the basics of programming with python (conditionals, functions, loops). Pace is a bit slow if you have other programming experience, but you can really just fast forward through the easy stuff.
It was a very basic course for beginners like me,which helped to build a strong base for python from the start.the best part of the course is the lecturer charles severance, sir is one of the best lecturer i have seen.
It's a very good course for beginners for python. The course material is put together very well. The assignments are not really challenging if you already know programming, but for beginners it should be very exciting.
Although its an online course,I felt the sessions were very engaging, the concepts were broken down into pieces and were presented in a very easy way !! Thanks to Dr.Chuck to make this a fantastic experience for me !!
This course is really helpful for me, professor Chunk is really good at clarifying concepts and analyzing examples. Thanks a lot, now I get the basic programming in python and I will continue to working on it. Thanks!
Dr. Charles was brilliant, all the course content were relatively easy to follow. The explanation and the methodology use was just perfect. I am  defiantly interested to continue advancing my  skill and keep learning.
Excelent course, the instructor is at first level, the importance of knwoing how to use python and the tool to practice with not need of install python is amazing, I recommend this course and go on with the next ones.
The explanation was simply brilliant and for a person who had absolutely zero knowledge about coding, this was a great morale booster. I would highly encourage anyone to start their journey of coding with this course.
The course is very useful for beginners. Very easy to understand and grasp basic concepts of python.Instructor is very friendly and explains everything in super understandable way. Very much satisfied with the course.
This course was very helpful for me to have a very good grasp over Python programming. Prof. Chuck is indeed a great teacher helping students to learn from scratch. I am glad I have successfully completed this course.
This is my first step in the world of computer programming before that I think that programming is not my cup of tea, thanks to my teacher Dr. Charles, after his guidance now I believe the whole pot of tea is mine :-)
First of all i have no knowledge about python but after taking this course i got the basic ideas about python.Thank you  coursera for providing such a facilities and help the needy students their skills. Thanks a lot.
Super course! You made me, a person who got completely stuck with Visual Basic in the bachelor time and therefore hating programming on its whole, to enjoy and to love Python! I will definitely continue! Thanks a lot!
Python for everybody by the University of Michigan is my first experience. Course content is very good. Moreover instructor's teaching methodology is very appealing. I and enjoying both course and instructor's videos.
Very clear, very suitable for anyone who never has basic knowledge of coding. I feel becoming smarter after taking the course since I had a strong fear of reading codes (something seems that I'd never understand!)  :P
It is very useful to take this courses, and the professor and the material are so great, which helped me gain the basic knowledge and simple application of python. I am looking forward to taking the following courses!
Amazing course! The material is very well explained and Dr. Chuck makes the online tutorials in a very fun way which makes learning more enjoyable. Would recommend to anyone looking to begin their programming journey.
Thank you for helping me getting started with learning a new language. It has provided me motivation to go deeper into python programming. But, I must say, the course is a very good platform for someone new to coding.
It was really good time to be part of this training program and I really enjoy my practical class. So thank you for giving me this opportunity!
Thanks to COURSERA, Dr. Charles Severance and Team for such a nice Course
Really great course for beginners. The teacher is funny and the teaching materials are excellent. The pace is somewhat slow, but if you are taking this course next to your regular job or studies that is actually nice.
I enjoy this learning path with Dr. Severance. He made the course fun and easy to digest. I love the fact that I can learn with my own pace. I also enjoy the satisfaction from solving problems through the assignments.
This course is really excellent and inspiring. I really hope that my teachers in the really world can learn from the teaching styles of Coursera and improve their teaching which is kind of ineffective and uninspiring.
As a beginner I don't know where to start and what to practice. This course took me in a ride which helped me to learn python basics and while learning videos and resources that are available made me feel comfortable.
For folks that have never programmed this class does a really good job of explaining the basics in very understandable terms.  wish it had a way to advance past basics into syntax for those that understand the basics.
Although, this was my first time with python, I was up and running with a few basic codes in as few as two classes. The instructor is amazing and I enjoyed this course. Thank you Prof. Severance and the Coursera team.
This course is perfect for starters. I've learnt some Java and C++ before, but I discovered some fun and useful ideas in this begainer's course. Thanks to Pro. Severance, again I find programming easy and interesting.
This course has really helped me to built  a strong fundamental concept in Python. Charles Severance was really good at explaining the fundamental concepts. Hope to continue further Python courses with him. Thank you.
a very good course for those who are just starting coding without any previous knowledge of any programming language. Also very helpful for people like me transitioning from a different programming language to python
An excellent course if anybody wanted to learn python. The Teaching Faculty is exceptional. If anyone want to learn basic's of python programming, I would highly recommend you all to take this course and complete it.
Together with David Malan from Harvard University, Charles Severance is a genius at conveying knowledge in a compact and understandable way. The course is suitable for absolutely everybody, no matter how old you are.
This course was really enjoyable and very easy for the ones who know another programming language. Professor Severance is a great instructor. I'm looking forward to completing the next courses of this specialization.
This course was extremely easy to follow and the instructor was probably the best I've had. Goes into detail and explains all the mechanics so you can understand why you're doing something. Would recommend to anyone!
I had a rough experience with Python before taking this course. But this course has changed it.Now I am curious to learn more about Python and to improve my knowledge in it.Thanks Coursera, for this wonderful course.
Excellent introduction to Programming in general and to Python specifically. Dr. Charles approach is very easy to understand and follow. I'll continue with the specialization on my way to develop useful applications.
Very good introduction to programming with python. Really goes in detail through the basics of programming and python. Although it covers only really basic things since there are other courses in this specialization.
I am really great full to the coursera community that they considered me for such a great course which helps in all round development of programming skills, it really teaches you each and everything you need to know.
This was my first online course. It was a very well taught course. Absolutely enjoyed taking it, and I am glad that I took it. Very well-planned course, even for the beginners as it starts from the basics. Loved it!!
Very clear (maybe too clear as for experienced C/C++ programmer), but I want to learn Python! and I find it amusing to work with code on a basic level, what makes my motivation very high. Glad I joined this course :)
The instructor is engaging to listen too. I had already taken another beginner Python course before this one, but I learned a number of things in this class. Most notably, I have a much better understanding of loops.
This is exactly how you want to begin to get your feet wet.  Or, if you're like me and haven't touched a programming language in more than 20 years, it is a great chance to begin to explore the advances in the field.
Very properly designed course, never felt left out on any topic throughout the entire course.It gives the proper introduction to python as a language and generates interest for learning further about this language !!
This course teaches you the basic to python language, from using if, elif, else, creating for and while loops, learning about expressions and variables and types. It is a very good introduction to Python programming.
Loved the lectures and the problems were really challenging as it test my knowledge that I have gathered from the lecture and also I really enjoyed the way Dr. chuck taught ! Altogether It was really nice and helpful
I have taken many intro to python courses and gained little knowledge. This course broke things down simply and helped me to understand the reasoning behind the programming. The instructor is great! Highly recommend.
The material was presented in a very dynamic, incremental, and engaging way.  Dr. Severance does a great job at teaching in a way that loops you into thinking to arrive at the solution as opposed to just telling you.
This is the best foundation course I have ever taken for Python. Dr. Chuck was amazing in explaining the details of the course in the most effective way (with some humor in between :-) ) Will be coming back for more!
I've tried multiple introductory coding courses and never been able to stick with any of them.  I really love how this course is designed to be taken in small stages so I feel like I'm always accomplishing something.
I love that this course explains everything from a very beginner and basic understanding! As someone coming from an entirely different field, the descriptions and explanation for Python is great! Thank you so much :)
I found this course very clear.  It was almost a little slow for me because I have programmed in the past, but it was a great way to get back up to speed on the vocabulary, architecture and principles of programming.
Very informative and the combined work on the textbook and the video resources allows you to learn very quickly. I had no previous programming experience whatsoever, but I found it very enjoyable and I learned a lot!
It is really wonderful python course for those who have no basic sense with programming at all. Dr. Chuck is very inspiring and as well humorous, which makes this course effective and not so exhausting. Great course!
the course is very very good for people to learn. I like the teacher so much who gives simple instructions and makes it easy to follow. I really really appreciate this course!!!! And hope to learn more about this!!!!
I would highly suggest a large degree of patience.  I am new to program and this required a large portion of patience to complete this section.  I will stay focused and complete the additional courses.  great course.
I have some background in programming (not advanced), so some of this was review, but it is a GREAT introduction to the world of programming, for anybody--as long as you have the interest, this is the place to start!
It's a great intro course to PythonProfessor Severance is really great and brings it down to the lowest level one can understand. The assignment tool is pretty great as well. Gives you the errors you need to work on.
Basic but thorough. Useful if you're a beginner as it starts from scratch or if you're a seasoned developer in other programming languages as it shows you the subtleties of Python. The interviews are interesting too.
This course was really helpful. As I had knowledge of java and a bit of c programming , I found it quite similar to some extent. These basic building blocks will surely prove to be fruitful for advance Python coding
A good course for Beginners.Starts with the very basics of python.The instructor explains each and every concept in an easy and understandable manner.Highly recommended for anyone wanting to get started with python.
This was a very good course that taught me a lot. This course is very important for me when i am applying  for python coding job. Thank you University of michigan for a learning  me python course.Thank you Coursera.
I love the way instructor teach for this course ,it makes much easier to understand. Really helpfull.Thank you for designing such a marvelous course. I do not have lapi so I unable to do more course. That is a miss.
Fantastic experience, like how the quizzes are structured to cement the new concepts, The assignments are challenging to a beginner. Would recommend to everyone who is slightly interested in python and data science.
Even though I am not a novice programmer, it was my first time following a course from the complete basis and i really enjoyed the pace, path and approach to the topic. I can't wait to continue with the next courses
As a sophemore student major in Software engineering, the content of this class is too easy. Yet it's the most interesting class I have ever taken in programming language. I will continue my journey in next part. :)
Dr Chuck is very easy and fun to listen to. He is good and clear with 
explanations. I also have enjoyed some of the Bonus interviews. Looking 
forward to taking the next course in the sequence (on Data Structures).
Excellent course. One of the first online courses that I have completed once starting. Lectures were short and informative, and the end of week quizzes and assignments gave opportunities to check learning and apply.
I like how is structured the course and the instructor is awesome. My first language is not English and I could understand everything. The course boost me up to continue learning Python programming language. Thanks!
This course is best for learning programming for first time / non programmers. None of the other courses match the carefully aligned content of this course which gets the job done without intimidating it's learners.
The course was awesome. It gave a very nice introduction to the python language. It was comparatively easier than the course 3 so it highly motivated me to learn the python language even further. Thankyou Dr. Chuck.
I loved the course, it made coding easy for everyone to understand step by step. Super nice course organization with simple-to-follow lectures & hands-on practices! Definitely going to continue on to the next level!
Charles Severance has an elegant way of approaching this topic and eases you in comfortably. I've taken many programming courses and this is one of the very few I've stuck to the end. Thank you for helping me learn!
This is really good course to start with python. Being a software engineer, I am able to complete the course by just reading slides, but I highly recommend to go through videos for someone who is new to programming.
I'm new to programming. Charles is excellent and helped me build some strong foundation in programming for python. Looking forward to complete the specialization. don't dread learning more of programming any longer!
What an awesome course! I like Python way better than JavaScript. The instructor in this course made all the difference! I appreciated how you have to dig for the answers to the assignments.... no hand-holding here!
Good content, delivered understandably.  I like having python installed on my machine.  Another class uses jupyter notebooks online and you don't quite get a feel for how the code can interact with your own machine.
I am grateful for having such a humorous lecturer and a joyful journey about Python. I thought it would be difficult to learn as a computing beginner, however, in this course I have gained the courage to learn more.
Great way to introduce someone into Python from the start. As I have previous experience with Java, it was definitely a refresher to see how much simpler Python is compared to Java in terms of syntax and structures.
Great Classes! Really help me to get started with my python study! The professor is clear in explaination and homurous as well. Good class for beginners! I will absolutely recommend it and keep on learning the secon
Great for absolute beginners to programming. The prof. makes it fun. People who already know a prog.language would be able to grasp the basic constructs and finish the course in an hour or so by skipping some parts.
Hands down the best MOOC course I've taken so far. Charles is not only extremely intelligent and creative when it comes to explaining the content of the course, but his sense of humor lightens the load of the class.
Had to make this course more than one time due to agenda conflict. However it is by far the best course for those who wants to start learning about programming.If you are a beginner, this is where you want to start!
I found the course instructor to be very friendly and he made the course very interesting. The course is surely beneficial for keen learners like me with zero knowledge of programming. I really enjoyed this course.
Dr Chuck is an excellent teacher for beginners and veterans alike. He is clear, concise and very detailed. The pace of the material is well designed. If every class was like this, the world would be a better place!
An amazing course for getting started with python, I took this course with no prior knowledge about python & now after completing I have learned a lot about python. Great course content and an excellent Instructor!
The course is so much fun! But even though the beginning looks easy peasy, the end will define your success. Do not rush and enjoy! I don't know, but Dr. Chuck's humor is very thin and he is a very great pedagogue!
It was a very useful course and it has helped me acquire all the basics in python. If you are a beginner that is even if you do not even know what python is I would recommend this course to you. Thanks to Coursera.
I Love this Course for Python Programming Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan and also University of Sindh for getting me opportunity and Specially to Sir Charles Severance.. Love This Thanks for everything.
Thank you  so much Charles Severance sir, it was a great time to gain knowledge and get familiar with programming .
     Thank you so much sir for everything .
      Looking forward to join your other courses too .
Very good course, if you have other experience with other language it would be easier....nevertheless it is still a pretty good one even if you don't. Looking forward to take the next ones and learn more of python!
Great course! This was my first time trying coding of any sort and I really enjoyed it. While I feel like what I learned is probably very basic I also feel like I've learned a great deal and am eager to learn more.
I enjoyed learning python from this course. Dr.Chuck is an amazing teacher. His way of teaching programming language is quite unique and I loved it. Finally this course will surely help me in my coding foundations.
Loved it ! The exercise/assignment provided at the last was excellent since it covered all the topic ideas used till now. The pace at which Dr. Chuck taught was perfect for any student whether beginner or advanced.
Great beginners course, as someone who has taken other CS classes at university, I can attest that Professor Severance is the person you want to be learning from. Great explanations, doesn't make the subject boring
Alot better than other beginner python classes iv taken. some iv taken expect me to know things that i was never taught. this class iv never had to use anything i haven't learned directly from the course materials.
A great introduction for someone who knows nothing about programming - Step by step & you have all the help in the world if you need it. I love the lecturer - the references to monty python - A thrill to listen to.
I found this course helpful to start python, so that i want to thank the university and the teachers for this great effort, and i want also to thank coursera community for letting me had  this certificate for free.
I have said awesome enough times for this course. I loved all the tutorial videos, though tutorial would be a really kind of not enough word of expression. I am definitely coming back for the other courses up next.
Thank you !I am 37 years old and hadn't done programing since college. I'm glad to pick up this course and update myself. It's very learning - friendly and well structured. Gonna learn the rest the next 2-3 months.
The course needs a lot of worked examples both simple and complex to make the student ready. Other than that the course is superb. Let the audit access assignments and everything just like accessing the autograder.
Looking at the powerful nature of Python and the advanced usage of it in the IT industry, I decided to do it and i must say i enjoyed it thoroughly and would recommend everyone to do this specialisation completely.
Was very interesting and useful. Would recommend to my friends ad colleagues. Session of Dr. Chuck was really Interesting. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck for my first course on Coursera. Looking forward to the next course.
The course explains the basic concepts of programming in a way that is easy to understand, and with a bit of humour too. I really enjoyed it and can recommend this course for all who are beginners into programming.
Big compliment to Dr. Chuck and his team for the great course "Programming for Everybody, getting started with Python". Feels like a face to face course. Love the way Dr. Chuck explains the patterns of programming.
Excellent course. Very well organized and prepared by teachers. Bonus videos with Massimo Banzi, Guido van rossum and others were awesome. Thank you so much for putting together such a beautiful course on Python :)
Excellent course to get started with Python. Even though I had prior experience of basic C coding I found this course useful in understanding the variations that exist between the two languages in a concise format.
The course offer great study material which is easy to understand for someone who is taking a programming course for the first time.Although the assignments are easy for me, I believe they are good for a beginner.
Great Course! Clear explanation and easy to understand. Would definitely recommend to friends and people interested in coding. Wish for harder exercises. Thank you again for the great course and amazing resources!
I have learned a lot of amazing things during the course. I just loved this course, everything is explained very beautifully and in detail. Thank you for creating this course and thank you to Charles Sir for this.
This course provide an easy way to learn python even for one who doesnot  have any idea about programming and also it clears the basic very smoothly. This is a very helpful course in the path to learn programming.
Very easy to understand and complete. The lectures are not tiring, and the exercices are really intuitive, helping you apply what you've learned through the lessons. A great way to begin programming as a beginner.
Dr. Chuck Sir is so amazing in explaining the basics of python programming, i am so much feeling blessed with his teaching!Thank you a lot for making programming so much easier,cant wait to start learning further.
The professor teaching the course presents the material in a very clear, concise, fashion. You start off learning and doing code, and it continues its momentum throughout. No time is wasted, very much recommended.
It was worth of spending time. I personally felt better with programming knowledge after doing this course. This kindled spark in me to enroll with more and more courses. Thank you for creating such opportunities.
It's amazing experience while learning this course.It gives a clear vision and helps to grasp concepts very quickly.Experts help alot as they share their experience.Thank You for such incredible learning process..
I didn't know a thing about Python before this course and about programming itself -  but now I started to understand it bit by bit. So this course is fantastic - highly recommend anyone who wants to learn Python.
This course is very helpful in learning the basics of python and all about programming. The content covered in this course is very useful and interactive gives all the skills that are required for the programming.
This was a great experience to me but i want to suggest if its possible than please add some more basic topic which is used frequently in day to day programming like exception handling, file handling etc.Thank you
This is an in depth and comprehensive start to programming, computer science and Python.  Prof Severance is engaging and draws out these fundamental concepts in an uncomplicated manner.  Glad to have started here!
this course is very good for beginner. I love the professor and I can understand every single word he said. the assignment is good for me to practice and it reflects what I learnt in class. so, it is a good start.
very good for the one who is learning to program but for the person who is already aware of programming constructs, this course is kind very basic and lot of time is wasted to hear the stuff which one already know
It is a great course to start first exposure. If you are trying to break into coding and programming world, please be prepared to be frustrated. However, you need to know that this will pass be patient :) Have fun
Very well explained, extremely helpful content, much motivation involved and excellent evaluation methods. I'd recommend it to everybody who wants to embark the path of programming. This is a great place to start.
This is a great course, I love the delivery. It has increasing difficulty from one chapter to the next and the bonus/interview section motivates you to continue with the course. A excellent resource for beginners.
This course undoubtedly is one of the best knowledgeable and exciting experience that I had ever had in programming ... the instructor, the quizzes and assignments are, in fact, unparalleled and is worth taking :)
Actually, the course is just pretty easy knowing that i got a background in other programming languages. Now, i'm ready to move on to the next level. Thank you for the team who made Python easy for us. More power.
Awesome experience of learning Python basic in such short period of time. The way the instructor explained makes the subject matter very easy even for a non-programmer like me. I am very satisfied with the course.
A person may find many courses online but it is hard to find a great teacher. Thank you Dr. Chuck for developing this course. It is an excellent course for someone who is getting started with computers and coding.
Really well done. I think of all the different online courses I tried, this is the one that helped push me through to start seeing coding as less of a thing to be feared and more of a language that can be learned.
It is a really passionate course. For the first time here in coursera I'm really motivate to finish it all (weel, I've tried few courses). Congrats to all people from this course, specially Mr Severance.Thank you!
I loved the course! It was exactly what I was looking for - start learning to programme from scratch. The teacher was good as well (and really funny :D), always giving very detailed explanations and good examples.
I like Dr. Severances' style, so far. His videos are engaging and fun to watch. I also appreciate that the textbook is available for free, as well as a ton of other Python free resources, for the sake of learning.
I truly enjoyed the presenter, the text book, exercises and layout of the module. I started completely clueless. I still struggle with typebacks, but I am now able to start problem solving. Truly valuable course!
I can not thank you enough to the instructor for making python so simply  explained to us. I feel like learning it more and more with the instructor. Bonus videos are like chutney to the delicious meal of python.
Exceptional, lively instruction by Prof. Charles Severance. This is one of the courses that has the classroom vibe. The assignments and the content gradually grow in difficulty and is thus, apt for self-learners.
Very Good course, especially for students who have no programming experiences so for with the basics of python programming and the lectures were great. Thanks to Mr.Charles Severance, as his lectures was awesome.
Just start with confident and Professor Charles Russell Severance is Awesome!He knows how to teach and keep your attention all along. I wish that one day I will get a chance to meet him person and learn from him!
Excellent course, I am very happy to have done this course, it helped me understanding better how Python works, understanding the meaning and how loops work. I am very keen to do courses directed by this teacher.
Great Course, good content, great lecture videos and tricky assignments. The highlight of this course is really the assignments, which cannot be solved unless you have a clear picture of the corresponding chapter
This Course is designed in such a way that people with no coding background could easily understand the flow of lecture and explanation. Though The Professor Dr. Chucks make it interesting and fun while teaching.
Its exactly as the description says, a beginner course. Very conveniently put together, Slow pace course . Really helps you to get started with python very nicely and smoothly. Thank you for providing this course
It's very best app to learn from beginner to advance.It will be beneficial for all those who have enrolled this course. It's very easy to understand because of course guide really I am very very thankful to them.
Very Good and smooth introduction for true beginners. However, for those with any level of programming background it could contain more content and language details in the same time span to speed up the learning.
A very beginner friendly course, very understandable even to those who do not know other programming languages. Did not face any issue with the auto grader until the very last assignment otherwise it was perfect.
i did not know much abt python when I started this course and when the course is named python for everyone it really is python for everyone. I enjoyed this course a lot and look forward to doing the second part:)
If someone want to learning with none programming experience, this is the suitable course for him. Charles is really a fantastic teacher, if you not only learning python but also the import concept in programming
It was an awesome experience learning with charles  sir and i found all the quizzes and assignments very interesting Thank you charles sir,University of Michigan and Muffakham jah college for providing the course
It is very interesting. I enjoyed the video classes. I should say that the course is at a very introductory level. So, it is really designed for those who do not have any knowledge of programming or about Python.
Enjoyed the teachers enthusiasm and want to teach everyone even the most beginner of programers.  Also was very easy to do everything asked in order to be successful. Can't wait to see what course 2 has to offer.
Those who don't have a prior programming knowledge will find it easy and those who already know a little bit of programming, this will be easier. Most importantly it covers every single basic knowledge of python.
Dr. Charles is amazing and explains everything in a very lucid manner by giving examples from the real world that you can relate to. I would highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to start programming.
the course was nicely explained. all the joke and real life example make it more interesting but the peice of code search the most occuring word in a paragraph is still not taught even when the course is complete
This is doable for anyone who has interest to learn coding, in this case, learning about Python. Dr Chuck has made it pretty simple to digest, learn and understand even if you have never learn or done any coding.
I truly enjoyed this course. It was fun and interesting even when I thought the last assignment would beat me...ha ha. I loved every moment of this course! Thank you for giving me a strong foundation for Python!!
A great beginner course for anyone who wishes to embark on their journey in the world of programming. Excellent coursework, incandescent teacher, awesome explanations with great analogies! Couldn't be any better.
The course was easy to follow and fit into my life between other things (work, son). The content was interesting and explained clearly. Exercises could have been harder, or at least less like the text / examples.
Wonderful class.  Really helped me refresh my understanding of python.  Also made me realize there was still a lot I did not know.   The professor was great and he articulated the material wonderfully. Thank you!
Dr. Severence's videos are highly informative and he goes step-by-step through the material in a simple and straightforward way. Free pdf book. Free help from course mentors for each week's homework. Great class!
It's an excellent introductory course for beginners in Python. I had no programming experience or knowledge before I took this class, and now I got a basic understanding of this fascinating world. "Hello, World!"
Awesome for Beginners in Programming! Must take this course if you are an early learner and this course is very much focussed on basics and foundations and then it teaches the concepts binding those fundamentals.
A really well-paced introduction for getting started with python. Even though I have programming experience, the lectures really covered the basics very well and gave me a good foundation to further learn python.
I started this course from scratch  without knowing any idea of programming.A series of well-designed lectures helpd me to keep moving forward step by step.I really appreicate Dr.Chuck.Have fund with this course!
Very nice class. I enjoyed all the lectures, especially how Dr. Chuck conveys a concept comparing with real world things. It was nice of him to show us the motherboards and how each component works in a computer.
I would honestly like to have more quizzes and assignments for extra practice and engagement. I love this course so much. Moreover, this was my first online course ever on an online education platform. Stunning.
This is my second Python course. Course is excellent for beginners. Instructor is very good and keeps your attention on the course. Coursera is a good platform collecting necessary things for teaching. Thanks...
Literally I love the course and learned the basics of programming and Python. And I wanna say thanks to the Coursera team for providing such a course. Last but not least I'll be grateful that I took this course.
It is an amazing course where you can learn the basics of programming. It´s quite interesting understand the way you can communicate with your computer. Thank you to all the people who make possible this course.
When I started this course, I know only the basics of Python, but with this course, I learnt the basics in detail. Thanks a lot to Charles Russell Severance sir, the way you explained the course is Excellent!!!!
it's really a helpful course for beginners. Usually, online courses are boring. But this course is capable to hold the interest of the learners. Also, I become a fan of  Dr. Charles Severance during this course.
Excellent introduction into Python. I've particularly enjoyed Dr Chuck's style - very engaging! Also try reading the free book 'Python for Everybody', which goes alongside the course, to make the most out of it.
This is a wonderful course. I would highly recommend this to anyone, even for the people without any prior knowledge about coding. It is a good start for anyone who has an interest in learning about programming.
yeah!!!!Actually i learned from other sources by their video lecture earlier, but the way MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY and charles sir taught is very appropriate and give me a epic way to understand the basicsThank you!!
I would like to Thank Coursera for this wonderful course. I also would like to thank Mr. Charles Russell Severance for such amazing, Interactive, and fun learning. Looking forward to attending your more classes.
Best online course for the beginners. It will slowly take down to the deep level. That's why you did not realize how complex it is gonna be. It will surely motivate you to take the next course like it did to me.
Mr Severance is one of the best instructors I have come across so far. His teaching seems effortless and the course content was just right. It included all that a beginner should know and the exercises were fun.
it is a great course for one who has some knowledge about programming but didn't go further into it and wants to restart.I didn't like the C/C++ syntax so left programming at an early stage but python is love...
learning python using online platform coursera is really a wonderful experience. i have enjoyed a lot during classes and the assignments are very tricky and good. i would recommend every one start using coursera
This was a very very nice course !!! Dr.Chuck taught python very nicely and appreciably !!!I recommend all of you to continue the second part of this course i.e. data structures which also a very good course !!!
Fantastic course for beginners. Apt content, interactive modules, great instructors and a lively forum makes this course even more beautiful. Some more good resources will make this course even better i believe.
Excellent, Lecture videos were broken into small parts whereby it's easy to understand and digest. Assessment given were relevant to what was taught for each segment. Navigating around course contents were easy.
The instructor is very informative and is very good at explaining the basics of Python to a complete novice.The coding examinations are actually quite challenging, allowing you to put your knowledge to the test.
A very interesting course that teaches you basics of data structures and lets you build on that and explore. The instructor explains the concepts in a very lucid way, which lets us grasp the concepts right away.
Very powerful and good teacher, really good. Very easy explanations, very deep knowledge. Self-confidence. Great in few words. If you want to start to learn Python, that's the course and that's the teacher. Sure
This is a well built course for people who know nothing or just a little bit about the programming on python. Dr. Severance explains everything quite simple and understandable sometimes using some cool examples.
Prof. Severance has made learning Python easy and fun! Two thumbs up. Hats off to him for taking time to write a book on Python Programming and making it available for everyone - free. Thank you Prof. Severance.
This course if very well presented for both individuals that are new to programming and those that have been away from programming for a few years that need a refresher before moving on to more complex programs.
Very nice course, but very simple for people that already has experience in programming (I have a lot of experience in VBA and Matlab, although none in Python). I guess the next courses will be more challenging.
Prof. Severance is a fantastic teacher. I'm so happy to see people like him committed to good quality learning for everyone. I got the print version of the book, which helped me go though the course more easily.
I am glad as i could never think to learn programming so easily.As i am other than computer science background i was literally thinking that it would be tough to me but now  i have a confidence that i can do...
Exceptionally outstanding. I loved the Instructor Dr Chuck. He is a legend in teaching and I highly recommend. I really do love his style of teaching and passing on the concepts. So its definitely a 5 out of 5.
The course was very helpful in upgrading my knowledge. Really enjoyed learning python. The plactical questions in every topic really helped me in understanding syntax and minimising errors while writing a code.
Instructor sir Dr. Charles Russell Severance's lectures are very useful and easily understandable. After all I have enjoyed this course very much. Its my wish to meet Dr. Severances in future.Thank you sir.. :)
A very helpful course for all the ones that want to start career in programming. The instructor starts teaching for very beginning like how computer works. Overall its a very nice course and easy to understand.
Thank You Sir.Well Explained With good examples.Thank You for providing those bonus videos of great inventors and tech builders.Like to continue this Course.Understandable and Well taught.Its Good for beginners
Tasted the flavor of Python. All the sessions were very simple and encouraged the beginner like me to fall in love with Python. Practice sessions were really wonderful. Wish to continue learning Python further.
first of all thank you very much prof. Charles Russell Severance. You are amazing faculty. Your teaching style boost confidence in me. This course is very good for one who don,t know anything about programming.
This course Programming for everybody, getting started with python is really very good, interesting, interactive and efficient. This course really helps in learning and brushing up the basic concepts of Python.
Those who have basic knowledge of Programming Skills and switch to Python this course and Coursera platform is very effective. Given Superb inputs. Thanks to All who are supporting  and executing this platform.
Very Excellent study in this course and this course teacher teach very easy and simple way thank you sir for learned python and i suggest all learner must join and learn this course throw and thank you coursera
it was extremely helpful for me because I didn't have a modicum of programming knowledge and now  I wrote a complete while loop. I am excited to see what's next. Thank you, COURSERA  and Dr. Charles was amazing
Well, I didn't saw the lectures completely as I was pretty familiar with the language. But for beginners this course is really good as it tests your basic understanding of the programming fundamentals in python
Professor Chuck has a very charming and informative way of teaching that we don't find in teachers these days. Thanks a lot for giving us this opportunity to learn an be a part of this growing Python community.
excellent course . got to know about the basics of python programming.i knew c language before so didnt have much problem learning through this course .i would like to further take the course on data structures
The course is structured really well and the pace is perfect. Dr. Severance explains the material in a simple and enjoyable way. Highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to get started with programming
Very good introduction to Python language. Short, clear, Charles explains everything in simple words and examples. For those who never worked with Python this course will be very useful. Very good job, Charles!
Good course to get started on python, the way it is explained by Charles Severance is amazing as anyone with no prior programming knowledge can easily learn, Thanks Charles and Coursera for the wonderful course
Excellent communicative skills by Prof. Severance, and a very well structured introductory course to Python! The overall flow was very good and it kept me interested at all times. I highly recommend the course.
I am new to programming and tried other resources before . I must say that this is one of the best courses that i have come across till now. The teaching method is simple, concise and very effective. Thank You.
Professor Severance explained the concepts very well with analogies, which made it easier to understand the course! Would definitely recommend this course to others!Thank You for sharing your knowledge with us.
This is my 1st course with Cousera and thanks to Charles Severance for the introduction to Python programming. His experience is shown in the form of materials, assignments, explanation with real-time examples.
This course is really very helpful for beginners. I goes through every basics concepts of python, solved every assignments and programming quizzes. It's really helped me in understanding all concepts of python.
I wish we had went through a lot more in looping especially "for" loop because I still don't know at this time if we would have to spell out every single loop like for (1,2,3,4,5,6...) instead of for (1 to 10).
It is a very good course for the beginners as well as experienced programmers. Mr.Charles has explained the course very well and it certainly boosts the confidence of the programmer to take up complex projects.
Dr. Chuck makes it easy to wrap your head around the (initially) obtuse language of Python, that humans use to issue commands to machines. Just remember, Traceback Error is not to be feared, but to be expected!
An overall great teacher and interesting material provide a pleasant learning experience. I definetly recommend this class to anyone who like to have a structured class with the freedom to choose when to learn.
Basic and innovative. The very first lecture that introduces us "What python is" is especially interesting and fundamental. The discussion about the essence of one programming language is helpful for beginners.
Nice course! The instruction is clear and fun. I enjoy the "interaction" with  Dr. Charles Severance during the lecture. And I really like the bonus videos, like interview with the creator of python every week~
A very basic beginners entry into computer programming.If you are a beginner this is the place to start. If you have some experience then you may find this course a bit simple (but a refresher is always useful)
Excellent professor and the last problem, 5.2, was especially challenging. Great course for Python beginners, especially when bundled with CodeAcademy's Python beginner course. Highly recommend Professor Chuck.
This is a great course!! It moves a good pace and allows those with full time job to continue to learn and sharpen their skills. I love the material that they make available to the students, it is very helpful!
Loved everything about: The exercises were difficult enough. The lecture videos were easy and interesting to follow through. The instructor was fun and relatable. One of the best MOOCs out here on the internet
Very amazing course! I didn't know Python language, but I'm not beginer in computer programming and I may say that the introduction to Python and, overall, to fundamentals of computer programming is very good.
First of all thank you so much for improvising my knowledge to Next extend. This is the best in everything I really mean a lot it's been perfectly good in everything like teacher, guilding, responding ....etc.
this course is mainly useful for the beginners who doesn't know the basic about python or any other language, the explanation of the topics are very good and thanks for the awesome materials which are provided
This course was very helpful. I learned a lot and love this course. Dr.Chuck is a great teacher. His explanation is very good. If anyone wants to learn python from scratch I will definitely suggest his course.
I just want to thank the "University of Michigan" for providing us this course and the instructor Sir Charles Severance has nailed the course with his teaching. The course is interactive though it is not live.
One of the best course I have ever encountered. Thank you Dr. Chuck. I will finish every course you have on this platform. Hope in near future, I could learn personally from you by visiting to your university.
The course is awesome if got stuck there are staffs to help it out. But I suggest please provide the solution to each assignment in learners' mail who have completed the course. Or the learners who ask for it.
Great course to get started with Python for both who are completely new to programming as well as those who have some experience in some other programming language like me. Looking forward to learn a lot more!
This course was amazing. I have learnt a lot of new things about programing. Though I had a previous experience with what programing is but this course cleared most of the tough parts I didn't understand then.
I never took a course from Severance before and I must say I am really impressed with him. He can explain and make you understand something in a fun and good way. It's been a pleasure to learn Python with him!
Everyone think that learning a program language is very tough.But Python made it all inverse it is very fun to learn this language and Dr.Chuck was good enough to train this course to learners. I love Coursera
A really good course. I learned a lot of things in python programming (basics). Looking forward to doing more courses with Coursera and Michigan University. I would love to undertake the next course in python.
This was my first Coursera class. I did enjoy it a lot. I am brand new to programming and the lessons seemed informative and comprehendible. I will definitely continue with the other 4 segments of this course.
Great advent to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is damaged down making it easy to understand. Had 0 programming experience before and this elegance made it clean and fun to get into.Thanking you!
A challenge and a strong edge on personal development in this specification, I'll continue to the next class Data base and complete all the python courses until I'm finished, I love coding and thanks Coursera.
This course is great for beginners. Dr. Chuck explains programming concepts in a comprehensible way. Programming is new to me, and I was overwhelmed by the information available. This course can be your guide!
This course is just amazing, it is very easy to start your programming journey through this course, no prior programming is required, fundamentals are taught in a very easy and interesting way that I loved it.
On this Teacher's Day (5th Sep in India), I must say Dr. Chuck is one of the best teachers I've learned. It is so easy to follow the course and I am able to do all the exercises quite easily. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
Excellent Course. Professor Charles Severance was very helpful in telling us what we needed to know and how to do it. I'm happy to have taken this course, and recommend it to others who want to explore python.
Really gentle intro into Python and programming starting with Hello World and going through conditionals and loops. Enjoyed the way the instructor explained concepts to help the student think like the machine.
The content includes basic knowledge of python and skills. With some programming backgroud, it is easy to pick up python after watching these courses videos and finishing the assignments. It's helpful. Thanks.
Great instructor, structure of the material for this class was great, and presented the material in an easy to understand format. I highly recommend this class to anyone who wants to learn the Python language.
This course is very interesting and taught by a very good teacher, I recommend you to make Hebrew subtitles too it will help in succeeding in this course.I had a lot of fun to learn from you Charles!Thank you!
Thanks Chuck. It was really nice classes. I have enjoyed a lot. Specially you are asked me a question to answer :) . I am from Bangladesh. I wonder if there is anybody from completed the same course from here!
It's a very nice and detailed course for everyone who wants to get started on Python! Oh and the guy who is teaching is has a lot of love and passion for what he wants to teach us so that makes it even better!
One of the best online courses I have done -mostly as a refresher so I ran through the whole thing in 2 days (about 4h of work) but it got me interested in completing the whole series within a couple of weeks.
I learned a lot in this course. The instructor, Dr. Chuck, explains things in a really easy to understand way.  I would highly recommend this as a starting course for anyone with minimal programming knowledge.
Very good for starting with the basics and getting hands on with some nice assignments with nice videos. One thing to note is the instructor should spend less time in comparing python to a human and 'talking'
Excellent materials (lecture and print) and pacing. The exercises were good at applying what we studied without just repeating what we had seen. Thank you for the intro. I'm looking forward to the next steps.
Thanku Coursera for introducing such an interesting topic.This course was really helpful and interesting.The instructor was also superb,it was easy to understand his lectures.once again a big thanku to all...
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.Helpful?
It was an amazing course ! Thank you coursera  for giving me the opportunity  to learn python. And special thanks to Dr. chuck for all his efforts. i would suggest this course to all the new ones on coursera.
excellent professor..he done an excellent job. special thanks to sir.. but in graded tool 7th assignment.....sir didn't teach about try/except. But anyway successfully completed the course with a lot of tries
recommended for programming beginner who wants to learn the concept of programming. it's very easy to understand and visualized. for loop, while loop, if else, expression, variable, all are explained clearly.
Dr chuck is very great mentor he's way of teaching is very niceHe's define things very clearly without any doubtOf someone ask me for learn python i definitely suggestGo for Python for everybody from coursera
Great course to begin programming with python. Not recommended to anyone having any prior programming language knowledge. It will be a waste of time. But for a beginner, this is an awesome course to enroll in
This course is excellent in many ways1.The way of teaching2.concentrating on how Python understands our code instead how to write a prog3.how code is executed4.assignment test are east at interestingThank you
If you are a beginner, this course would be very helpful for you. I would like to suggest this course also to those who have started coding but their concepts are not clear and finding difficulties in coding.
Fantastic! Dr. Chuck made the course interesting and relevant while also helping to demystify some of what I perceived to be the most challenging parts of elementary python.  Awesome course, highly recommend.
Very good course with an awesome instructor. The content is easily understandable. It is a good mixture of video, text and graphics/flow diagrams. The quizzes and tasks are neither too easy nor too difficult.
it's a great course.. it very helpful  who just start learning python.. and i would like to change respected Dr.Charles sir for their teaching Efforts and coursera for Giving Such a great Plateform to learn..
I believe this course has the right pace and content for people who want to learn to program but don't want to become a computer scientist necessarily. The course is very well delivered and I really loved it.
Great intro to Python. Even though I have previous knowledge of other programming languages, this is still useful for me to get used to syntax and remove habits of other language (curly braces and semi-colon)
Truly this course was a great . Here I know what is really programming.I want to recommend to all Who's wanna know what is programming and learn Python .Thanks Coursera and thanks Teacher Charles R. Severance
This course is very good for those who just getting started with programming. The instructor is really great and explains the concepts with very interesting examples which keeps the lectures more interesting.
I had my doubts regarding how this course will be structured and whether I will be able to keep up since, I am not of a computer science background. However, the course was very friendly and target the basics
I really like Dr. Severance's teaching style!! He actually talks about Python coding in 'plain English' and he pops in a few jokes into the lessons. The assignments are relevant and help me learn. Thank you!!
I have really enjoyed this course!  Dr. Chuck is by far one of the best instructors that I have ever had the pleasure of being taught by.  Thank you Sir, for such as great experience!  I look forward to more.
Great intro to Python coding for someone like me who had zero coding experience before starting. Course has an easy to follow structure and provides content in a manner that can be understood by novice coders
The instructor introduces the basic programming codes for Python which is really helpful for the further studying in computer science. It's clear but I'd recommend to make the course content more challenging.
A great course to get going with Python with a lot of help from Dr Chuck in making sure the understanding is there at the first place. The emphasis on using the command prompt to run codes in python will be o
I found the course very useful for the first encounter with programming. Lectures are very intuitive, easy to follow and fun. I feel like I have managed to successfully learn the basics of Python programming.
just brilliant, i am a mechanical engineer and the way this course was introduced to me till i wrote and successfully wrote my first program, it was just a great learning experience.hope to meet you soon sir.
The training was simple to follow and easy to understand. At times it was really too basic, but then experienced programmers are perhaps not the intended audience in this case anyway. Good work and thank you.
really like this course, professor is pretty cool the way he explain all things is very impressive and videos are amazing even you don't get bored and lot's of thing you will learn in a small interval of time
It is just amazing course for student who want to start learning. The content of this course is arranged such that student is completely understand why you study this course? and all those type of questions..
Thanks for this wonderful oppornity.really really thankyou coursera,coursera teaching method is incredible teaching qualities and another thanks to michigan univerity and faculty Charles Russell Severence...
This is a good introductory course. Prof. Chuck explains the concept in an intuitive and concise manner that is easy to understand and relate to. The bonus videos at the end are an absolute delight to watch.
This course is Excellent for Newbies to start with. The instructor is very friendly and teaches concepts in a way even 5year kid will understand. I strongly recommend beginners to take this course. Thank you
It was really the great experience for learning programming for everybody with python. Mr.Charles Russell has taught like friend .He is really a amazing person. Thank you so much for providing this platform.
This course is really amazing, I never liked programming, but Prof. Charles made everything looks so easy. I really enjoyed and learnt a lot.print("Thank you Coursera, for providing us such amazing course.")
Excellent instructor, just fantastic! The class is impactful, fun, and beginner-friendly for all learners regardless of background. I would definitely recommend to whoever wants to learn Python from scratch.
The instructor was the best. The quality of the course was very good. I learned a lot by taking this course. I would definitely appreciate beginners to take this course if you want to get started with python
Well explained. concise. I would urge if examples can be re-looked at. I got a little confused with examples at later stages, especially in the Week 7 lectures. But otherwise, pretty good and well simplified
Very easily and thoroughly explained by the teacher. I'd love to follow the pipeline of courses following this current course and I'd also recommend the course to anyone wishing to learn python from scratch.
The course is so amazing! I love professor Severance because he is humorous and I can always get the point under his guidance. I am sure I will continue to learn other courses taught by professor Severance !
Concepts are well explained, lots of examples and exercises to practice combined with great supporting structure (knowledgeable instructor, helpful discussion boards and well put together learning material).
This course is awesome. i have learned lot of basic things like data structures, different modules, funstion, and all. I woud like to thsnk to coursera and Dr. chuck for giving this wonderful lecture for us.
Thanks, Dr.Chuck.....you just made programming so easy for me......thank you so much!will now try to work on this basics and return to the second part of this course that is data structures!thanks, Dr.Chuck!
This course made it very easy to understand python language. The professor taught it in a simple way which was very easy to understand. I recommend this course to everyone who is getting started with python.
This is the best course I have ever seen for python language learning. The way of teaching of Dr. Chuck is so amazing and interesting and deliver all topics very easy way. Thanks sir for created this course.
THe course has given me a good overview of the basics to pyhton. Will look forward for advanced courses and realting it to the machine learning, artificial intelligence, image processing, etc., applicaitons.
Great
experience, I recommend it if you want to learn Python. The course is also good
for people with no experience programming. Even though, I have experience
programming, I never got bored with the course.
Its a very good course for beginning of python. Sir teach us from very basics of python and it's a good thing about this course and I am very excited to do this specialization course of Python for Everybody.
It was very nice course for beginners. The way instructor taught the course is very well and i was very interested with the bonus chapters how different tools or software they created or developed. Thank you
Very good introduction to the subject matter, which doesn't dive in to quickly.  There were no moments of feeling lost, because the presentation is gradual, and uses simple analogies to explain the concepts.
Highly recommended for everybody who is interested in getting started with Python! Great structure, lectures are understandable! Perfect for Beginners who weren't in touch with a programming language before!
I loved the way Dr Chuk delivers the lecture. I am new to python and could easily do all the assignments here just because whatever taught was directly going into mind. Loving this course, will complete all!
A very helpful course for anyone and everyone who wants to learn this language (even without prior knowledge about programming). Highly recommend it to those who want to learn python as their first language.
The lectures are really enjoyable and simple. Well constructed and well built. I enjoyed this course a lot. Thank you.Note: it is for extreme beginners. If you have some info on programming, you can skip it.
This was a very brief and valuable introduction to Python programming and, specially for my who had limited experience in programming, it was very good to have a slow paced introduction to this new language.
Very nice course. The instructor have a really good presentation skills and could bring the subject to a  really simple language.Should improve the captions size in the videos. In my notebook it was too big.
Thank for the course it was GREAT!! I can´t believe I actually did it! :) All the videos were very clear and the resources easy to find and use. I loved the idea of the auto grader. Thank you for everything!
To get an initial level of knowledge in programming, this course is simply magnificent. Easy presentation of material. All training material is provided. Over assignments sometimes you have to sit and think.
A great introduction to Python! Thank you to Charles Severance for the online support and all the materials provided to go through this class smoothly. Definitely doing the Course #2! Highly recommend this c
My only programming experience was a few C++ lessons on UNI years ago and probably helped me a bit here, nonetheless this was a very begginer friendly course. I had a great time learning and will keep at it.
Excellent course for a beginner in the field of computer programming. This course is best for the one who wants to start computer programming in one of the most easy programming language in the world PYTHON.
Class was fairly trivial  for someone like me who previously had six months of java under my belt. However for someone who is beginning programming will have a solid understanding of python with this course.
If you're a beginning programmer, Python is an excellent computer programming language to learn, and this course can make a successful start (if you do your part) on your journey to becoming a Python expert.
This is the first python class I took and it's awesome. I love the teacher and his great explanation, very easy to follow. The pace is great for a beginner like me and a big plus for a great and free course.
This was an excellent introduction to Python. The lectures are interesting and easy to follow. The instructor has great personality and makes you excited about learning python. It made me want to keep going!
Dr. Severance explains the basics of Python very well.  I was able to do the entire course in 1 week (2-3 hrs a day) with no previous programing experience.  Very pleased with this course and will continue.
I really enjoy the lecture and the instruction of Charles. Thank you, Charles and Coursera. Online video course offers me a more efficient way to learn Python that just reading books and learn it by myself.
It was a great experience to learn so many things which i always wanted to from this course and the instructor, Sir you were great and i hope i see you soon in the next course i hope and i wish. Thankyou !!
It's really fun to learn with Dr. Charles Russell . He is a funny guy and his teaching is awesome. As a beginner of programming with Zero knowledge it's really easy to understand and helps to clear doubts .
This helps a lot for who stated python and who don't know python... The explaining of course is alo for level of students who are new to coding part or programming it has littel of stuff of logic alos... :)
Excellent course, I definitely recommend it! I had no experience in programming and I was so surprised that I understand everything! Dr Chuck explains very good, he is a great instructor, thank you so much!
It was really very helpful and I'am pretty much confident now that I can cope up with python now.My problems were also solved in discussion forums which was damn impressive.Thank you Coursera and Dr.Chucks.
Excellent Course for Beginners as well as who have learned other basic languages. The Instructor's Teaching skills are outstanding. Highly Recommended for those who wants to learn programming in easier way.
A very good course for beginners who don't know from where to start learning python.Teacher is very good and tells the mistakes that most of the newbies do.Overall, its a good course to get a hang of python
Hi, everyone!I've completed this course, this course would clear all your doubts you could possibly have at the basic level. I think it is the best course on the internet to start with.Good luck :)Thanks!!!
It's a great experience learning python for me with have no IT experience. Prof. Chuck makes a great explanation and easy understanding. I think that continue lessons would be a nice idea for the next step.
Great course for new developers and experienced alike. Instructor was great and all of the bonus material is quite interesting. It's important to learn the history behind the software you're learning about!
This Course has been a great one for me as it explains how to code efficiently in python. From that perspective I think I have learned a lot. Want to continue and finish next courses ASAP. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Definately reccomended if you're a complete beginner to programming. I already knew the basics of a few other languages, so I got through this course relatively quickly. I still learned new things though :D
This is an excellent introduction to Python. I am a physician with an interest in data science, and I was able to grasp the concepts easily. Looking forward to the rest of the courses in the specialization.
It is a really good course for someone who is new to programming. Videos are interactive . Quizzes and assignments help student evaluate themselves and give them change to  learn and work on missing skills.
Love this course.  Very easy to follow.  The lecture videos are great.  Prof. Charles explains everything in complete details.  As a beginner to coding, I grew deep interest in programing after this course.
Charles Severance is a great instructor, even though it was an online class i was able to keep up with all the lessons. I'm looking forward to begin the next course and all the new stuff i'm going to learn.
Py4e is a great course! People with zero programming background or knowledge, like me, find it very easy to understand and follow up! Lecturer is supreme and mentors are so helpful as well! Thank you a lot!
Thanks for the opportunity to provide me lectures to get started with Python language. Dr. Chuck is really a python rock-star. I recommend this course for any starters and even intermediates in programming.
It was an excellent course. I love the way Sir Charles teaches things with so good examples. They are so good that I learn the things on the spot . It was just awesome. Thank you for such an amazing course.
The lectures are easy to follow. Walking you through how each operator works/does.The projects reinforced the chapter lectures, reinforcing the lecture content.As a beginner to Python it was easy to follow.
Very easy to understand and the assignments properly tested our ability to apply my programming skills. I strongly recommend this course if you just want to understand the basic structure of python scripts.
Great course ... really tries to introduce programming to the novice and works hard to avoid intimidating the learner. I had great fun (though I've had prior experience with C programming) doing the course.
The pacing of the teaching was excellent! For someone who is easily frustrated by the literal nature of programming, I developed some sympathy for its binary nature in this course - that's not an easy feat.
This is an excellent course for someone who is new to programming and all the topics has been covered very nicely and illustrated easily by keeping a novice in mind. Great course to learn about programming.
Dr chucks is awesome teacher I ever met with the way he explains us is just awesome and I want to thank Coursera for introducing such a nice teacher to us 💯💯 I'm so excited to see more and more videos 🤗
Dr. Charles Severance is able to turn a dry topic like programming and make it relatable to the average Joe. This course is definitely the first stop you should make if you want to learn about programming!
Course is awesome just one suggestion. Sometime same variable name using to assign different value i get confusion in that, may be other to. Apart from this superb syllabus and material. Thank you so much.
Great immersive introduction to Pyhton by Dr Charles Severance, who did a splendid job in explaining all the topics throughly and that too with fun and from time to time with a much needed sarcasm as well.
Very fundamental and suitable for non-programmers...even for non-native speakers, the language will not be an obstacle since the teacher uses an interesting and slow-paced teaching style. Think it's great.
Fantastic! Thanks Professor Severance, you are a great teacher. From an italian chemistry student that has changed the thesis into a software simulation one and need basic programming skills, Grazie mille!
"Programming for Everybody" is a wonder full course offered by coursera. The way of teaching is very good with all assignments and quiz tests. I will definitely recommend everyone to enroll in this course.
Nice Course for beginners. If you have a little prior knowledge of programming in c, c++, java or other, you will love this course. If you know nothing about programming this is a nice course to start with
Very nice for beginners and Dr. chuck is such a  brilliant teacher. I like the way he explains. This course also has graded assignments which will help anyone to apply the concept he learnt in this course.
The course is amazing. The instructor is the absolute best. It was difficult for me to cope up at first, coming from an arts background, but the interactive videos and the discussion forum helped me a lot.
Great instructor with simple yet powerful explanations. This course is great for people who have no prior programming experience. Programmers will find this as an easy entry point to start learning python.
Easy to understand lectures. I found the coursework easy to achieve but frustrating trying to match the expected results. Overall I think it is a good start for anybody who has no knowledge of programming.
Perfect introduction to programming in Python. Easy for beginners (like me). Finished the course in less than a week (2hrs/day). It helps to buy the book (10$) to prepare for the assignments. Great course!
I am a MS Mechanical Engineering graduate, I have beginner level programming knowledge. I was able to complete it in 10 days. After 4th week the assignments becomes little tricky. His lectures were useful.
Dr. Charles is a very experienced person who has a lot of knowledge in the field of programming, yet he delivers a simple yet powerful classes with all the content explained thoroughly and comprehensively.
I found this course very interesting.Anybody with even no programming knowledge could easily understand the lectures of Dr. Chuck.It really helped me build concepts and learn Python basics.Thanks Coursera.
its relatively easy even for 100% business school students, yet i didn't get any practical skills which could be used in working occasions, hope the whole serious of courses will save my desperate life T_T
Really good entry-level python course, even for those without any programming experience! Everything is explained in detail. And also, I love the lecturer! I am going to take the following courses as well.
It is really an excellent course and suitable not only to the beginners but also to an experienced programmer like me.I really have got a lot of funs out of it and I gonna start the next onein the serise:)
It is great learning experience. This is my first online course, but it is very interactive. This can be understood by all beginers with ease by the well quoted examples on how to approach for programming.
很基础，如果有接触过python的话几乎可以很快看完然后直接最后一个programme写一下It's so easy for those who have already touched the python. Also, it's interesting for those wanting to begin studying with it. Thank Coursera and the Teacher
The course was very satisfying.The instructor was very excellent in that he was well grounded in the course content and was very articulate.I extremely enjoyed and benefited from every part of the course.
Very good introduction to python and basics concepts of programmation. Charles is an excellent teacher, it make easy to understand the different concepts of programmation that are included in this course.
Couldn't have asked for a better teacher. Thank you Dr.Severance for your wonderful and intuitive classes. This course is truly for everyone. And remember 'traceback' error isn't a personal attack on you.
it was great experience online from Mr. Charles Russell. The course is taught in a very simple way that any one who even dont have programing back ground can learn easily. Looking forward for next course.
Very comprehensive course and great teacher also very funny, I consider this course to be one of the best I ever enrolled in, learned a great deal I recommend this course especially if you are a beginner.
The teacher has a brilliant and interesting way of teaching and explaining concepts and has a great knowledge about what he is teaching. I enjoyed learning from him and will take more courses on coursera.
When i started this course i had zero programming knowledge, but i watched each day as i learned step by step.  I am looking forward to the next part of this program. I have learned so much and i love it!
This is a perfect introduction class for anyone to learn python, especially for people with no previous programming experience. Dr Chuck is an excellent teacher and takes you step by step to learn python!
This was a wonderful course! It got really challenging me in Chapter 5. It took what I knew in .Net to help me try and figure out the solution for the graded assignment. I look forward to the next course!
The initial impression that I got from the instructor was very nice. really appreciate all the hard work that he put into it and quite excited to learn more about python and looking forward to this course
Great Course for beginner to learn Python from Basic.Instructor is very nice and have an excellent way of teaching.His intensity and enthusiasm towards this course makes this course even more interesting.
Fun class that is easy to follow and will not take the 7 weeks stated. Users can complete it in much less time and will find themselves coming back more frequently as they get into the practice exercises.
I can only recommend this course for absolute beginners in programming. It starts with the hardware part and introduces programming in Python stepwise. The autograder tool for the assignment works (and is
This was an amazing course. His lectures were very easy to understand and this course is great for programming beginners. If you have background knowledge for programming, you might feel this course easy.
terrific professor, enjoyed how he explained various components of programming, including terminals (shells), files, the relationship of a CPU to memory alongside with all of the early programming syntax.
Really thorough introduction to Python. Is perfect for anyone who has never been exposed to a programming or coding language before. Easy to follow and the enthusiasm of the instructor is infectious!!! :)
Awesome course. It was fun learning python and listening to the lectures was very interesting. I really appreciate all the efforts put in by the entire team to make such a easy to learn course for python.
The instructor was very helpful.  The material made a lot of sense after he explained it.  The course was much better than other online ones I've done where you just type commands with little explanation.
The classes were great - very informative. The discussion forums was my favorite - I was able to get live help on the hw assignments from classmates and mentors. Thank you for a great learning experience!
Pretty awesome course to do as a Python beginner. Being a computer science undergraduate myself felt that this course can be taken up without having any prior knowledge to programming. Go house Slytherin!
Great courses! Thank you , Charles Severance, for making it easier to understand. Your lectures are always very informative, interesting and interactive.And thanks for such a great platform as a Coursera!
I would recommend this course to non-programmers and junior programmers too. The material is explained in a very simple manner and the additional weekly interviews are very inspirational and motivational.
Great introduction.  Dr Chuck covers the critical pieces without throwing everything at you.  Highly recommend it for people learning from square one or just wanting add another language to their toolkit.
very good course, takes you step by step and teaches you all you need to do for a good basis of programming.  for those who want to remove some rust, you can just read the lectures and run on this course.
A great course on the basics and functioning logic of python. The Instructor does provide good insight and examples on how everything works in detail out and thus, the material to learn seems quite easy.
The Professor is Exceptional. Never have I ever heard some concepts like that ever in my life. I will forever be indebted to you sir, for making me love programming so much!!!!Lots of Love From India....
I enjoyed learning very much because excellent explanation is given by Dr. Charles Russell  Severance sir in each video in accordance with book. Thank You sir and coursera team for providing this course.
so good and clear . highly useful . continue ur great job . thank you so much sir without it wouldnt have been this easy for programming. may god bless you with long life to inspire more students like me
The course was nice as per my expectations still there is a room for improvement everywhere, I suggest  that reading material provided could've been better, unlike that overall I liked this course a lot.
Thank you so much sir,I am interesting in python and I am studying your course and I am improve in my programming skill and I hope I will improve more than and more,so I pay highly recommend your courses
Loved this course, Prof Chuck leads you through the course in his own style.I found the jump from understanding what he was talking about to the last assignment a little steep, but I got there.Thank you!
Charles Severance provides easy-to-follow explanations and really takes his time to explain every step of the code. After taking other courses in this platform, I can say that this course is top quality.
I have completed my first course on Coursera that is good for me and Dr. chuck is really good trainer for this course. His teaching style is very different to other, and make understand in very good way.
One of the best python course for beginners. Charles was a fantastic lecturer who teaches us programming in a fun way. Must-take course if you want to have a good foundation for your programming journey.
Really appreciated. Although the beginnings were quite slow and professor was getting to the point quite slowly (what's CPU, what's memory,...) then the course got the right pace and I really enjoyed it!
This was one of the best courses i have attended so far.Charles severance is one of the best Professor in the world. I would highly recommend people to enroll in this course to learn the basics of python
Before I took this course I was fallowing some tutorials online. But after taking this course I have realized that this course really helped me to understand computer programming language(Python) better.
Excellent course! I tried learning Python from manuals at my own page but the books never quite explained it so I could understand. Taking this course held me accountable.  I highly recommend this class!
Overall some of the best introductory course-work I've found on coursera. There are always struggles, but if you keep pressing on and approach with a desire to learn, you'll enjoy this course thoroughly!
The instructor did an excellent job of breaking things down into small parts.  The assignments brought everything together, and I now feel more confident in moving to the next step in my Python training.
The course was very good I am reviewing this after I have completed my course and I found this Excellent and I am looking forward to take next course that is of data structure and Dr Chuck is so awesome.
Thanks to DR. Chuck as instructor for this course , he started the course in an interesting way , also keep that interest throughout the whole course assignment are also very helpful to clear the concept
One of the best courses on the internet which will teach you the basics of Python language. The way the instructor teaches is outstanding. The basics taught will help in other programming languages also.
Thanks to this course I got a knowladge about the Python language, which could be complicated, but it wasn't. Explained step by step, by Dr. Chuck. Nothing is missing, on this course. Highly recommended.
A perfectly designed course for someone willing to learn to python with no prior programming experience or expertise. Would love to have the solutions of the assignments after having completed the course
An amazing experience with Cousera. Being first time for me in here, I am v happy with the way Mr.Charles is taking over the concepts  and I am in need of some more courses in python and i will enroll it
Starting with no background in programming by taking this course i think programming is do able, i feel much more confident and ready to take it to the next level.Highly recommended if you are  beginner.
Everything great but the autograder for the homeworks, it is really hard to debug your program there. It took me 1 month to complete a homework which ran smoothly on the real python programming language.
This course helped me understand Computer Science theory better. The pace is perfect for non-expert programmers. Charles Severance does not try to cram everything about a subject in one lesson or course.
As i am a beginner of programming , I am very much impressed by the way of teaching skills of professor Charles and now I'm pretty much sure that I can handle python with some days of practice on my own
A great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.
Thank You, It was very interesting course. and Entertaining as well. Great Introduction to Python and Programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to  understand and fun to get into.
This course way too good to start with. i had no prior knowledge of python before i started but the instructor(Mr. Chuck) made it to easy to grasp things. anyone willing should surely go for this.THANKS
Charles Russell Severance sir was the most energetic and funny instructor I have ever met. One cant be absent minded of one can't even take his/her eyes off from the screen. I enjoyed my quarantine days
Great Course and Teacher. Love the way he teaches programming. Very simple and easy to learn. Had lots of fun going through the course videos. I'll definately will continue with the next course. Cheers!
Overall the course is best in every criteria. Need to add some more chapters of the python for everybody pdf and because of that the week will automatically increase and the knowledge can be gained more
This online course is better than normal classes in my Clg Thank you Dr.Chuk it was an amazing journey with you. So please come to our college Shri vishnu engineering college for women Bhimavaram India.
I just love this course as it covers all the basics of programming (I already have basic knowledge) that a beginner should learn. On top of it, it is based on the advanced Python language. It was great.
I don't think I have seen anyone explain programming logic better than Charles. I already had  some programming experience and wanted to learn Python. This course is just perfect. Keep up the good work!
It was such a wonderful experience and the classes by Dr Charles are so interesting and effective that you fell like keep going. His explanation are amazing. looking forward to continue classes with him
Very easy and intuitive course to get started with Python without lots of prior experience. But do need a little bit basic understanding of how computer works, and how data is presented in the computer.
This is an excellent course for someone who has a coding background as well as who know nothing about coding.The topics are well explained and assignments are there too, to implement what we've learned.
I was a bit nervous having not done any programming for more than two decades. This course was fantastic for reintroducing me to programming in general and a great introduction to programming in Python!
This course is very useful for beginner.I was also new to learn python, by this course i have learn many things in easy way. Thanks to Cousera Team and Dear sir for this interactive and useful tutorial.
An easy but essential course to take if you want to be skilled in Python for (1) you who unfamiliar with programming logic and flowcharts (2) you who have a programming skill before but never use Python
The course is really good if you want to get started with coding in Python. I was a total rookie and found Dr. Chuck very helpful and clear in his lectures.I definitely want to continue the next course.
I found this class to be very informative! Charles Severance (I hope it's okay there is no prefix) was great at presenting and made the new information palatable. Looking forward to moving on in Python!
It is really very good course for beginners. You can learn basics of python and explanation provided is very good and simple. This course is just like its name says programming for everybody. Thank you.
I recommend a lot this course because the professor that gives this course Dr. Charles Severance is very clear and has a great train of thoughts that provided me with a full understand about this course
This is the best course for someone who don't know anything about any of the programming language and want to study python.This course deals all of the basics of python and Dr.chuck is an awesome tutor.
Really good course to learn the basics, i'm going to continue with the other 4 courses.I didn't know anything about coding and still  I've been able to understand all very clearly.I've had too much fun!
with this course if I could understand and pass the course then course literally justifies the name "python for everybody".. thanks professor Charles for wonderful videos, looking forward for 2nd course
Course teaches essential concepts of programming and introduces to a pleasing programming language, which is Python. I highly recommend this course to everyone who starts its adventure with programming.
This is a wonderful course to start with python. It not only deals with python code and syntax but general programming constructs in details and in a well explained manner by a very experienced faculty.
A very good course. If you know nothing not just python, but also any programming language you guys can opt this course. It will clear all the concepts and make you think like a professional programmer.
It was very useful course for me as beginner programmer. The humor of teacher and comfortable way of education accept to study quickly and interesting. The checking of tasks is automatically..Thank you!
I think this was a top notch course, learned a lot. A suggestions that I have for this course would be, promote the course book a little better. A simple link to the book on every chapter would be nice.
A great course for people have no prior experience in any language or even in field of computers.Once you go through these basics the way the course is structured you can learn any programming language.
Excellent Instructor: Witty, humorous in a way that reinforces the material, and keenly aware and in touch with the emotions and frustrations we students feel when first learning a programming language.
Great course for the beginner. After completing one gets all the fundamentals he or she need for further learning and even can program some stuff. Special thank to Dr. Chuck for being funny and his huge
I don't have enough positive things to say about this course and about Dr. Chuck in specific. I would absolutely recommended it to anyone who was interested in dipping their toe into Python. TRY IT OUT!
Absolutely wonderful course. It was even more comprehensive than the actual Introduction to Python lectures that I took last semester. I highly recommend this course for anyone starting out with Python!
It was extremely engaging and informative course! Amazing interaction between student and lecturer. Wonderful course to start to learn not just a Python programming, but Computer Programming in general.
This is a great course. I love the step by step teaching method and detailed explanation. Despite the step by step method, the lecturer never fails to bores us because he always gets right to the point.
The course is subtle and beginner-friendly. The more I dive into python, the more I like it. Credits to the professors and the team that is responsible for designing the course. I am thankful to them!!
Thank you for this beginner's course in python. It was taught in a way, wherein one's previous programming knowledge did not matter. A very good course for beginners. Concepts were explained very well.
this is a great course...the instructors videos are amazing and the course proceeds in a very easy to follow manner...this is helpful for even people with no prior programming experience...Thanks a lot
Excellent course to get started in a programming language like Python. The teacher explains the conceptsvery well and the rhythm of the course makes you feel that you are advancing at an adequate pace.
Every concept was taught and explained in a phenomenal way. One just can't forget the concepts and easy to internalize. I strongly recommend this course to beginners and even experienced professionals.
The Best Online Course I have ever taken!! The Professor is just amazing and makes you comfortable with the fears you might have regarding coding! Its one of those courses you'll never regret taking :)
This is a wonderful course for those who are trying to start learning to program. Though I was not a beginner the whole concept was very clear to me now. That's awesome. I highly recommend this course.
Basically i used to hate programming, because i didn't get a abcd of that. But now there's some kind of confidence in me indicating that even i can learn programming. Thank You,Dr.Chuck for the course.
Doing this course is really fun. very well designed and explain by instructor. Thanks a lot Charles Russell Severance for explain python is such a simple way. and sure to see you in next part of course
Amazing courseI've learnt from this course a lot and it is very very very much helpful for my futureThanks University of Michigan for making this course very successful.I'm flattered to study with UOM.
I find this awesome for the beginners who are willing to start python as their first programming language.Course contents are to the point and I was able to understand the contents for very first time.
Thank you Mr. Charles Russell Severance. I learned comfortably throughout the course and was able to write some cool programs with this first course. I can't wait to get started with the other courses.
Dr. Severance is an exceptional teacher with masterful teaching skills. He is humorous, engaging and so obviously educated in his craft. So excited to continue under his guidance in this specialization
A great course for those who are planning to learn python from the scratch. Clear concepts and simple exercises at the end of each chapter that will boost your confidence in learning python. Cheers! :)
It was a great experience. i have learn a lot from Professor. I will be please if i ever get a chance to meet him and learn something more from his personality. God bless you & Thank you so very much..
This is my first experience with coursera and I would say excellent!I would recommend this to people wish to learn fundamentals in programming and  basics in Python.And a special thanks to Dr. Chuck :)
I enjoyed this course and am looking forward to the next one. I have found the coursera web interface and conventions a little challenging, but the course materials and process has been very rewarding.
Very easy to understand, Dr.Chuck will repeat the important concepts patiently and carefully. I recommend this class to person who don't know program. This class is friendly to the beginner of program!
Basic ideas about programming are well illustrated in this course. It's perfectly good for new beginners, but it's a little slow for the students who have other programming skills such as C, Java, etc.
I really love this "Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)" course because it's not only taught knowledges about Python to me, but also sense of computing thinking style! Thanks a lot!
Great course! I only audited it, but gained so much information. The instructor is fantastic, he clearly explains Python in an easy-to-understand way. I look forward to the other courses he's produced.
Great course for beginners. If you have programming experience, but feel rusty, or don't know Python, it's a great way to refresh your programming skills and learn Python syntax. Great instructor, too.
Prof. Severence is amazing. He presented the material clearly and concisely. The videos were engaging and informational. I would recommend this to anyone interested in learning a bit more about coding.
it was very exciting to learn from Dr. Charles Severance. Then coruse was excellent with the perfect materials and supporting assignments and quiz. Thank you for making learning a wonderful experience.
This was an awesome course and it helped me learn a lot about python.I would highly recommend this to a beginner. This course has quizzes and graded assignments with help you see if you are doing good.
Helpful CourseI love this course and thank Dr. Severance giving us beginners this useful course. I can follow the steps and make sense to me who have no programming background at all. Highly recommend.
Excellent if you have zero starting knowledge of Python. Even a basic understanding will make some of the videos feel like they're too long. Excellent instructor makes course worth taking despite this.
It was very basic and professor used made it very easy and interesting. As a person who doesn't have any prior knowledge of programming i feel confident in python now and i want to learn more about it.
Prof. Charles is amazing. His lectures are very informative and clear. I appreciate this as a good platform to develop my Python skills. I do believe this may be my most favorite online course to date.
Very nice introduction to python with great instructor, practical assignments and free ebook provided. I recommend this course to beginners with no prior or small amount of experience with programming.
Very beautifully taught. I gained basic python programming knowledge quite easily. The lecturer is fun and encourages students to want to learn more. In general, it was an awesome learning experience.
Very good introduction to basic programming. Very easy for beginners in python who have already some programming background - but still extremely useful to quickly and efficiently learn python basics.
Extremely basic but Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.
I really liked the course. I just wish it was more practice heavy and the lectures were broken up more and there were quizzes during the lectures to keep you engaged more and make it more interactive.
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand. Had zero programming experience before and this class made it easy and fun to get into.
It's really an awesome course from which I had learnt how to program in Python.I even don't know the basics of Python after attending this course I am able to program myself.Thanks for your guidelines
good morning sir .I'm learned the programming for everybody getting started with python  the classes are very interesting and assignments are challenging please give the permission for the next course
Great course! I always thought of programming as a too-difficult-and-complex thing for me; now I want to learn more. Thank you Dr Charles Severance for explaining everything in such an affordable way.
Really Happy doing this course, This is what a beginner needs, I have got confidence to learn Python in depth this is the beauty of this course , helps understand easily. A quality course. Thank You😊
Really enjoy the professor's style, variety of content included, side jokes like the sorting hat and more.  Makes for an easy to learn course, that makes me want to come back and do the next lecture!!
I strongly recommend those who are learning this course read the book written by the professor, it really helps a lot, only watch the video is not enough.I'm eager to learn more about programming now!
The editor needs to be improved, the overall course is very well done, but i really struggled getting the editor to work in terms of indentation.Would definitely recommend this course to fellow peers.
I think this course might be a little bit of easy to students who had programming experience before,but  Doctor Severance is awesome in teaching, and it is a good choice to built foundation in python.
Really good course, it gies you great skills for starting to program in many languages. In my case, it also helped me to refresh previous skills and also leearn new concepts. Greetings from Venezuela.
Excellent for a beginner!! Professor Severance follows a very smooth and efficient method of teaching that reduces anxiety and increases passion for learning!! Recommended to anyone starting Python!!!
inp = raw_input("What do you think of the course?")while True:if inp == "Chuck_is_amazing": break
    if len (inp) < 1 : breakelse: "You_do_not_understand_why_this_is_a_good_course!": breakprint "inp"
Dr. Chuck is such a great teacher. I am tearing up at how simple he made things and how much I struggled to grasp these concepts a couple of years back. I'd recommend it in a heartbeat for beginners.
The best course for newbies about Python that I've found in the Internet so far. It doesn't only show functions, but also in a very understandable explains the logic of the program, how Python works.
Dr. Chuck thank you so much for designing this course. This course has made me confident of my ability to continue learning python further. The course structure is very simple and easy to understand.
thank you very much sir, it was a great tutorials. every chapters have objective assignments and program it was amazing. please upload some more languages web development and android app development.
For people who start programming, this course will be good for starting. From very basic what is programming to basic variable, condition, function and looping. This very good for starting your code.
i really liked the course very much, especially sir who is teaching us in a very simple manner, The best teacher I have ever  seen who now the tacts for explaining the language in a very  nice manner
I see a excellent way of teaching  subjects in this course..easy and mindfully communication with the sir helps to learn the course very easy and made me love to complete the course with perfection..
Professor Severance goes through the course at a good pace. It was difficult enough to make you think but not so much that I felt overwhelmed. He's easy to listen to and really is a talented teacher.
It was a very nice start of my Python learning, a good grasp on the VERY basic concepts. Thanks to Professor Snape ! He has been an amazing teacher to steer you through this path of learning at home.
Great Experience with Dr Charles on my FIRST EVER ONLINE COURSE. I'm really happy have grabbed the opportunity. My experience has broadened my knowledge in PYTHON programming...can't wait for PART 2.
This was a great introduction course to coding in python. It progressed slowly and was easy to understand. I loved it and I will be enrolling in the next level as soon as I can!Thank you Mr Severance
Extremely basic but Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored. You can pass the course in a few days with minimum or even no programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners
I  loved the course and the most beautiful thing about this course is the instructor, his way of teaching and hilarious sounds.  I just wish I could have got a teacher like him in my undergrad years.
This is a very organized and intuitive online course. Despite the short length of the course, it is much better organized and presented than many online Masters of recognized universities. Thank you.
Excellent Course. I have computer science background but still as the name suggest its for Everybody and Dr. Chuck is good mentor. Looking forward to other courses of py4e as well. Thank You Coursera
The course was very well organised. Helped a lot because of the simple level of explanation. The exercises and quiz were easy, fun and informative and at the same time challenging as well. Thank you.
Very informative and well explained. Also during taking the course I never felt bored. Recommended to all take this course in the beginning so that programming doesn't become nightmare of your life:)
This is an outstanding class to start introduction to programming.  I am getting back to programming after almost 25 years and Prof. Severance made it so much fun and easy to learn without getting in
I have done a couple Beginner Python classes before. This one stands out. The professor made the subject seem simple and also made me think about how/where to put this knowledge to use. Great course!
A welcoming and thoughtful introduction to programming, perfect for a first time learner or as a refresher course for somebody who's allowed their programming skills to get rusty. Highly reccommended
IF U INCLUDE PROJECTS FOR PYTHON IT WILL BE VERY GOOD.MY RECOMMENDATION IS ONCE BUY ANY COURSE IN UDACITY. THEY WILL HAVE MANY PROJECTS FOR US PLZ INCLUDE THOSE TYPE OF PROJECTS. THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
Python was my first language to learn and i'm happy that i chose this specialization course. It was thought simple and straight forward and the assignments helped me a lot to learn the course better.
The course is great for beginners in Python as well as programming, both. if you do quiz and Assignment, by your self. You will defiantly get benefited for Whole specialisation as well as your career
Great course, well structured and organized.The teacher is very talented, you can see he has an excellent background and at the same time he's able to explain things in a very clear end efficient way
I loved it! I think it's amazing for anyone, but specially for those that have never programmed before. Also, I loved the way classes were presented! Thank you for getting me hyped about programming!
That was a great course. I thank Coursera for approving my financial aid. I might not express my feelings because of my bad english but I am truly thankful to Coursera and the University of Michigan.
This course is very well structured, it will teach you have to think like a computer and thus being able to give the computer instructions much more dynamically vs just teaching you to memorize code.
This introduction Pytho is really interesting!!! Prof. Charles Severance is so nice and his lecture is easy to understand!!! Thank you, Prof. Charles Severanc. Thank you, Coursera!!! Love Coursera!!!
Was a great experience for something looking to slowly wade into the world of programming. I'm excited to continue onward as I continue to potentially learn more and see if data management is for me.
I loved this course and learned so much!  It's been a long time since I used it and wanted to take the course again but Coursera doesn't let me retake this course once completed! It's a great course!
Basic python, but very well explained and organized! The professor's making the course very interesting, not boring at all! Recommend for anyone who are new to Python or new to programming languages!
This is really an amazing course and the thing that makes it more amazing is the course instructor. He is a very good teacher. He know how to teach students at THEIR level. Loving this course so far.
Fantastic course for starting Python and understand the fundamental concepts of programming! The professor teaches the material very well for someone with no experience. Highly recommend this course!
This course was really helpful for my. I really started to programing at the biginning of this course. And now I consider that a I can programing basics loops. I will continue with the next courses.
Great course and wonderful lecturer. This course has given me a lot of confidence and taught me how to concentrate. I really can start from here. I am satisfied. Looking forward to go further.Thanks
This course is really too Good and the instructor is also really teaching very well. I hope everyone can get the Proper Basics about Python. Hope they will get something from this Course. THANK YOU.
it was a great course offered by the great teacher of the Python language. after taking this course i am now all ready with all my basics to move ahead with the learning of python. thankyou so much!
The Best course for python language beginners. I learned a lot in this lectures and the professor teachings are awesome even  beginner will learn the concepts very quickly and easily. Thanks Charles
I'm glad to say that i have completed my python course through coursera .It was an amazing experience of learning in online classes .Dr.Chuck was an amazing tutor,his teaching was superb...THANK YOU
It could be great if the py4e has debugging system. Sometimes the output is exactly the same with the desired output but when ran in different input, my code doesn't show the correct logical answer.
I like this course because this course taken from very beginning of python if anyone who cannot do any programming or don't know about computer language like c,c++,java still can complete the course
This was a great experience to complete this course and learning a new programming language made for beginners. I want to give special thanks to Dr. Charles Russell for teaching in such a great way.
It was a great session. Lectures were delivered very well and the faculty explained everything. I am thankful to the respected university, the faculty and Coursera.org for such a golden opportunity,
The course is fantastic and could really cope up with the pace and the instructor was really good at explaining the concepts and teaching from a b c of coding . The course made me say CODING IS FUN!
It's a great course to learn the basics of python. From how it was created and how it works. The Instructor is also very friendly and he teaches Python with very good techniques and with excitement.
Helped me jump-start the learning session for this month, if you've never
 coded before, or tried to but gave up midway due to reasons, this one 
might change your mind and help you in the same way!
first time i had done this course online and this was a wonderful experienceI learned all the stuff and the explanation provided was very  good.i would like to do more courses from herethank you sir
Its is very good course and also the teacher was to good. After completing this course I like Python as before I don't like it very much and I also enroll for second course in  these specialization.
This was my first online class. Before that, I was thinking that We are not able to study online as compared to live. but now I think about complete the other courses which are provided by Coursera.
Dr. Charles is an amazing  teacher, He cleared all my confusions.Though i have taken some other python courses in past but this is best. Thank you Dr. Charles and Coursera for this amazing course :)
This is my first course on Coursera and the experience was great. I am able to program in python now. Great teaching by Sir Charles. Thankyou Sir for teaching us programming in such a simple manner.
Enjoyed the course and found it easy to follow. Before this course I tried a free course through another program. They assumed too much about python was already known and it was difficult to follow.
Loved the course design, instruction and assignments! Thank you very much Professor Charles Russell Severance!I recommend this course to anyone who would like to get started with Python programming.
This Course Is Really Awesome For The Beginning Of Python Programming Language And The Instructor Is Also Really Good.He Taught Each And Every Concepts Clearly And Precisely.Thank You A Lot Coursera
Easy to understand the basis of python ...would really prefer for all engineering students to pursue this course before joining college for a better and clear picture of programming in your classes.
I really liked the structure of this course because it takes you through every step on a good pace, without rushing into things, making it easier to understand concepts that are not familiar to you.
This course is really very nice for anyone who is starting computer programming, as teacher also made videos on the computer working and that benefited me a lot. Thanks a Lot for making this course.
This is a great course it helped me a lot to build my python programming skills.I will highly recommend this course to my colleagues and friends so that they can also take benefit from this course .
great course. I had little to no experience with python. This course helped me to understand the fundamentals of programming. Charles Severance is a great teacher. It is fun to listen to his videos.
It is the best course for learning basics of python or learning programming for the first time. And the real life success stories made me not to feel bore and kept my enthusiasm. Thank you coursera.
I had already discovered much of this teaching myself as it came up, but this course provided me with a greater understanding of some core concepts which i have already put to good use.Very pleased.
Easy and useful not only for Python, but for all programming languages in general. In this course there are only basics and you need to study further in order to be able to use Python serious tasks.
Excellent course for beginners! The lecturer does a very good job at explaining every aspect of Python, which makes learning programming much easier that I thought it would be. Strongly recommended!
The lectures where helpful, and explained very well.Each and every topic covered was very clear for me. and the style of teaching is very good.Thank you Mr. Charles and also thank you coursera..!!!!
Great course for beginners who are keen on learning programming. The professor is very knowledgeable and funny. I found the lessons explained in simple ways, which help me learn the language faster.
the course is very interesting and easy to understand. Especially, I would like to give a big thank to Dr.Chuck for his teaching method which makes all those programming language stuffs much easier.
I felt this course was perfect for a beginner,such as myself. I felt challenged by the assignments, yet not overwhelmed. If you have no prior knowledge of programming, I think this class is perfect.
Such an impressive professor. I love his way of teaching. Full of sense of humor. Class is full of fun. I can't wait to finish all the requirement of this course and to get enrolled in the next one!
Prof. Charls use a number of easy-understanding samples to get student involved in computing logic. I like his humor, his dedication and his special manner of being interactive with remote students.
Thank you Pro. I'm getting more and more interested in Computer Science and Python. This is a whole new world to me and I feel excited when completing this course. I hope you can teach us continuing
Very
engaging course, helpful for people like me, without any knowledge in
Programming. Lectures are full of useful information and not only
about Python. Professor Chuck makes lectures fascinating.
This course makes sure that every student get the concept clear from the basics. The professor makes sure that it is easily conveyed to students and he is highly appreciated for the same.Thank you.
It was really a wonderful course. The tutorials were really amazing and it makes a good sense. I could rebuild my base in python programming and now has confidence to do a simple program by my own.
Huge fan Of our instructor he made the subject interesting from day one with the bonus content and his dedication to make programming easy to everybody is great had a great time doing the course!!!
The instructor, Mr. Severance has done an excellent job in explaining the basics of python and it is mostly video based rather than too much of textual matter, which makes it even more interesting.
This course is pretty awesome for someone who is new to python & want to learn some basic syntax & semantics of it. It's not the full course, with advanced topics, but is enough to get you started.
If you want to start the python programming and have no prior knowledge about it , this is my first recommendation just go for it. this is one of the best course for this topic available out their.
This was an excellent course. Always informative, sometimes testing, but with a bit of hard work (and computational thinking) it is a great introduction to Python. Plus Prof Severance is excellent.
I just don't think anyone can teach this any better..! I am so grateful to Professor Charles Severance  and Couresa,  and if anyone is looking to pursue from step one, definitely this one's for you
Beginners,trust me, don't panic. With zero experience you will thoroughly learn the basics of python through this course. Go ahead, the teaching is simple ,subtle and fantastic. Credit to Dr.Chuck.
Not only did this course give me a basic understanding of python and programming, but it also inspired me to continue learning more about programming and computer science in general. Thanks, Chuck!
Excellent sir... Only suggestion is the assignments especially the last one is bit complicated... If possible just brief us out about such programs...but at the end it was Really good online course
This course is beginner-friendly and what stands out is that instead of choosing conventional examples the instructor has done a good job in selecting good examples that structure this course well.
Dr. Charles Severance is an amazing teacher. He makes it very easy for a student to get basic knowledge of programming with python. The contents of the course are very accurate and up to the point.
This course is helpful for beginners for learning python. It teaches us the syntax, how to use float, else if and conditional statement. The interesting part was the quiz, it was not at all boring.
I thought the instructor did a very good job of walking you through the basics of python and didn't rush too quickly into anything too complicated. A great way to get some base knowledge in python.
It is a very good course for beginners who are interested in coding and look up to it as a career option.It is the right course to build the foundation for coding and yes, the instructor is awesome
I loved this course. Prof Severance's teaching method is awesome and I feel like he's a friend helping me out with this. I'll keep going with my new learning and build on these skills. So excited!!
I am really happy by choosing this course because this course have and very impressive technique for teaching at every stage we get an test and assignment and which sharpen are skills more and more
Thank you so much Dr Chuck to teach us such an amazing course with much valuable information. Although I did not do very well, I love this course so much!! Thank you a ton! I've finished it, yayyy!
I am very happy to getting this course. It is very educational for me. I would like to continue with the next course. Thank you Mr. Charles Russell Severance for making the programming easy for me.
Great course.  I am a C# developer looking to also learn Python, so I watched all the videos on 2X speed and flew through it in a few hours.  It was a good way to get the foundation of Python fast.
Another great course by Dr. Chuck!  I never thought I would learn the basics of programming so quickly.  The assignments are so fun that I forget I'm being graded.  Looking forward to the next one!
This Course is best for people with no prior coding experience It establishes a connection of coding to everyone and teaches basic python and enhances your computer programming knowledge and skills
This course was really helpful for me who is coming from a non-computer science background but wants to start from scratch. Thanks to the instructor who has tried to teach all concepts very simply.
Thanks Charles for explaining the concepts is such an easy language. This is really good course for anyone who has never even learned any programming language. Looking forward to more such courses.
Good course for absolute beginners. Gives a complete overview of Python programming and also makes it seems very easy and interesting, which in turn makes you confident to proceed to learn further.
I have learned a lot from Dr.Chuck and got lots of online help from his team on the Forum. A great course for beginners like me! Would definitely recommend this course to my friends and colleagues.
Nice program, i learn the basic programming with python language. The content delivery was so clean, and easy to understand. The quiz was really helping me to measure my understanding of the course
The professor is amazing in explaining the material. The assignments in the course really help to train the material you have learnt. I found this course very helpful for myself in learning Python!
显浅易懂，条理清晰，适合没有编程经验的同学21/5000
Xiǎn qiǎnyì dǒng, tiáolǐ qīngxī, shìhé méiyǒu biānchéng jīngyàn de tóngxué
Easy to understand, clear and organized, suitable for students without programming experience
I like the course design and the exercises are very helpful to review the key concepts in the videos. I think the course wants to teach us how to think like a computer scientist by learning python.
This is a great intro to programming. Charles is really easy to understand and makes sure beginners do not get discouraged. If you already know some basics you can speed through the videos quickly.
I do learn a lot about python from this course.Even though I'm a super beginner as to python, but this course gave me kind explanation and inspiration.I do wanna recommend this course for everyone!
The pace and structure are perfect for the beginner programmer. The courses build in difficulty in a logical progression to help the learner gain a solid infrastructure for more challenging topics.
Dr. Severance is the programming professor I should have had back in '87 when I was crunching thermodynamics with Fortran 77.  Boy I was lost back then!  He does great and it all works well online.
The course is very much helpful in understanding the basics of Python. Any one interested in programming can clear the course with good grades.Looking forward for the next course on Python.Cheers !
Indeed helpful course especially for folks with little or no programming experience. Concepts are explained in very easy to understand way. Recommend anyone who is starting the programming journey.
Quite accessible for anyone who has never done any programming. It is very engaging! There could be harder exercises to practice but in general the course is well structured and exercises are good!
It's an exceptional course on Coursera. Course is a bend of theory and wisdom lectures from Python founder and inventors in computer sciences. It's always pleasure to listen to Professor Severance.
Great overview - went over things many times but patiently and slowly. I have taken a few intro to programming classes and this was one of the easier to follow and understand ones I've experienced.
This course is very basic and is for the learners who are very new to programming. If you already know the programming in other language, only keywords are different and may not be as you expected.
Best  professor and amazing course. Need  to make people work more. Assignments are interesting. Include more than 2 assignments as people taking online courses don't get time to work on their own.
Excellent ! I am a total beginner and this course made me to go for more... I have learned the very basics I know but at the ends the course got me motivated and eager to learn more, so it works !!
This class was great!! Easy to follow and the exercises are truly for beginners!!! Thank you very much Dr. Severance for putting together this class! I'm looking forward to take the rest of them!!!
The course is excellent! The content is very clear and the professor even makes it fun to learn! I would recommend it to anyone interested in programming with no previous knowledge in the subject.
Great course. Very informative and easy to follow . For anyone looking to finish this in a shorter time frame: I completed the first seven weeks of material in six days and never felt overwhelmed.
it was fun learning python from this course. the best part about this course is the explanation of each and every concept very clearly and this course goes slow that's a good thing for a beginner.
Very useful course. Instructor Prof. Charles Russell Severance has put best efforts to explain in most easiest way. Also his teaching style brings more interest in subject. Big Thanks to Coursera.
i have learnt lots of things DR.CHUCK is such a cool and inspirational teacher each and every class was very interesting thank you so much sir for making these quarantine days into some useful way
Good amount of detail and analogies for new learners. Was able to get through quickly as a more experienced user of Python to ensure I was up to speed with everything taught for the later courses.
Believ it or not- but this was my best experience with Python! You can feel the experience through your screen and it will impact you- ready or not.See in in next course Dr. Chuck. Over and Out...
nice. at first it was slow and had to fast forward or skip video. in the end it caught up pace and i had to rewind videos. Program while watching videos as per instructions and you will save time.
Excellent course!  I was an absolute Python beginner before taking this course and I learned some of the basics.  The lecturer (Charles Severence) is a very engaging, clear and thoughtful teacher!
Thank you for such nice course available to us.This course really help to understand basic of python.Those who want to learn basic of python this is right course to start learning python language.
The course is very useful in understanding the basics of python and how it functions. The way fundamentals has been explained justifies the name of the course. Looking forward to the next courses.
very good course cleared my basics of python but if u already know any programming language then it will be very easy for u to complete this course like me. overall excellent course for beginners.
Amazing course and amazing professor. Every concept explained in detail. Try to finish all the graded assignments and worked examples as they really help in getting a better grasp at the concepts.
This course offers pretty much what a beginner wants to know about python. The instructor of the course explains the concepts of python very well so that the learner gets the basics of the course.
Very practical and realistic learning experience ....i request everyone to try coursera for better learning the best place to learn more from the scholars with additional concepts in a easiest way
I love the professor. He is showing us that everyone can learn a bit of coding. He explain complex problem in a simple way. From a non programming background, I don't feel threatened by the class.
It was really the best experience for me programming all exercises without help from others and just watching the videos. Hats off to Charles Severence and to the University of Michigan. Thank You
This is really amazing course, this course cover all basics of python and the instructor of this course is a very interesting person, i have learned all the basic stuff of python from this course.
Ideal progression pace on the subject and loved the way the details were accentuated, not bogged by the love of the subject rather patient enough to understand the student and pace it accordingly.
Most experts explain their topics with to much complexity for the novice learner. This course is not that. The professor has done a great job starting from the basics, making it engaging to learn.
The course is very complete and the explications are simple and easy to understand as someone who has programmed in Python comparing the content to how my first semester learning the language was.
First of all thanks to the team coursera for accepting my financial aid application and allowed me to take that course. It was a great learning and i am looking for such awesome courses in future.
a great one for beginners at the same time if you are an experienced programmer in other languages you can speed through the course and feel confident that you learned python. very well explained.
This course is so good for the beginner and the professor is so awesome! I feel like the course load is pretty light compared with normal college course. Therefore, enroll it and enjoy the Python.
Great course, Dr. Charles Severance (Severus Snape) gave a good introduction to python programming (parcel tongues), the course is definitely a good choice for every beginner interested in python!
I found this course very helpful in getting started with python. The course curriculum is quite interesting . The assignments and quizzes provided with course are helpful in clearing the concepts.
DR. Chuck has immense level of knowledge about python and he has beautifully imparted that knowledge to me. Thank you Michigan University and Professor Sir. Looking forward for more python courses
It is a good course for those who are starting to program. I recommend do it even if you already know some programming language because you can review some topics and learn python in the begining.
This course is designed perfectly for beginner of computer languages. Highly recommend to take this course before starting to learn python in any other programs in youtube.com or google materials.
Perfect way to introduce yourself in Python world. Dr. Chuck is allways funny and you really enjoy watching the videos. The course structure goes slowly but sure that you're learning step by step.
This course has been awesome and I want to thank to Coursera, the  University of Michigan and Charles Severance for all the knowledge shared that encourage me to keep learning Python and coding!!!
Excellent introductory course! The teaching style as well as the carefully constructed curriculum was awesome. The videos were easy to understand and the text was fairly easy/ lightweight as well.
Really good explained for a beginner in programming. Begins easy, but you get more and more an in-depth explanation of programming. Awesome professor, explains it very well and keeps me motivated.
Really easy to understand the basics of Python with the help of an amazing instructor,Dr. Chuck ! Very informative and the best part for me is that you don't have be good in mathematics at all :P
Thank you for the course. I think it would be more useful to have more small exercise within one week. So students can not only listen to the theory but what is more important, can more practice.
Even if you know nothing about programming, this class will teach you the basics of the Python language. It should also stir up your interest in learning more about computer coding in the future.
very convenient to understand. the instructor was very cool and knowledgable.Instructor made this course very safe and easy for us to understand. I loved this course it was an amazing experience.
The very tremendous course for beginners in Python it covers from scratch. The instructor is very awesome with having the best convening power he used good examples for the sake of understanding.
The course was very well taught and easily understood even for beginners in coding, the lectures and quizzes and assignments were very well explained. Overall it was very good learning the course
Enjoyed learning python with the superb tutor, the excellent organization of the content exhibits the involvement of the tutor to make everyone to
learn and become a master in python programming.
Beautifully presented by Dr. Chuck . Highly recommendable for Python beginners irrespective of their background. Literally this course is designed for everybody.Thank you very very much Dr. Chuck
The way Dr.Charles Russell Severance   teaching this course is exceptional. Along with basics of Python language , completing this course will give an idea about how to teach a programming course
A great starting point for anyone looking to learn python and programming in general. Dr Chuck is a great instructor and has included extra tidbits into the industry for some additional knowledge
Great course for beginners! Dr.Chuck is a great teacher who makes the concepts very clear and the assignments and quizzes resolved my doubts very well. Thank you Dr.Chuck for this amazing course!
it's soooo good. The lecturer makes everything simple and clear. He applied visual aids to help me better understand the abstract concepts. The quiz and assignments allow me to do more practices.
Thank you for teaching programming in peculiar way so that we understood new thing in easy way. Thank you for the videos and the content which was useful through out our journey. Thank you a lot.
if you are looking for a course to help you start learning python this is definitely the right one .It has a lot of examples and the instructor is really good and has a fun easy way of teaching .
First of all I would like to thanks my Instructor.This course is very easy for everyone.Course content are design in simple way that every one can understand.I am fully satisfied with this course
PY4E is my first coursera which I finished completely. I have to say it's a perfect course for beginners to get familiar with the python programming. I think it makes me get interested in Python!
This course is one of the best course I have taken on Coursera. It's is an amazing course who is a beginner in Programming like me. I am very fortunate to find this course on Coursera. Thank You.
Great course my only complaint is not enough assignments to apply and practice. Hard to make up scenarios/situations to solve when I don't know what I can or can't do yet in terms of programming.
well outlined, and the content is easy to follow for beginners. It would be best if there were an update and it do a version of python 3.Overall, it is a good course, from the ppts to the e-book.
Great!! Interesting and fun. Easy to learn and people who does not have experiences in programming could successfully understand. It's very easy and interesting. I strongly recommend this course.
I feel like programming is a serious gap in my otherwise quite good education and Dr. Chuck set me on the way to correcting that in a very fun and professional manner. Thank you, I'll keep going.
It's an amazing course, even for beginner's who barely had any knowledge about programming. It includes exercises that teach you step-wise know how and a logical flow towards understanding python
Very tidy and step by step course. Dr. Chuck has a great sense of humour, it wants you to keep wanting more. The bonus videos with all the great inventors of the languages is like cherry on cake.
I had a little bit of knowledge about Python coding before taking these courses, but it was very insightful and helpful in my quest to learn more and helped instill the things I did already know.
Very funny and experienced Professor!Very helpful and thorough course, but a little bit too easy.Very good starting point for those want to learn programing but no previous programing experience.
helpful and i enjoy a lot during class, conceptual course but explain everything in preview of python and also thanks for our teacher that has just made us more experienced on python fundamental
I had no experience with any kind of programming, but in this course everything was given step by step, so it was interesting, because it was not too easy, but not so hard that you want to quit.
Good for basic Python syntax and semantics. Too basic if you already are familiar with the semantics of another programming language. Then it's better to just look up the syntax and differences.
overall taking this course was really a good decision. I really liked this course. prior I had no idea about Python but after taking this course I feel like I've started learning a lot about it.
Easy to getting started and then more challenging as I put together all the building blocks of python that I learnt from the previous chapters. Overall very well laid out videos and assignments.
The instructor of python programming is very good .Quite nice way of teaching.This course is properly designed and developed for each student .I am looking forward for more such courses .Thank u
This course is very good! I totally recommend taing this course even if you cant afford to pay for the specialization. Dr Chuck is an incredible teacher and you will really learn a lot with him!
The course is very well structured. The concepts are very well explained. The instructor does a great job at making everything seem very easy. Looking forward to the next courses in the series !
Great course! Dr. Severance explains concepts with excellent clarity, while ensuing that the lectures do not become dry and factual. This is a great start for anybody who wishes to learn python.
I am very Thankful to Dr. Chunk and coursera team Excellent Teaching and very good explanation but more examples required for practice , plz explain with some examples while teaching theory part
Very informative and efficient way of teaching. All the basics are covered which every newbie programmer should know and it's easy to grasp. The quizzes will help you to solidify those concepts.
Instructor of this course is very good with python and his teaching skills and teaching methods are just incredible. i recommend this course to everyone who wants to start programming in python.
Perfect for the people who are new to programming, every topic was explained in detail. A little bit slow for people already familiar with some programming language. Overall great python concept
This course is simply awesome. I come from commerce background and had no idea about coding at all. But, not even a single time I felt that I am not understanding it. The instructor is too good.
Great, It was fun learning from such a great professional teacher. All difficult & hard topics were taught in a simplified way. Looking forward to complete all the courses in this specializatiom
I learn the basics of python programming from this course. It is very easy to follow and the instructor isvery good in conveying the lectures and assignments are a good way to practices programs
Love this course! It's easy to follow and there a little jokes here and there that make it interesting. I have some experience with Python so it was a lot of review but it was still interesting!
Excellent course, very well organized and explained. I had basic previous training in C++ in the Engineering grad but even for a student with no background I believe it would be easy to pick up.
This course is very nice and clear for the people who want to learn a new programing language and programing beginners! Thanks a lot! Hope many people can be familiar to Python with this course!
First time i've finished an assignment!!!need to say is first time i've understand programming, the way Charles teaching it is fantastic and make sense!!! there's a reason why i'm willing to pay
I would definitely recommend this course to anyone with little or no background in programming. Everything about the assignments and the resources provided was clear, concise and easy to follow.
Excellent! The course content is highly relevant and informative. The teacher is great at explaining complex concepts for beginners and in keeping up listeners` attention. Certainly recommended.
Excellent way to start understanding the core concepts and syntax of Python. Doesn't delve too deeply into anything advanced, and is a perfect way to see if you'd be interested in further study.
This class was awesome, I have no idea programming and it was always a threatening issue to me. Dr Chuck is a great teacher who knows how to make the students feel confident starting programming
Very good course for beginner. Prof teaches very elegantly and the concepts are brought about with clarity and easy to understand method. I simply love the course and professor's teaching style.
Great course, step-by-step learning. Content is easy to understand and well explained. Videos provide further explanation, if required. If you want to learn Python by yourself, get enrolled now!
I am a beginner in programming.. Never felt this curious and engaged in a course till date... Very well designed to keep a student motivated curious and interested.. I am enjoying this a lot :-)
It's a very good lecture. Dr. Chuck not only teaches skills, but also minds. It is the difference between a computer and a human and a human being must know what a computer does not understand.
This course part 1 was quite subtle and nice for beginners  with an interesting tone and gestures to the content. Not gonna forget about the reference to outer world and pop-culture  stuff too.
Loved the course and really enjoyed the professor.  Harkened back to MY initial programming experience in the 80's with the punch cards myself.Taking the next one!  Can't get enough of Dr. Sev!
Prof. Charles has a great knowledge of python, he knows his subject so well. though, from a commerce background,  I can proudly say I have started programming, thanks to this simplified course.
Just like the teaching methods of  Dr Chunk its very easy to understand his explanation. Thank You Coursera  for giving this wonderful opportunity to learn and make us love to keep on learning.
Really good course! The teacher is the best. I really learned a lot about the basics of Python. I hope I'll keep learning that much a long the rest of the speciealization. Thank you very much!!
It was a great experience. The instructor is an excellent teacher and was very gentle and helpful throughout the course. I really loved learning python and planning to continue working with it.
I think that it is the best course ever among i have enrolled yet. This is so knowledgeable and easy in understanding . I am strongly recommand this course who want to learn Python from basics.
wow.! It is the best course to immerse ourselves in programming with python, well-explained connections, the tool that is used throughout the course is great for doing online programming tests.
this course is great! I would thank the instructor and the University of Michigan for this opportunity, and I recommend this course for those who want to learn python or programming in general.
Excellent course for anyone who wants to learn programming or coding in python. Dr. Chuck Severance is an amazing teacher and presenter and it really easy to follow his classes and assignments.
Good Course for anyone who want to start programming. The course is structured in a way that anyone with lowest level of computer background able to start learning programming. Thanks Professor
I think this course is very good for the beginners, to understand the concept or not only concept, But what is actually the python language is . I will definitely suggest this course in future.
The professor, as promised, is comprehensive and makes things easy for even those without any background in CS or programming. But he stretches a bit too much in his zeal to explain everything.
I am very interested to learn python,  i got right platform and insturctor, who made me understand clearly with out flaws. Thank you sir for your patience in explaining the things with clarity.
Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher. he made this course very much interesting with all the sounds he makes in between teaching. The course autograder is also very good.Thanks Coursera and Dr.chuck
This course is really a learner-friendly one, after finish all the lectures, i do have a way more comprehensive understanding on python and on how we are going to implement python on our works.
Excellent,interactive and fun course for programming beginners. This course is designed in such a way that you don't even find any difficulty in this. A recommended course for everyone by me :)
Fantastic teacher, good pace and very easy to follow. Really enjoyed the assignments and they definitely test your knowledge of the course content. Overall very well put together and presented.
Very good and easy-understanding  for raising interests in the programming area! I didn't realise it is so cool doing programming when  I was in university! Should have met this course earlier!
Dr. Chuck is extremely engaging and explains concepts with practical application very clearly.  The exercises and feedback mechanisms for the course are also structured well.  Thanks, everyone!
This course had awesome examples and was very good for teaching the basic syntax of Python. I'd highly recommend taking it for beginners and even people who already have programming experience.
This course will teach you the basics of python. Even if you have some good experience with other programming languages like me, this is still a great opportunity to dive into the python world.
It is a great online course for those who want to start learning about python. I like the way the instructor taught, the practical exercises. I recommend everyone start programming with python.
I found this course very interesting. From a zero knowledge of Python I finally managed to complete the whole course in about 3 weeks. The teacher is an example of how a good teacher should be.
This is the second or third python class I have taken and by far the best. I took it as a refresher, but I really appreciated the online textbook and the first section about intro to computing.
Great course for beginners to learn about Python. Prof Charles gave a very good introduction to the world of Python and delivered the course in a simple and easy way for students to understand.
Dr Chuck was really inspiring, the teaching methodology and the approach towards students in very much appreciable. Very easy and quality study for beginners! Loved it. Will learn more of here.
This course is well planned out and well executed. Dr. Chuck is clearly very knowledgable in all aspects of the curriculum and does well in spacing out the material in an easy to follow manner.
Enjoyed the class especially since Dr. Severance is the best teacher I've had in a very long time.Too bad he was not teaching when I was in college I would have transferred to Univ of Michigan.
Very good course. Although targetted for absolute beginners, it was fun to learn python and looking forward for the next course. Would have preferred more challenging assignments and exercises.
I think this course is quite easy for beginners. The instructor explain everything clearly, and I can review them by finishing the assignment. I believe I can write some simple Python code now.
This is really an interesting course! Dr. Chuck could explain the deep concepts in a very easy understanding way. He is also a very nice person! I learned a lot from this course! Thank you all!
I had zero previous experience in programming/using python and I was able to successfully complete this course. Charles does a wonderful job explaining everything in detail. Highly recommended.
The teaching style was simple and to the point without adding unnecessary information so the points are crystal. I would recommend this to anyone who is learning there first or second language.
A good introductory course. Lots of time spent explaining basic concepts with good examples. Be sure to get the book (free pdf available) and read the chapters to help you with the assignments.
Fantastic introductory course. The lectures are clear, concise, informational, and even entertaining. I would recommend Programming for Everybody to anyone who wants to develop computer skills.
The lectures are clear and easy to follow. The assignments are interesting, challenging, and actually want the student to pass and understand, instead of being tricky barriers to stop progress.
This course is amazing! Python is fun and it change my perspective in programing language forever.  I will tell this to my friends. Don't scare coding. Thank you to make this course come true.
Awesome course! Exceptional pacing, help those who felt like they weren't cut out for programming gain some footing in the subject. Dr. Severance is patient and kind, I learned a lot from him!
Very interesting and amazing class. The teaching style of Dr. Chuck was really different and good. It's a good platform for beginners in Python. Thank you for providing such a wonderful class.
An Awesome interaction with the course completely understood all the Concepts of programming I'm just getting started , Dr chuck is an amazing instructor Thank you Dr chuckThank you Coursera .
I couldn't have asked for a better course for starting with Python. It has the most engaging and dedicated Instructor, the pace is just right and the course material is structured effectively.
I am very thankful for dr. Chuck for giving this opportunity a new thing about python. This is amazing start with basic and it is great when every chapter is complete with assignment and quiz.
I like it so much. Teaching style is so good. You can learn Python easily and fast thanks to the this course. Charles is a very good teacher. I think he knows how Python can be teached easily.
Very good background appeal for programmers starting as well as with knowledge, one of the most renowned people teaching you, so feel blessed, all the parts are covered when you pay attention.
Amazing course, Simple yet Interesting examples. The lecturer has won over my mind to the amazing world of Programming, If I have him as a lecturer in the future I know ill be learning proper.
Great course for absolute beginners! The people who are already familiar with programming might find the first few lectures boring and slow, but as the course progresses the pace does as well.
Thank you professor Severance for making this detailed course. your method of teaching which includes highlighting the smallest of details helped me in understanding the language with clearity
Very well explained course for beginners and the way you teach makes it really interesting for the students and I was very excited and motivated to learn the next part as the course progressed
In contrast to the lousy data science class I took this is excellent. Actually it is excellent period. I almost did not take another online class because the IBM data science class was so bad.
Course felt just like a college class. Well structured with a balance between videos (not boring), modeling and assessments. Python is introduced from concept to reality in more ways than one.
This course is pretty friendly and suitable to a novice like me. The professor is very humorous and his lecture is clear and articulate to a foreign student. anyway, it is  a great experience.
Well done. I liked to dig deep in Python and understand the main principles. Well structured, easy and nice course with sufficient examples to check your knowledge and fill the gaps.Recommend!
An excellent course to learn the basics of python: I really found it good and enjoyed the way Charles Sevarance taught the course. One of the best and my favorite instructor after this course.
Very Good course and the instructor is also good.
assignments are good but there should be more assignments or there should be given some practice questions also.
Overall very good experience.
It is a good tutorial for learning python from basics where it highlights all the basic needs in any program and python is not different. awesome tutorials with adequate quizes and assignments
Dr. Chuck is great. He explains things in ways that are understandable to people who are not already familiar with the course material, which is a surprisingly rare trait for most instructors.
Very accessible course which allow to understand the basic functions of Python. The lectures, videos and materials are very well made.I am looking forward to continue with this specialization.
I started with 0% knowledge of Python and absolutely loved every minute taking this course. I will definitely continue with the specialization. Dr. Charles Severance is an OUTSTANDING teacher!
To be honest I was surprised of how programming is teached in this course honsetly I strongly recommend it to anybody want to learn programming from zero background or with a medium experience
Material of the course organized well and easily grasped. Suites well for beginners. Experienced programmer can watch the videos very quickly and get introduced with basic rules of the script.
Excelent course. I am a programmer teacher and I do not know Python. That is the reason to do this course. But beyond that I am excited because the examples and the way to teach are very good.
Fantastic class! Very easy to follow, very easy to understand the concepts, everything is explained clearly and with a lot humour.Thank you, professor Severance, I absolutely loved this class!
Easy to learn, lectures are funny, and Professor always tries to motivate you for greater accomplishments. As title says, this course is a starting point to an incredible world of programming.
A really nice course. It sets the path for further learning, teaches the concepts from the ground-up and combines them very well.  A very good option for begginers to get started with Python.
The python for everybody class help me to figure out the python work logic ,and I can try to write simple code to calculate Max,Min,and sum.It is useful for me to learn more program language.
This course is very useful to know about coding basics and how to develop program.I learned so many things.The instructor Charles Russell Severance take the subject more intresting.Thank you.
The course is very useful and helpful for a beginner in programing .
Charles sir explained very well about the concept.
Since it is free, every student can try to join and complete the course
Very practical and enjoyable course. Dr. Chuck made this course very friendly and I enjoyed every minute of it. Learned basics of Python, and I am looking forward to learn more in the future.
I prefer online compiler where you can give task and assignment at the same time which will be even more benefit but overall it easy to learn once the concept is understood.Thank You Coursera
The course was very well structured for beginners. The course materials were great . Explanation was fantastic. Highly recommended for those who want to learn the basics of Python Programming
Excellent, in-detailed, if you're a beginner to Python or did you know java or C++ already. This course is for you. The instructor also seemed to be too good in teaching & explaining concepts
The best
course for python... I will suggest every person who wants to learn python
please go through this course. everything in this course explains from basic
and you will enjoy this course
It was a great experience. The topics are designed and discussions are made in a way that it'll be easily understood by someone who doesn't have any background to programming. Worth the time!
the most fun I had while practicing quarantine is through this course!!! thanks to Dr. Chuck. he is an excellent tutor. I would love to meet him in person some day and tell him that in person
Nice course, those who are looking for the python course must come here for this course that course is for them. Things are easy understandable here. Nice starting with python by this course.
I really loved this course because you could clearly see the passion for computer science and engineering in the eyes of the instructor and all the difficult terms were explained very nicely.
Dr. Chuck this the best ever course i ever had sir I would be glad to if I could meet you and work with you .I would be thankful to this course to have an instructor like you thanks a lot sir
I have learned basics about python programming language and looking forward to continue courses related to python provided by University of Michigan i.e their specialization course in python.
AMAGINE, I HAVE BEEN ENJOYED ALL THE SESSIONS. THIS COURSE SHOWS GREAT IMPACT OF LEARNING IN EASY WAY. I REALLY APPRECIATE DR, CHUNK TO DELIVERED SUCH A LANGUAGE IN VERY EASY AND ELEGANT WAY.
Outstanding course. Dr. Severance is easy to follow. Never felt bored or overwhelmed. Dr. Severance easily grabs the attention of his students with examples, analogies and simple explanation.
sir abbopted a very simpl,logical,efficent way to teach all the major portion of Pythonand personally i like the one example that sir, told (dog only understand keyword other are bla-bla-bla)
Good course to start with! The instructor made it look easy. It is useful in learning to use proper functions, loops, if-statement with proper syntax. Overall a good course for the beginners.
The course elucidates the very basic of programming with python in a non-complex manners.Besides making the whole course a fun-to-learn journey,the instructor showed remarkable oratory skill.
Wonderful introduction to Python. Absolutely no experience with programming of any sort and I flew through the course due to great teaching and approachable material. Looking forward to more!
Excellent course. Gave all the basic stuff along with some great Hands-on.When you want to start learning and cant understand where to start this is your solution.Go with this Happy Learning.
I am very satisfied and grateful for the knowledge that I have acquired so far. I will hope to get your financial help to continue with the other courses of "Python for Everybody". Thank you!
Detailed in concept, great course !!!assignment 5.2 is a bit challenging since the requirement is quite abstract for foreign learners (Especially those who are not native English speaker ):-)
This is for the very beginners, but Chuck makes an amazing job explaining all these concepts.If you are not new to programming, this class won't take 7 weeks to complete, probably one or two.
I enjoyed this course on "coursera". I strongly recommend my friends to take their online courses here. Prof. Charles Severance did a great job to teach students online.Thank you so much sir.
I am specially from IT background, though I had fear of programming and I had not able to program but this course really helps me to learn flow of programs, looping and fundamentals of Python
I'm from Pakistan.Thank you for providing such a good material.Easy & understandable English lectures from great Dr + Prof.Hope you will also come here in Pakistan & I'm waiting for that day.
I really enjoyed this course. I am completely new to Python and Dr. Severance took a nice pace, not too slow and not too fast, which allowed me to remain "caught up" and confident throughout.
Best place to learn python...with excellent teacher.. Our professor Dr. Chuck. Thank you sir for this awesome teaching ...it was very helpful..thank you sir.. Again.. Love you sir... Cheers!!
This is Surely an amazing way to start a programming career. The instructor is more friendly than a mate and you will never miss a classroom. The most fun way to learn Python on this planet .
Amazing course and incredibly amazing instructor Dr.Chuck is very funny and make it super easy to understandrecommend this course so muchI am willing to take all the course taught by Dr.Chuck
Awesome course for getting started with Python. Dr.Chuck has explained the very basics of the programming in way that anyone with non-computer background can also understand this very easily.
So far I've enjoyed it. The lectures are well paced and cover some introductory topics at a relatively approachable depth. Comes with a ton of resources as well, which I found really helpful.
Assignments are very helpful in learning. You truly have to figure some things out on your own and really think things through. The teachers on the forum are also quick to answer and helpful.
Charles Severance has explained the Python building blocks in a nice and fun way. If you are completely new to programming, its a really good place to get you quickly started with the basics.
Helped me, a total beginner in programming, grasp the basic concepts of python easily. Looking forward to continuing on the more advanced modules and will definitely recommend this to others.
Well explanation that I have ever come across especially in programming and thank you for coursera for giving this kind of opportunity for free. Thank you for everyone who made this possible.
Awesome experience. Dr. Chuck is a good teacher, gives real time examples, walked us through his world  tour. Perfect Videos , sessions.I would give 10/10 for Dr.Chuck , Sir you are the best.
Perfect course to start learning python. I cannot recommend this class and its professor enough. It is simple to follow, and all the quizzes and exercises truly help you learn python quickly!
This course has added a lot to my knowledge and i do recommend it to anyone who is new to programming and want to learn python! Special Thanks for Dr. Charles for his great way of explaining!
It was a great course, easy to learn and full of interesting examples. Python is a very interesting Language to be learned and I hope to develop my skills on it and start making my own games!
This lesson is perfect for anyone interested in programming and Python. It is vivid and easy to understand. I hope there will be more courses like this for you to learn. Thank you very much.
This is the great online learning course that I had ever learned. All lecture videos are very satisfied and  can understand easily. The teacher is also funny and patient in teaching courses.
the course was very informative & lead me to understand the basic concepts in python programming.thanks a lot the instructor for simplifying the coding language and making me to learn faster
I had learnt C++ in my high school very well. Learning Python was a decision inspired by my friends in college. This course provided the kind of guidance I was looking for quite a long time.
The instructor is awesome and the designing of course is fabulous and super easy to understand. I found this course great. I will suggest who want to learn Python Must must take this Course.
The course was very useful, being a newcomer for programming, I could able to write programs in Python after this course. Content and delivery of  content was good and informative. Thank you
This is an amazing course, you will definitely understand the basics of python programming, Dr. Chuck is an incredible, high motivated teacher, who will help you understand the whole topics.
i loved to learn programming from Charles, The user interface and the whole syllabus along with the quiz and assignment helped me in having a greater understanding of the python programming.
Before this course i didn't understand at all Python and how to program. But now after i took this course i'm really happy. Dr Chuck explains clearly everything and has really good material.
Great course to start if no prior experience of coding. Covers the basics & adds excitement while learning. Professor Charles explains the importance of programming & applications very well.
Its awesome.I personally feel i improved much better now.The instructor was soo cool and funny .He made the hole course to learn with joy . I enjoyed alot while learning and solving problems
Thank you Coursera and Dr Chuck.This being my first course taken in many years has been the most awesome experience in education ever!!Keep up the good work!! Kindest regards Finlay Malherbe
It is great being a part of this course.I really enjoyed each and every class.I did not even feel bored doing this course. Thanks for the wonderful experience I have gained from this course.
this course is really designed for the student who thinks they can't learn Python. Specially instructor effort is really fruitful for the students and I really enjoyed instructor experience.
I really have learnt Python basics rules and how to apply them in a program and I know that it is just an starting. Finally happy today because of getting Certificate. Thank you coursera.org
Clear and concise lessons that you will remember. Assignments that let you apply the lessons, and if you have questions or get bogged down, formidable help is available in the forum section.
Great class for students who have no prior experience in programming. I'm an intermediate level programmer, and I took this course just to get a feel for python (the syntax, the basics etc).
Great course and lecture quality. Worked examples are thorough and give a good entry level understanding to the language. Looking forward to what the rest of this specialisation has to offer
The teacher in this course is best of the best excellent for beginners, very well described, great understanding grasped and its simple, very simple, as the title says python for Everybody .
Excellent course if you are starting to learn python, you feel confident after attempting the examples throughout the course. This course is a truly valuable addition to your learning goals.
Perfect course if you are a beginner with no background in programming.Mr Serverance is the perfect teacher who makes learning new concepts interesting by giving easy to understand examples.
It is a very gentle introduction into python but it provides a useful starting point for someone who hasn't done any programming before. The presenter is good explains concepts very clearly.
Brilliant!!! The way the professor teaches the course is so interesting and easy-understanding!!! I would like to take more courses in order to "communicate" with the professor continuously!
In this course I got practical skills for using Python. Thanks to this course, I managed to write programs on Python. Thanks to the creators of the course!! I will continue to study further.
While I have had some background in using Python, I never formally learned it so I'm starting from the beginning. This course is slow enough for beginners and a great start to learning more.
The instructor was very friendly and we can learn a lot in this course .We will learn a boundary knowledge about python i think on the further courses we will be learning a lot about python.
This class is really good for learners who have no background in Python or programming. The courses are well scheduled and illustrated. I will definitely recommend this course to my friends!
I would say this is a fabulous class! I would recommend everyone to take the course no matter you have coding experience or not. Really appreciate Prof. Charles gives us such a great course!
Great start for people with no programming experience.  I have experience but never learned formally and so watched the videos accelerated and picked up some fundamentals that I was missing.
Thanks. I have learned basics of Python programming via this course. Unfortunately, to continue this course is not free. In my region to pay for online courses is not possible for this time.
Highly recommend to all of you out there, who have no programming experience or even those of you who think you hate programming. Dr. Chuck can make everything fun and this course proves it!
I enjoyed this python course. Prof. Severance teaches every topic very systematically with example. i like that and i learned lot of from that. now i am starting next course. thank you sir..
Cool course if you have little or no experience in programming. If you already know other programming languages (I know R) is also a good starting point despite the "slow pace" of the course
This is a very inspired starting point in learning programming skills in Python. I'm very glad I finished this course and I consider I learnt a lot. Thank you Coursera for facilitating this.
Solid, entertaining intro to programming and Python.  Dr. Chuck does a good job of not overwhelming in the first course while giving enough info to get us started on the road to programming.
Awesome Course. The way Respected Instructor teaches, even a person without technical background can become an expert.Due to his style of teaching and content people start loving programming
I worked in IT for 12 years including at a software company (not as a programmer) This is the only course I've ever come across that finally made programming approachable and understandable.
This course made me realize that programming is not so hard and that I can handle it! Thank you very much for the opportunity to learn Python from scratch! Definitely taking the next course!
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) is a five star course. Like the name of the course, I could get started with programming with Python a little. Thank you, Prof. Charle
This course is no doubt very useful but I think you should teach more keywords and more practice although its an amazing course, instructor is very engaging and made course very interesting
It is a good course for beginners who have just started the python as a programming language .It gives a basic understanding about the python language. Thank you for making this course free
Amazing course! Very easy to understand and grasp python programming. Anybody who doesn't have any background knowledge of computer programming can learn this course.Thank you Dr. Chuck :-)
Easy to follow for a beginner. The assignments are quite helpful with moderate hardship; they allow you to practice writing a code, check the error and improve your code so that it can run.
Best way to start programming. Incredible coach, well taught, and guided. It will not take you more than 4 days to complete, even if you are totally new to Python or programming in general.
I want to surely suggest this course to all the beginners, who wanted to learn python but still struggling about from where to start. All concepts well explained, keep up the good work sir.
I am so interested in space and cse and coursera has helped me a lot as i am financially down and could'nt afford books but i am so happy that coursera has helped in getting base of python.
Great course! Great instructor! He made sure the concepts are easily understood and explanation of each type and term helped a lot as much as his making of python sound like a "person" did.
The last assignment is too tough ,due pop input bar was not closing .after putting "done".it takes input otherwise it was taking input continuosly input.please take care of it while solving
It was really helpful for me. I have learned beginner things for Python after completing the course. Thank you everyone who worked so hard to prepare the resources for this wonderful course
It becomes easy to learn as the video gets parted into one by one for each functions.And side by side the assignments are very much interesting with their own creative skills and own ideas.
Best Python for beginner for any person who looking to start with programming. Assignment are quite challenging so you need to think properly. Solved it chunk by chunk and play by the book.
It does cover all the basics and i am sure that this is a good course to recall your skills if you droped python for one year to have relations with java but realized that your X was better
through this course, learning python became an enjoyable and fulfilling experience for me and now I feel confident enough to go through the rest of the ''programming for everybody'' course.
Sir, I want to say thanks for teaching me .Sir, you gave me a good memory. I Will never forget you. You r good teacher 👍 . I want to meet  once with you in my whole life. Good bye sir ....
This was a wonderful course ,especially for beginners.This program taught me to look at the computers and the programming in a very different way , which encouraged me to learn programming.
For a complete beginner to Data science or Python.This Course is a fresh breath of air.He is slow which helps for begineers a lot and the Course is actually fun by his teachings and idelogy
Great comfortable easy pace. I have done a few beginner online courses for Python, but this is the first one where I feel like I truly understand the basic concepts covered in the material.
I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot. The course material, all the slides and that hardware stuff was really awesome. Professor Chuck is really good at explaining python concepts.
This was my first course at Coursera. I made good decision to start this course and i am happy to continue my learning in the next python course by Dr. Chuck.All in all, I can recommend :-)
Dr. Charles has been a great mentor in the entire journey of this course. I will recommend to my friends who are interested in learning python. And I wish to meet the instructor personally.
It is very basic for a rookie who wants to enter the Python world. Plus, the content and teacher both are very friendly. So it is a nice choice for people to take the first class on Python.
I very like this course. It's cover basics but assignment went me to think and it was great experience to code a little programs by myself. I completely sure that I'll go to the next class.
Good intro to Python and programming in general. I have a few years of JavaScript experience and was able to complete this course in 2-3 hours. Very good detailed explanations with visuals.
assignments are testing what I have learned in the lectures and the exercises are construing my programming ability. teachers and staff responded to my question quickly. everything is nice!
This course did a great job of presenting the basics on Python programming.  I am looking forward to continuing the specialization, and learning more useful ways in which to code in Python.
Amazing course! The content in the textbook is very easy to comprehend, and the exercise in the textbook and over the internet is challengeable and cover the whole knowledge in the chapter.
Great class. Very good pace. Dr Charles Severance is a great lectures who keeps the audience engaged through complex topics. I am planning to continues the rest of the Python specialization
Perfect introductory course. The professor does an excellent job of explaining the syntax and intuition behind the given snippets of code. Exercises are great introductory practice as well.
The lectures were on-point, humorous and engaging.  The assignments were easy enough for a first course.  The responses on the Discussion Forums were quick.  I had a really good experience!
The best course for the starters. A detailed explanation of the curriculum and the best explanation so far. The coolest part is the quizzes and the assignments with a deadline. I rate 5 /5.
This course is a great introduction to python. The instructor is awesome! He does not make learning programming in python intimidating for a 'newbie'. I've enjoyed learning python thus far.
I enjoyed learning Python for everybody thoroughly from Professor Charles. Thank you! Also, the book: Python for Informatics has been a great help to me in understanding Python much better.
Great way to get an introduction to the Python language. Well structured, helpful to incentivate self-study and in the video I feel the passion of the professor. I definitely suggest it !!!
It is a easy introduction to pythons. I think it is for the very beginner, who will not work as a programmer in the future. I attend this course because i want to use it in my study of law.
This course is highly recommended for beginners who have none or little knowledge of programming languages. With the help of this course one can learn the basics of any programming language
Had a really great learning experience, this course is a very good point to start for people who have no experience in programming, almost every concept is explained in detail from scratch.
Good course for beginners who has no experience in programming. An 
introduction to python and basic programming concepts. I think it is too
 easy for someone with a programming background.
Wonderful, easy to understand ! I have tried codeacademy and found this course on coursera more structured and interesting. Professor Severance is humorous and explained everything clearly.
I had zero experience and I wanted to break into programming in the worst way. This course not only made me feel like it was possible, but it also made me excited to continue learning. !!!!
Brilliant! Simplified and very easy to understand.I sat through two semester of C++ lectures and learnt very little, but this short course taught me a lot of concepts and how to apply them.
Awesome class. Way better than the other intro programming courses I have seen. I feel like I'm actually learning something and I enjoy the class. (something difficult with online classes).
This was really a brilliant course ever, I have learnt many thing about python language, I will suggest to every students please join this course and get maximum benefit thankyou Coursera.
It was amazing course to build your base for python programming. What I particularly like about this course was the programming assignments, they were really tricky but a lot fun to solve.
I really appreciate the way our instructor sir has introduced us to these basic fundamentals of Python programming. His detailing was very good and easy to understand. See u in the future.
I think that the professor is very funny and at the same time teachs us very kind, i understood everything and i will enroll the next course right now to become better and better on python
Charles Sir , I am very thankful to you for teaching us this course on python. I must say it was a great experience while learning. This course is very much well designed with assignments.
I have an awesome experience & learning with Coursera, Dr.Chuck my course instructor he has been phenomenal throughout the course & so is the content offered by the University of Michigan.
It's an amazing course,mostly because of Dr.Chuck,who magically makes us understand the most toughest topics with wonderful explanation and great humor.Overall a most recommendable course.
I didn't even feel  that i,m learning any machine language although  i,m knew about programming before taking this course but i,m damn sure that beginners will definately enjoy this course
Coursera helped me a lot!! Very happy to have carried on python course in Coursera. My guide who taught me python was too good. Thanks a lot !! Would love to do a lot of courses further :)
I liked this course and also it helps me to do my own correction in some programs when error comes  it is because of this course vedios and readings and I improved my skills too,thank you.
had a great experience with this course. looking forward to complete more courses. Everything in this course is good and results in good practice of programming and understanding concepts.
The best course to get introduced to python , instructor have the skill to teach all type of students which is appreciatable, definitely recommended for those who want to start with python
It is very interested and also who one dont know that much they can also take basic in very good mannerFrom my side one of Very Good Good Thanks to all lecturers and supporters sirs/madams
A great course. The professor has the positive energy needed for teaching. Somebody learning this for the first time under this teacher is going to have a long lasting attachment to Python
This is an Excellent Course. Worth your time. This is the beginning part but it's very interesting. The instructor is excellent teacher. You will definitely enjoy the course and content!!!
Really Informative. From a professional coder to a layman everyone can catch up with the sessions. I personally liked Dr. Charles for his sense of humor in the different tutorial sessions.
It is a excellent course foe those those who don't know even the 'P' of PROGRAMMING or don't know any of the language.
This course also dosen't need much of maths .Only the basics will do.
Dr. Chuck is very friendly , also this course is really easy to understand .If there is a course and a teacher like this anyone can easily get certified .Thank You Coursera ...............
Pretty Interesting course with a basic introduction to Python Programming, friendly instructor, easy to understand material, too much easy, if I may be so bold, but essential for beginners
Nicely done course. All matters talked about were extensively described, thoroughly explained and made understandable to everyone who just made their first steps in programming with Python
Great course. Easy to follow and complete the tasks. The material is presented in a clear and intuitive format. I enjoyed the experience and am already enrolled for the full specialization
Really engaging and very well made course. For people with no to very little programming experience. Very structured and easy to follow. I did most of the course in a few days. Now onto #2
This is a great introductory course.  Last assignment could of perhaps had a little more instructions, but it was solvable.  I would suggest having many more mini assignments for practice.
I did self-study in python and I watched and read hundreds of videos and websites and articles, I never crossed to such an amazing course as yours. I never give 5 stars but YOU deserve it.
Excellent python course for beginner, highly recommend it. It helped me to understand the python basics of python programming and gave me lots of confident of beginning programming career.
This is the best course for beginners with no prior coding experience and makes your fundamentals stronger, highly recommended for everyone who wants to learn coding and especially python.
This course is very basic. So for guys who are new into programming, this is the perfect course. For those who already have a certain amount of knowledge might not find this course useful.
Dr. Chuck(Charles R. Severance) is one of the best English-language teachers that I've learned from. I really want to suggest him and his courses to anyboy who interested in IT. Thank you!
Excellent work by the esteemed team @ Coursera & University of Michigan!! A great learning experience! Excited to learn, in-depth, the applications of this phenomenal programming language!
Very easy to follow. Charles is a great instructor that able to guide new to programming student like me to success. I am more confident in IT field then it was before! Thank you, Charles.
A good introduction to the basics of Python3.  This is class 1 of 5 in the Python specialization I am looking into.  The assignments were straight-forward and aligned with what was taught.
This course is excellent starter who are very new to programming. The trainer makes it very interesting and explains each concept so that any one can become a programmer. Loved this course
Great Experience. Could be frustrating at times, since the grader wants the code "Exactly", but I guess this makes the studying tougher and thus better. Overall very satisfying experience.
Wonderful material, easy to go along with but the assignments get progressively harder and tricker. Very much recommend for anyone learning to code or wanting to know the basics of python.
I'd like to recommend this course for anyone who want to get the first step on Python learning.It's interesting and logically clear to help get familiar with this language in a short time.
A simple and easy to follow guide to Python. Very informative to a beginner such as myself. It's a lot easier to learn Python through this course rather than on the Python.org site itself.
Definitely recommended. I have no prior coding or programming knowledge but the course is effective in making one understand the language. Would look forward to the 2nd course.Thank you :)
Great way to learn the basics. Much better than the book on its own. Nice style, simple explanations, and helpful coursemates to answer questions and discuss topics with. Highly recommend.
Very intuitive and easy to understand course. the flow of the learning course coupled with the assignments makes this a must go to course for anyone who wants to learn python from scratch.
I love how this course contextualizes each programming concept, instead of presenting it in a vacuum as other programming MOOCs I've attempted have done. I'm very thankful for this course.
its a great way to kick start you career ! and don't be sad if you didn't get the output at first item just motivate urself from error and you will  got the solution as soon as possible!!
first of all I like to thank to coursera for providing me scholarship for this course. Every bit and byte of this this course is amazing and I have learnt a lot by completing this course.
This was amazing ...!! being a physical science student and a beginner  i have never tried reaching out to the computer science which is also so amazing (especially python ) ..Thank you .
Very good experience with this course.It is absolutely helpful for beginners.Dr.chuck lectures are Very interesting and is easy to understand.Thank you Coursera for giving the opportunity
I should congratulate the course teacher whose interaction is best and enjoyable and made this course easy and understandable. This course would really help me to run through future jobs.
Excellent,although even without having any programming experience I completed this course easily.I never get bored while completing these course. It's a good starting point for beginners.
Great course, great materials and wonderful teaching style with special thanks to Dr.Severance.Without any doubt, this course is one of the best programming courses that I've ever joined.
Fantastic course for learning Python! Fast and straightforward. Effective teaching. Enjoying every minute of it, I am now creating for loops and understanding the nuances of the language.
It was my best experince learing online in such a platform at coursera during the lockdown.I to recommend other of my friends to study and learn new technology with their updated version.
Dr. Chuck is really a good person as well as a good teacher. He has made this Python course so easy & comfortable for beginners. Everyone should try this course who wants to learn Python.
It was a very helpful and informative introduction to Python. The lectures were very clear and Dr. Severance has a deep understanding of Python, which made it easier for me to understand.
It's a very helpful course for people with no programming background. Everything was very well explained. I wish this professor was teaching my programming courses when I attended U of M.
I loved this course. Now I understand the basic of Python and can read, understand and write python code. This course has increased my confidence and interest in learning Python language.
A great course if you want to learn python whether you have prior knowledge in programming or not. The instructor is such a great man , he explains everything clearly and in a simple way.
Its a good introductory course for python which quickly familiarizes you with the syntax and some of its nuances which do not exist in other programming languages like C/C++, Matlab, etc.
Very begginner friendly !However, if you already know a programming language, this course is not for you as it goes in length over the basics of programming (syntaxe, functions, loops...)
Dr. Chuck is awesome. I wish I'd had him as my computer science instructor over twenty years ago when I was first introduced to programming. He makes learning a new language fun and easy.
wonderful course you will learn programming in a really simple way by a great teacher Dr Chuck, i even knew all the topics but still enjoying it and learn so many more ,thank you Dr chuck
The course is really amazing and simple. The lecturer and the TA are really helpful. I can recommend this course to any one even if the one does not have any background about programming.
I like the teacher very much because he is so humorous and intelligent. But I think the course is too easy to learn a lot of useful things. After all, thanks for the great effort!!!!!!!!!
This is a great Python class for all beginners who want to learn the basic skill of Python.  Dr Chuck makes it very easy for students to understand the concept of programming.  I love it!
Course is really good for beginners, Instructor is really good and goes in -depth to clear out the concepts. The course might be too easy for those who already have programming background
This is an excellent course! Perfectly pitched for those with no prior coding experience.  Clearly presented, with well structured practice exercises to test understanding of new concepts
Great beginner course to start with and polish up Python fundamentals. Charles is also a good teacher. Highly recommended for anyone who are having second thoughts to joining this course.
An excellent starting point for learning how to program. Very suitable and explained extremely clearly for anyone who is wants to start programming, but has little or no prior experience.
Perfect for programming beginners. If you're already an experienced coder and want to learn Python, try subsequent courses in this specialisation as this is a very basic and foundational.
Nice introduction course, very well structured and easy going. I would recommend it to anybody that would like to get started in programming, it will make you want learning more and more!
Programming for everybody was very helpful and a good start for learning Python. Thanks for giving us feedback and the nice videos as well as the page environment. It was very motivating.
Amazing concepts to learn for someone from non - coding background.Just loved the course. I am all excited to complete the Python specialisation from coursera and get ahead in our career.
This course was really amazing. The best thing is that it teaches right from the very basic which can help even a person not acquainted with programming to grasp the language very easily.
Excellent course for the ones with no experience or even understanding of programming languages.  Thanks to Dr. Chuck for his efforts.  His lectures are really fun and easy to go through.
The course is really great and is surely  going to help me a lot.Thanks to Dr.Chuck,his way of teaching is quite interesting and very easy and comfortable to understand and grasp quiclky.
I Would Recommend this course to someone who is new to programming,or someone with little programming experience.This course is the best way to learn Basics in Python! All the Best folks!
Charles is a great teacher, had never ever done coding ever before, but through this course a new interest has taken shape and I am sure this would be helpful for my professional progress
I fun and interactive way of learning Python for beginners in programming.  Many thanks to Dr. Charles Severance and the Coursera team for putting together an easy to work through course.
Good Course design for the beginners who does not know anything about programming and Python. Must Give it a try so that you can know and understand the basics ! overall i will give 9/10.
Great introductory course, much better than other courses on python i have taken in the past. The professor's teaching style is very engaging and the course as well. Highly recommend it!
it is an amazing program which starts from zero in python and ends up making you write a 10-15 line program by using various functions of java and by implementing them made me very happy
Excellent course for any beginner! And if you are here to just learn Python syntax with some prior knowledge of coding in any other language then completing this course will be a breeze!
This introductory class was great! Dr. Severance's lectures made the material fun and motivated me to keep working even when I got stuck. I look forward to taking the rest of the series!
I am very glad that i am learning this python course from coursera with free of cost.it is very useful to me for my career.it's a good platform for the freshers to learn pythonthank you!
It is a most suitable course to start your career in python.I have to mention about the lessons of Prof.Charles Russell Severance,he is amazing.I felt very clear when  hear his lectures.
Very awesome course .Earlier I was not able to code in python and after I started my course with Dr. chuck it really helped me to gain my coding skills back on track .Thank you coursera.
This was an excellent course with a great instructor. The material was concise and interesting. I feel like I understood the material and the help from my fellow students was invaluable.
Very nice course, which is taught exceptionally well, But support for code running is lessI mailed them to ask some things, but never got reply...still nevertheless, This course rocks :)
Entertaining and very useful! i greatly appreciate the exercises and interactive tool given to asses them... also, there's a great community support and the bonus videos are just AWESOME
Good course for people who din't know anything about programming.Those who know a lot about programming but not python may take it but I recommend to take some advanced course than this.
I loved this class. It's a great introduction to Python. It was easy to understand all the information and put it into practice. I'm happy to look forward and start creating my programs.
It was the best course I ever had and the best instructor . I really didn't have a computer background but the course was so good that I actually learned without any problems . Thank you
It was fun to type and learn the course in Python course.
Charles Russell Zverens to give him a good direction to Python, Thank you.
I also had fun in Python Lab and solve good problems.
thnx coursera for giving me an opportunity to learn here. i m happy to learn here and learned alot of skills  i have an ability after learning this course that i can make easily programs
Although the topic is complex, mostly for those who has no previous experience in programming, the professor makes the class easy and fun. I really enjoyed taking this course. Thanks :-)
Excellent course .This course is so helpful to any body looking to get basics of python.The  presentation style of instructor is another plus point.So i would recommend this course 100%.
This course was exceptional, it really helps me a lot to know what exact python flow is and how python program can be written.And thanks for great teaching methodology by the instructor.
The course is well balanced. There are videos that explain the concepts very clearly and there are a lot of exercises that challenge your skill. A must-do course for beginners in python.
The videos are very helpful for beginners. All the examples given and the diagrammatic representations of the execution of the code are so apt for anyone to understand what the logic is.
Amazing!Now I get closer to Python lol, with still practice, and hope there will be more interactive directions  especially for assignments (some of them are a little challenging for me)
amazing course just eager to do more and more problematic coding. I just say to my All Friends that please join the course and give only 3-4 hours and your concepts will be crystal clear
I searched for many resources to learn Python. Also learned for about a week and left. But finally reached to coursera and find this course. Its Awesome and learning for more than a week
Huge applause for Dr. Chuck for making this course and subject so easy to connect to and learn. Never thought programming good be so intuitive and thanks to him I feel like it's natural.
Excellent course, easy to follow, and builds a strong foundation for future python courses.  The professor explains all the beginner level concepts in a clear way and makes learning fun.
Absolutely amazing! Dr. Chuck does a fantastic job of explaining every single detail, and because of this it was extremely easy to learn even though I had no prior programming knowledge.
A very good first course for someone getting into programming. The assignments are very manageable and the timeline for the course is flexible for students to progress quickly or slowly.
Great beginner course for Python! Instructor does a great job of explaining and showing everything he teaches. The $10 book that goes along with it is very helpful as well. Great course!
This was very good course for even beginners. I liked the way the course was conducted and the followups done.simple and good assignments to learn language by having hands on experience.
The course is very beginner friendly! Although I am an experienced programmer, Python is new to me, and I appreciate the explanation on the basic fundamental and nuances of the language.
This a great course for learning Python, especially if you have little or no programming experience. Dr. Chuck has a great method for teaching this class in a fun way. I highly recommend
Excellent pace, learning materials and difficulty. I can see the benefits this course will bring to my professional life already! Thanks to the University of Michigan team, and Coursera.
I must thank Dr. Charles Severance for his very interesting teaching way. It is the best start for programming. Thanks so much for giving me this chance to enroll in this fabulous course
Really nice course about Python for people with no knowledge about it. Looking forward to other courses regarding Python because video lectures are very interesting, on point, and funny.
Brief intro to python, good for beginners. Cool professor, especially the wig part. Interviews are also quite meaningful to students who wanna know more about things behind the language.
I'm so impressed to this course. The teacher is very nice and he teaches so friendly....... I will hope to complete all the courses . Pray for me...... I want to be a programmer. ...  :)
Good quality course given by a pedagogic and charismatic teacher!It is too easy for someone who already knows another coding language, but I understand that it is intended for beginners.
This course is really easy to understand for those who does not have basis in informatics at all. The free book is also quite pragmatic.Professor Chuck is good at delivering information!
Very easy to follow, and fun to do. Instructor inspired me to expand skillset with my RaspberryPi with the use of virtual network computing from iOS to the Pi. Onward and upward. Thanks!
This course is an amazing introduction not only to Python but coding and how computers work in general. The videos are super helpful and the professor is very funny and a great lecturer.
This course is amazing to get started on Python language and programming in general, it was easy to learn and well explained, I hope at my college teach programming like this course did
very simple and easy, the videos and notes were clear and to the point, and there enough of time for you to study, even stop and take a break and start again, with quiz and assignments.
This course is very interesting and the instructor is very professional, clear and has a great accent. I would highly recommend to those who are looking for a basic knowledge of Python.
The lectures were very interesting and especially the adviser of the course. I am really enjoying the way he is teaching, even a non-computer science student can understand very easily.
According to this course, you could gain the basic information and skills of Python. The professor is so humourous and logical. He makes every point very clear and easy to understand!!!
One of the best lecturers that I had the honor to learn from. He is able to turn the difficult concepts into simple ones. Course materials are free and easy to follow. Thank you so much
As the name signifies , this course is for everybody. Prof.Chuck is the best person ever you can get as a tutor for this course. Lectures and assignments were interactive and fun to do.
Great Course; Great InstructorIt was a great corse overall. The materials were adequate and moderately distributed over weeks. Learnt a great deal from the course. Strongly recommended.
I am happy to attend all your lecture. I like the way your teaching and I enjoy every lecture and learn many things .i am a beginner and this course taught me a lot to improve my skills
It is an amazing course for beginners. Explained in detail and in the simplest way possible. For students with no prior knowledge of any programming this is the best course for python!!
Thanks for getting me going with online learning. I can see the old coding bug is back and I loved seeing small code blokes run.  Excited to progress to the next phase of handling data.
Chales has to be the funnest lecturer i've come across, he's able to take the most complex subject and break it down to small understandable bits while throwing in bits of humor! Thanks
Really good course for beginners. The best part is the instructor Charles Severance who teaches python right from the basics. Nicely paced course for working professionals and students,
This course is very educational for everybody who wants the learn python. I think that the basics given in this course can apply to even a person who has no knowledge about programming.
As a master candidate, this course is one of the most excellent courses I have ever taken!  Python is a future common language, just like English, so I will try harder to learn it well.
This course teaches us the basics of programming. Being a non-programmer, I could easily cope with the course. I would really like to thank our mentors who have helped us to learn more.
these course are so interesting, I learned a lot. the last two assignment took me about half an hour to figure out the right answer, which further my understanding toward some functions
The course is great, the prof is funny and explain everything crystal clear, i just hope if assignments could be harder and longer, but anyway, I am grateful for this course, thank you!
The progress of the classes is slow, which enables students to follow the class perfectly. The lessons are pragmatic, which give our student an overall scene of the python language use.
This is helps me to learn the fundamental and working style of Python very easily. The Instructor explains each and every statement very clearly with examples help me to know in detail.
This is perhaps the best course among all the courses (not just Python-related courses) I've taken on Coursera. The Powerpoint materials are well crafted and the instructions are clear.
Associate Professor Severence is very good in getting the message through. Lectures are very explanatory and Python itself is very interesting. Recommend to those, who love mathematics.
So approachable. Started the course on Friday and by Tuesday I had upped my game at work, scripting data manipulation that had taken hours previously. Looking forward to future courses.
This course was excellent!  Videos, reading, quizzes, and homework were wonderful and very helpful. I walked away with the knowledge I wanted to, and am excited for second Python class!
This course was a kickstart to my learning of python. It gives me a clear idea of python and arouse an interest to learn it to the depth!Thank you for designing such a beautiful course.
Great course i like it i have learned basics of python here i will recommend more learners if they want to learn basic python then this course is best you will enjoy learning it. thanks
I love Python so much! I am only 12  but I feel like I have been doing it my whole life! There is a 100% chance that I will tell my friends about Coursera. Thank you for coursera world!
Amazingly lucid. Instructed in such a comprehensive manner, which does not let a novice or a newcomer, wonder, as in what is happening....Thank you so very much, Dr.Chuck and Coursera !
This course was amazing. Kudos to Dr. Chuck and Coursera for hosting it. The only improvement I could recommend would be to add more assignments/problem sets for practice of new skills.
Excellent introductory courser for Python learnerand i love to watch the office hour video and interviewsI can see the passion and very funny coursehope you will come to Hong Kong soon!
I have experience with scripting, so most of the concepts weren't new to me.  What I valued here was the Python-particular gotchas, such as indenting and adding colons to if statements.
Our Mentor , he is just mind blowing . I really like the way of teaching.Also the study material and slides are really very helpful.Coursera really took teaching to a very higher level.
This is the BEST course I've enrolled. Easy to follow activities excellent materials and professor. The workload is light with lots of learning experience as  a beginner in the course.
Great introduction to Programming, and to Python specifically. Course moves at a great pace, forces you to figure out problems on your own and has plenty of material to learn and grow!
I'm beginner in programming field. This course proved great help to initiate my python learning. Instructor Dr. Chuck is amazing python teacher, he made concepts very simple and clear.
Being a beginner this course helped me a lot to understand the fundamentals of programming. I highly recommend this course for beginners as well as those who want to understand Python.
If you need basic understanding of Python from zero this course is for you.You will learn all syntax and semantics about python and you're on way to become a great programmer in Python
I think i could successfully learn basic python programming. And the our teacher is very very effective person and he taught us very cleanly according to we can understand very quickly
I  was a beginner . i do not know anything about python but now i have learned a lot of about pythonthis course is very helpful to learn basic python and very useful for me  .thank you
These type of courses are far better than those which had Peer-graded assignments. At least, I don't need to rely on others.Please try to make such type of courses as much as possible.
As I already know the basics of python programming. But by watching this course as a revision. I feel very confident in me. This is the one of the best courses that I have ever learnt.
Great course .After finishing it the only thought in my mind was "why didn't i took it earlier".Give your time and you will get the  basics perfect. Simply amazing.Thanks to Dr. Chuck.
Very good presentation and teaching skills by Dr. Chuck. I found the course material very easy to understand and the assignments were directly related to the presented course material.
Thank you. It was a worthwhile course. I've gained a lot about how to get started with any programming language not only python. The professor's lecture is so awesome and entertaining.
Very helpful and interesting course. I was always afraid of trying out a Programming language but it makes me so interested I will follow the next steps as well. Thank you Coursera....
The professor was very engaging, the study materials were handy and useful. The bonus sections too were very  interesting and didn't let the interest of the learner die off. Thank You!
this course is sooo familiar, earlier l use to fear to code means my mind was not able to decode the coding problems but this course created intrest of coading in me, thank yo so much.
This is a comprehensive Python course for a beginner. Recommended for those want to start learning Python. The instructor is knowledgeable and the example also provided in the lecture.
It is a fabulous course...It will be very helpful for the students that are just started programming...Instructor Dr. Charles Severance is great so you will love his way of teaching...
An excellent course for beginners. After watching the video lectures, assignments and some practice I feel more confident about my  knowledge of Python. Eager to learn more! Thank you.
It was really good and detailed course, i suggest u might add the answers for the program grading since it can help us understand how to right a good code.Rest everything is just great
Great intro, well thought of for complete beginners and really liked the part at the start explaining all the hardware, its functions and the relationships between the different parts.
This is the best course I have ever had in python. The instructor is great, the course is well balanced and the timeline helps to check on your progress.Thanks, Coursera and Dr. Chuck.
The course is fully awesome and it will help me to boost my coding skills in python as well as in my resume.I am very thankful of coursera for providing their platform to learn python.
The instructor is good, the course is incredibly detailed, beautifully made, and amazing for a beginner. These courses are worth a lot more than that for the amount of quality content.
Really enjoyed the course and have alot of confidence not that I'll be able to learn this language and be able to make good use of the knowledge. (And I started as a complete beginner)
This is a really awesome course for ones who a new in the programming world. I feel that Python for everybody is a great initiative by University of Michigan and Dr. Charles Severance.
Really a wounderful couse. I don't enjoyed to complete this course. I want to do all 5  couses of 'Programming for everybody'. Thank you so much for providing us the platform like this
Outstanding class. Dr. Chuck is a top notch instructor.  I just can't believe that this is something that I can do.  All my life, I thought it was beyond my capabilities, but it's not!
This was a great class! I learned a lot, especially loops that I was looking for, but learned more than just that! Charles Severance was a great teacher and I recommend it to everyone!
Took the course and loved it. It is friendly and totally understandable class. I encourage you to take it if you are interested in having the first notions of programming.Cheers!Andrés
Dr Charles is just superb in explaining the concepts of programming.And his way of approach is funny and interesting which helps a lot in learning the course in a very interesting way.
Great course. Lays down the concept behind programming. Its not one of those courses that demand you learn infinite lines of code, rather it teaches you how to think like a programmer.
This is an excellent course for beginners. Especially those who are just starting to program. The work of the teacher is great! It is very interesting to listen and work with examples.
Great fundamental course! Its a bit remedial of you already know the basics of python though. I recommend just doing all the assignments and quizzes in a day for a refresher if you do.
Managed to complete this in 2 weeks as I have quite a lot of time available. The exercises were fairly simple and easy to understand giving me a good grounding in the basics of python.
Very good introduction in Python. Learned that this a language different from the ones I already know and making me confident, that, although not easy, eventually I will learn Python.
Excellent course for the begineers those are willing to begin with python in the world of programming .Dr chuck is very fine teacher and teaches in a very friendly & productive manner
The materials are nice and easy and the instructor is really clear on all the materials. The projects take more time than listening to the lecture videos. Overall, I like this course.
The professor is great, the course is very friendly to beginner and has a very specific teaching material to guide its students to learn and gain the beginner-level programming skill.
This course is very good for everyone especially for beginners. I have learnt very basics of Python under the guidance of Dr. Chuck. His explanation is very well. Thank You Dr. Chuck.
The great course i mean basic is fully clear i think for me now data structures is what i don't like but i think it will be great fun in next part of this course python for everybody.
This is very helpful for me , I learnt many of things like python basics, loops, how to program a code and many more basic things thank you so much giving  me a such a great platform.
it's not intuitive but all the answers for the assignments are there in the lectures which are great and the assignments are fun to do believe I left my video games to do this course.
This is the perfect course for the beginner. It is enjoyable and full of programming concepts. The instructor seems to be very friendly, connected and presentation skill is excellent.
It's a great course for people who are new to coding and python. The instructor really helps students to build up confidence in learning coding. And he explains related ideas clearly.
I totally enjoyed learning this course, also everything was started from ground level and best for students like me who doesn't know C of coding. I would really do the specialization.
It's is really basic course and good for who is amateur in python programming. It gives basic idea so that one can learn basic terminology of python.Thanks for the instructor and all.
Solid introductory course with good quizzes / assignments. Really like how assignments require you to combine multiple items you have not seen together before. Keeps you on your toes!
I knew nothing about programming before this course, now I can do some things. I extremely like how  Dr. Chuck explains everything and challenges you to think. I truly recommend this.
Great platform and great professor with his passion and patient on teaching us those points with details and tricks that we should be aware of as a programming beginner. Thanks a lot.
Great introduction to Python! All well explained, additional information in interviews with industry leaders and great interactive learning with quizzes, peer review and a code tester
I now have a hightened level of desire to learn more about Python because of how much I learnt after completing this course. It is perfect for beginners with no programming knowledge.
This is a very good course which students can study online very comfortably. The professor is also teaching in really good way so that everyone can understand even the complex things.
It was a fantastic course. I learnt the basics of Python and would continue to learn various courses on Coursera. Charles Severance is an awesome professor , very nice lecture series.
It was a very well taught beginner's course for introduction to the python language. I would definitely suggest others who are new to start off here. Short, simple and very effective.
Wonderful course. Thanks so much Professor Chunk. In addition to the easy to follow course material, I really enjoyed listening to the computing conversations. They are inspirational.
Very good course for beginners.  As i am experienced in other programming language i could appreciate the effort put in by Prof to educate in a layman terms with patience. Appreciated
Excellent introduction to Python and well suited for people who have not done any programming before. The pace might appear a little slow for people who already know some programming.
Dr. Severance is a truly talented teacher. The course felt like a personal tutoring session with a very personable and interested professor. Can't recommend this course highly enough!
The first class is very easy. However, the learning experience is great and Prof. Charles Severance is so fun to work with. Thanks for the wonderful introduction course and materials.
It was my first complete course in Coursera and found it really amazing! Charles is really awesome, I like his class so much. How I wish someday to attend his lecture in the presence.
I really feel like I have a solid foundation after this course. There is still a lot to learn, but I definitely know more now than I did before! (And I'm sure that was the main point)
This course is one of the most attractive course for me, I have working for more than 5 years in IT area but never seen before any courses like this course. Thanks to Professor. Chunk
Proffersor Charles communicates an intro to programming for non-programmers in a very gentle and anxiety/fear free style. Making clear that anyone can learn. Which is absolutely true.
Very helpful course for beginners who have no previous knowledge of computer programming! Definitely recommended to all who want to challenge themselves with something completely new!
This course gets full stars because of the content and because of Professor. He made this course really interesting than what it would have become if we had to just study from a book.
Great introductory course to understand basic programming concepts such as variables, conditional logic, functions and loops.  Solidified understanding I got from dabbling previously.
If you don't know anything about programming and want to start learning in a fun and easy way, using an exiting language, then you are in the right place. The instructor is brilliant
Awesome course by University of Michigan.The instructor explains everything in layman's terms that even school children will not have hard time understanding Python!!!Happy Learning!
You will have to work hard to earn this one! Not everyone can get through some of the hard parts of the course. I did sweat to earn this one. Now, I am proud about my accomplishment.
An excellent course for beginners.  Irrespective of our background and lack of programming knowledge,this course ensures that we develop basic python knowledge. Thank you coursera :)
This course is awesome, the author explain the material clearly and easily to understand. I recommend this course for people who interest in programming but don't know where to start
Ok, I breezed through this course because I have some experience with Python. But what stuck with me is Dt.Chuck. His style of teaching makes me want to complete this specialization.
The way DR. Chuck teaches the class is really very interesting and the way he uses everyday life examples in the topics has helped me understand the basic concept of python very well
He is one of the best teachers I learned basic things about python and now I can make simple programs.
It is a great course that gives many resources to learn, i made a good decision
Absolutely fantastic course . Thanks a lot to Charles sir for teaching in such a interesting way . when I started I was just unawared of programmimg and got to learn a lot from this.
Well, it is an amazing course. The teacher is fantastic. He explained everything with much simplicity. He taught us how to communicate with python. Overall, it was a good experience.
Great Course!Highly informative and very easy to understand in the format and delivery of the professor. I enjoyed the course, and I am looking forward to the next one in the series.
It was an amazing experience learning from Dr Chuck. I will surely take more courses from the University of Michigan. Beginners for python, you people need to start with this course.
Such a great course by Charles Severance. i have studied the python course earlier, but the way instructor teaches in this course is amazing. Thank u coursera and   Charles Severance
Wonderful course! This course inspired to take up more such online courses. This particular course is well constructed and explained. The instructor was the best. Thank you coursera.
It may be the good course for the fresher who want to learn about machine learning ,data science ,Artificial intillengence .Great Start course for those who want to learn all of this
Overall a very good course for those who have not done any courses on programming language. But if you have done at least one, I am afraid that this may add little to your knowledge.
If any of you have been scared or find programming very hard to understand this is the best place for you to start. A very well taught course. I am very happy to have enrolled in it.
He is an exceptional teacher and teaches stuff very efficiently.I had a lot of fun with the facts and the extra material on py4e was helpful too.Thank you Dr, Severance and Coursera.
a highly recommended course. Very suitbable for beginner. The content is very solid and the illustration from Professor is easy to understand and follow. Thanks a lot for this course
Sir Charles Russel Severance has done truly a great job in explaining the basics of programming and how python works. The course was very helpful and I enjoyed learning about python.
Dr. Chuck is a rare combination of a domain expert and an excellent teacher. Entertaining, thorough, clear lessons, well-paced. Great introduction for those truly new to programming.
Dr. Chuck taught really very well. This course really helped me to get a basic understanding of the Python. Besides, I feel that the course is really well structured and interactive.
Well organised and comprehensive coverage. The slides and explications are kept as simple as possible, but yet do not spare out important details - a balance that is hard to achieve.
Great introduction. Easy to follow as it is very well structured. Great, motivating performance by Mr. Severance. Many small moments of success that keep you asking for "what's next"
This is a great course for anyone interested in learning the basics with Python. I'd definitely recommend that you supplement this material with your own reading and experimentation.
This course was really helpful for me thanks to the respected professors for their wonderful teaching experience. I didn't face any difficulties while learning this course .Thank you
Extremely detailed course taught in an amicable way, in the most simplistic manner. This course is a must do not just for aspiring Pythonistas, but also Computer Science enthusiasts.
Loved it. I have already had some experience with Python, but this course provided a lot of clarity for me, as well as additional information I never learned in my programming class.
I really like the passion that the instructor has for coding. He made me laugh with the small jokes he cracked in between explaining the coding. Great course. Thanks for making this!
Professor Chuck is the man.  Makes you very comfortable, has a good quirky sense of humor and keeps you from getting overwhelmed looking forward to taking the next 4 courses with him
highly recommend this course. Great instructor. Functions and parameters never made sense until now. I am three weeks ahead in course 1 and about to start course 2. Highly addictive.
This course is perfectly designed for beginners. This course lifts you from bottom i.e. no prior information is required about python. I can't thank much the professor. Just perfect.
First Python class I've taken where I wasn't extremely bored! The professor is great, engaging, and I feel like I am learning a lot instead of writing "hello world" every 15 seconds.
Mr. Severance is an excellent teacher. The training course is very well structured and easy to learn. I do recommend this course for beginners, who want to lear the basics of Python.
Very inspiring and super interesting! I absolutly love his way of teaching Python! Charles is a perfect instructor! Thank you Charles so much! Hope I can find more to learn from you.
Excellent experience !! It was worth it. As an improvement, I would recommend that the theory is also taken up in some videos to showcase the importance of self learning to students.
This course is very recommended for new Python users. It is very didactic, clear and pedagogic.  The lessons are well distributed and the homework have been very useful. Five stars!!
Very clear and illuminating! Professor Severence is knowledgeable and able to render his lectures really interesting. Looking forward to taking further Python courses in this series!
This would be an excellent course for anyone learning the basics of programming though establish programmers might find it a bit slow for merely picking up the particulars of python.
Great course! I really liked the online experience and the instructor did a very good job of explaining the material. I'd recommend this course to anyone who is interested in coding.
I have completed the course 3 months back no certification generated till date. I checked all the possible ways to upgrade my accomplishment. course fee paid. no response till date..
Very detailed and explicit course.For me, as for the one who has a little bit practice in programming before, some of lessons had seemed to "easy". But anyway it is very good course.
Dr. Chuck was awesome. I liked that he didn't read a script and was a lot like college professors I've had in the past. Definitely feel like I have a solid foundation to build upon.
I found this course very useful and now I have gained confidence in programming.  Thank you for this wonderful course and thank you to Dr. Chunks for teaching this course so nicely.
DR. CHUCK You are Great. I am in Love with you and your Teaching Style. You are absolutely amazing and genius in this field. I am looking forward to take other courses teach by you.
I had no BG in programming and had tried several online courses and failed to continue every one of them.  This course completely changed my direction and now, I am into programming
The course touched all the basics required for understanding the Python language. Also, the way Professor Charles Severance taught all the lectures is very interesting and engaging.
Respected sir, thank you for teaching me basic python programming language,  you taught in an excellent way. I thank you to all your teammates and other who worked for this project.
It was great learning Python with Dr. Chuck . The overall experience while taking the course was good and the entire course study material and tools for practical are very helpful .
This is a very interesting course and the instructor made the course very easy and fruitful for all the learner. Anyone can do the course and it will surely motivate them in future.
Its very easy for you if your already familiar with even a single programming  language and want to learn Python . But its a great course   if you've never done programming before .
Greetings of the dayI have learner the basics of python.before the course i dont know about the python this course help me a lot thanking for offering such type of course.thank your
This is my first online course and it is a Great experience.Every module in the course is well managed.I would do more courses form coursera and would recommend others too.Great....
I am a first time learner of programming language and to be honest this course is worth learning. With every excercise, quiz or assignment I learnt something. Thanks for the course.
If you're interested in Python use this. He applies real-life problems to illustrate what he means and even includes mini problems that are simple, but challenging within the video.
Excellent course. I love the instructor. He teaches the hard stuff quite easily and it's not boring. He somehow kept my attention on the course. i would recommend this to everybody.
Excellent introduction to Python (and - I think - to the principles of coding more generally) for the first-timer.  The course is well-structured, clear and just challenging enough.
Charles Severance is one of the best teachers I've come across online. In this course he introduces python to beginners and demonstrates that programming is, in fact, for everybody.
The Professor was a good teacher, maintaining a good balance between stopping boredom and at the same time ensuring that we were learning all the time. A very good beginning course.
He explains very well how to love someone who never knows programming and how to learn. I finished the course and wrote many projects thanks to the course. Thank you for this course
Very simple and straightforward explanations. I loved programming more in this journey. I will 100% continue to finish all 5 courses so as to get specialisation. In a word: Perfect!
Best course to Learn python basic or even to develop interest in programming. The way this course is designee is really appreciable I recommend this course to learn basic of python.
I really enjoyed this course and found the content enlightening, mainly because the lecturer was able to pitch the information at a level and way that made sense to me, very good th
Basic course that introduces the Python language, very well structured, with perfect didactics, by Dr. Chuck, I recommend reading the chapters in the book to delve into the subject.
Great class, teaches all skills starting from beginning. Highly recommend for beginners. Even for experienced programmers, this course is a must in the 5 course sequence for Python.
Extremely cute and friendly professor gave a very clear lecture on Python. I learned C ++  before so this course is very easy for me but the last assignment is very good and useful.
The course is structured which makes it easy to learn programming basics with python. I would recommend this course to beginners. "Programming for everybody", the name is justified.
Great online course and good learning content too.I recommend who start a carrier in programming in Python should at least try this course.Again thank u Coursera and teaching staff.
very good introduction to loops functions etc. if you got some programming experience you can do it in a week as a good introduction for the following courses in this specialization
It has been refreshing to learn the basics of programming and in such an easy manner.  The way Dr.Chuck took us through the basics, it was really kind of easy to grasp the concepts.
Liked it a lot! Information is structured very clever, so you don't feel intimidated if you never learned programming before. Your knowledge gradually becomes stronger and stronger.
As a computer science student, who started coding in early 2016 in C++, I believe this course was a good opportunity to understand the syntax of Python in a clear and organized way.
Easy to follow. The professor entertains you and make you progress throughout the course and let you understand how programming work. Great way to entertain and teach! Great course!
This is a great course! Very straightforward and easy to understand. It also greatly motivated me to explore more about computer science even though my intended major is psychology.
This is an excellent course overall. It goes into great detail, slowly and steadily, and covers each concept from several angles, until it becomes second nature. Highly recommended.
I really like the way this course is presented, fun and light hearted but at the same time feel encouraged to do my best. Thank you so much to everyone who made this course posable.
Best for beginners. Want to thanks both the instructor for presenting this course in the fun and easiest way and Coursera for bringing this opportunity of learning everyone's door,
Great course for building knowledge basis. Fun to listen to. Material is presented in a clear and understandable language. Do recommend for everyone who would like to learn python.
I've had a best experience throughout  the course.To the beginners,I strongly recommend this course without a second thought.Thank you Course era for providing Financial aid to me.
The trainer is best. A must watch course for everyone who are planning to take python as a programming language. It covers a whole lot of basics of python, and hence we must study.
I learned a lot of new things in this course. But the most important thing I learned is the basics of python programming. Thanks a lot for this great course on this great platform!
I learnt things easily and enjoy some little jokes and funny tips from instructor, just felt like doing this course without having a location barrier face to face instead of online
This is an excellent course for beginners in any programming language. Assignments & quizzes are very helpful if you do it on your own. Thank you coursera for such type of courses.
Programming usually is so boring to me, so I give up easily. I have never met anybody that made it seem so  easy and interesting, like I don't even want to stop, Thank you so much.
A great introduction that requires the right amount of effort. And don't kid yourself: There's no such thing as programming without effort. This course makes it all comprehensible.
Oh i wish Mr Severance was my programming teacher. Such a good course.He gradually and beautifully takes us from outside of the machine to its heart.had a great time completing it.
An absolutely wonderful course! I learned a lot about advanced essay writing. I think it is a must-take course for those who are interested in writing academic and research essays!
The journey was beautiful, will be more colorful if the number of assignments increase. Overall learnt from basics and was worth attending. Value for time and money!!! Thank you!!!
The teaching method of professor Charles is very unique and i'm quite impressed by it , in every video he represent the information and fact in very enjoyable and interesting form.
Loved the class. I was brand new to Python; the prof did a nice job breaking the material down enough that I could follow and work through the assignments without too much trouble.
Amazing course. Chuck is a fun instructor, finds the right pace and, most importantly, understands how non-programmers think and what questions they might have. Highly recommended.
I am really so proud to be one of those who had finished this course. It was a pleasure to study with such GREAT INSTRUCTOR Mr.CHARLES. I loved his way so much. THANK YOU SO MUCH ❤
I truly recommend this course. All is good, the information, the practices, the way the professor explain. It is a great platform to learn this language and programming in general.
This is an amazing course and is true to its description. Even if one doesn't have programming knowledge, doesn't matter they will learn eventually over the duration of the course.
Had fun learning python and basics of programming, all thanks to the great instructor, he is such a good person with excellent knowledge and have a good grip on teaching stuff too.
I hadn't done any programming for a long time and this introduction was just perfect for making me fall in love again with programming and teasing me about the potential of Python!
The content was very accessible to the novice learner.  As a clinician and a researcher I see a multitude of benefits for using Python to improve aspects of both areas of practice.
this course is so great for the people who don't have any background in programming, the course contents are suitable and the instructor is so brilliant and funny I really like him
It is a great courses that I learned a lot from the courses, and I think the courses is not too hard for the people who do not have a background on python, c++ or things like that.
This is a good course for beginners in programming and to students that wants to begin coding in python it is a good introduction for computer programming and for python language .
The internet is overflowing with beginner intro to python online courses. After trying several this one proved to be the course I stuck with, and began my journey into programming.
Thank you for this course - it was just what I was looking for!Great introduction to Python and I am ready to go deeper. Thank you to Charles Severance who is an excellent teacher!
Well paced.  The lectures were very informative.  The assignments were just the right level of difficulty to push you to use the information you learned.  I would highly recommend.
For a beginner to programming, this is a very easy to understand course as every concept is covered from the basics. While someone who knows a programming language but has been out
Great teacher, great lessons, this course was really helpful and I feel really motivated to continue in my change of career, I want to become a professional programmer. Thank you!!
Course is excellent. Everything in the course was clearly explained by Dr. Chuck. But I somehow felt this was a really easy course. Should have come across a bit harder coursework.
This course was a lot of fun!  I did most of the programming on a Raspberry Pi 3.  I literally knew nothing about Python programming before starting this.  This course was awesome.
Really excellent introduction. Easy to follow and fun, while making you think about what is happening. Inspires enthusiasm and confidence in my ability to handle more complex work.
It was really good experience and very good learning platform. With this course I have gained confidence about my python programming skills. Thank you very much for the instructor.
I really like how Dr. Severance's way of teaching. His style is unrestricted funny. That's really makes me interest in learning programming. Thanks a lot. I really appreciate that!
Loved this course.   Learning the basics of the programming language python was quite easy.   I highly recommend this course for those interested in picking up the python language.
Dr Charles Severance is clear, accessible and relatable in his approach to teaching.This course will guide you from basic principles to running your very own simple python scripts.
Great way to get a crash course on Python and understanding the basics of computer language. I look forward to expanding this skill set and taking more courses in other languages.
Great introductory course to Python programming. Dr. Chuck does a fantastic job getting you in the mindset of a programming & helping you understand how computers respond to code.
One Of the most wonderful and well organized courses i've ever attended and the instructor is more than professional at delivering the syllabus. thanks to every one worked on this
Best Course on Python. Looking forward to continue other sections of it.And also many other MOOC's.Thank you to provide such a great,interesting and helpful platform for students.
it is really very good course you will have a strong base. Trust me this is the best course to learn ,enroll in it and complete it. The instructor explained every point in detail.
I had an amazing experience through this course. The lectures are amazing and so is the instructor. It was a very helpful and great beginning to get into the world of programming.
It helps me to think like a computer: sequence. It will surely help me to approach things in a more diverse style. I like the instructor, his light humor, and his teaching method.
This was a really well done course! I appreciated that he kept things simple and that he gives you an opportunity to practice and test your ability to apply the things he teaches.
This course has familiarized me with Python Programming. The way the course is constructed is great with all the necessary aspects of programming explained brilliantly. Thank you!
Very much intuitive course. I love the teaching style of Dr. Charles Severence. I am very much eager to do the next courses of the Python Specialization courses instructed by him.
For a complete beginner i would highly recommend this course.You just need to practice a little more questions externally ,simultaneously with the theory you study in this course.
Dr. Chuck's explanation on the topics was excellent that even a beginner can grasp easily. I loved the course and obviously it was very useful to get started with learning Python.
This was a great course.The Instructor is very encouraging and lively.You won,t be bored and will be able to get through basics of Python very easily and effectively through this.
Perfect course for Python intro. This obviously the best to
start programing even if you do not have any previous experience. The
instructor is one of the best I have encountered.
Great course to start with Python. Looking forward for other part of the course. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for his down to earth way of teaching and making things simpler to understand.
Easily for non-engineering students to understand. Even we are non-native English speaker, still pretty understand 90% of the lecture. I hope I could complete all series lectures.
This course is great to learn basic about programming and Python. Dr. Chuck is a great teacher and makes it possible to almost maintain the difficulty level throughout the course.
really a great course, dr chuck takes a lot of time explaining each and every ity-bty things in detail. really a great one. I really enjoyed!a must for every tech-savvy programmer
This course if for those people who want to learn from basic to advance step by step,cleared many concepts and this course helped me in realizing that python is very easy language
its a excellent start for a beginner to learn python, I recommend everyone this course who want to get their basics strong. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for making Python learning so easy.
This
course encourages and helps the student to complete all modules at their own
pace, without placing them under any pressure, I would recommend this type of
learning to anyone.
Great course, helps you to understand python from the very basics and will surely help the students who are not from the data science background to learn python in a very easy way
Extremely helpful. Loved the way the professor taught us this course, he was so motivating throughout the entire course which played a key role in completing it early. Thank You !
This was a fun and informative course. I went from almost no coding experience to being able to solve basic computational problems with Python. Definitely recommend for beginners.
The course was very good. I enjoyed alot during the course. Dr. Charles Severance had a good and creative way of teaching. Don’t hesitate to take the course just do it right away!
It was a good start for beginners. I  started with zero knowledge and I was able to understand a lot and start catching up, thank to the simple explanation and the organized flow.
Very interactive way of teaching. Liked the course, it's content and the tests which are challenging enough. If course is properly studied than all the test and quiz will be easy.
This is an amazing course. The instructor was very explanatory and used the best examples i could imagine to pass information across. I am so excited and ready for the next course
It is an excellent course with a high level teacher, excellent study material, very motivating videos. Thecourse is very well structured to learn quickly and at the highest level.
Great course.  Dr. Chuck really makes the course fun and interesting.  The exercises provided just the right amount of challenge to keep me engaged without getting too frustrated.
I am an art student and I had no experience about programming. But this course definitely leads me to the door of programming and I can understand the contents! Thank you so much!
Good introductory course.  If you've done any programming in the past you can kind of "fast forward" through the videos but it gives you a good overview of the general syntax etc.
Very good course for learning basic Python programming and for you to start to think as a programmer. If you have little or no experience in the field, this is the course for you.
This course is perfect for the beginners and especially who do not have any programming background. The assignments are tricky that pushes us to use logical thinking to do coding.
Highly recommended, particular to beginners of programming. Everything is explained clearly and in simple terms. Was the perfect refresher after a few years away from programming!
I like this course so much.i love prof Charles. He is very humorous and explained in a very clear and interesting ,simple way to make the students understand. Thank you very much!
This one of the best interactive courses I have ever experienced.Thanks a lot to the Coursera Community,Dr.Chuck for providing such a wonderful platform for the student community.
This course is amazing for a beginer. The one-stop solution if you want to get basiv knoweledge on coding and Python lang. Teaching proffessor is brilliant and easy to understand.
Easy to understand python structure.Even though you are not majoring computer science, it is straightforward to follow course.Lecture video and student note is really helpful too.
A great intro to Python! Too much video that didn't seem useful to me (the office hours and accompanying video), but the lectures and practice provided a nice balance of learning.
This course is excellence. As a beginner in programming, I understand thoroughly the lessons. If one can put effort and is a quick learner, he/she can finish the course in a week.
A superb introduction to programming with python that allows people with virtually no prior knowledge to dive into the fascinating world of programming. I can highly recommend it!
Takes it slow, but really helps you understand and grasp what you are actually doing. First experience with any computer programming and eager to learn more. Definitely recommend.
Excelent course! Excelent professor, great pedagogical methods used, a very accesible language and very good quality information. And the book is awesome! Thanks for uploading it.
It was a great course. Even if you don't know anything about programming you can take this course.If you have some experience, you can fast forward to Data Structures with Python.
It was a great journey for me to complete this course so good to learn new things and i really looking forward for more courses to complete in this platform...thank u so much ...
The professor who teaches is simply one of the best teachers I've ever learnt from. He makes it feel so simple and understandable even for someone with no prior coding experience
This course was amazing, I truely learned the way i have to think to beginning write my own programs. Thank you so much Professor Charles your classes maked the difference to me!
Charles is simply one of the best instructors, I wish I had him as my instructor a decade ago when I tried to get into this field. Class is challenging for me but not impossible.
The Course material prepare by the professor is good. His teaching style is also interesting. As another teacher. I appreciated his teaching style. Interview videos are also good
A very laid out structure of the course for better & easy understanding. Taught by Dr. Charles Severance, who's at the paragon of teaching course related to computer programming.
I loved the teaching way of Professor Charles Severance.Due to of his teaching style and look, I really enjoyed this course without boredom and interestingly completed my course.
This is one of the best platforms to learn online programming.The tutors were really good in teaching.Thanks to this platform i was able to complete this course in this lockdown.
Fantastic intro level course. Lectures are very comprehensive, easy to comprehend and digest for a complete beginner, and the assignments pair well to highlight lecture concepts.
Brilliant course. A must-have for EVERYONE whether or not you are interested in Python, Programming, or computers! Teaches you a lot about how to teach and yes programming too :)
Very good course for beginners. Nothing to complain about the teacher, the lessons are splendidly organizated. The material helps you a lot and explains all the subjects clearly.
It is Good Course.But it finds More problematic for those students who are living in Low network/low internet service areas. I would like to request you to look into this matter.
This course is really something, basically I am an accountant and I really excited when learning this course with Dr. Chuck, he make this course really fun and never get yawning.
This is the best python programming course for the beginners and the all lectures by instructor are very easy to understand and and all the quiz and assignments are very helpful.
The course was very interesting. The basics thing about the python programming explained with interesting examples. Real-time programming assignment was helped a lot in learning.
Very easy course for a beginners to get introduced to python. The course instructor is great. Overall it was pretty short and helpful for me to manage with my daily work routine.
Amazing course! It was a good introduction to computer science and python, i had no IT background, but i have studied math in university, so it was pretty easy, but very helpfull
overall good start towards getting started with python, instructor is really nice and humble. He taught so well that now i can say "yep that's really good course to begin python"
The course is exceptional for the first-time programmer. The course is quite interactive with the timely quiz. Anyone can step into the python world with the help of this course.
I really loved this course. It's great!! Charles Severance is an admirable teacher. I liked to listen to him. I hope he will teach the advanced courses as well.Thank you Charles!
Great course for beginner. If want to learn python and not math this course is strongly suggested. Instructor of this course is just fantastic. You will enjoy learning from them.
Very good course. "Dr. Chuck" showed me the bsics about Python. My goal is to lear more about Machine Learning - ML - using Python. It was a good start for my journey! Thank you!
A very good introductory course. Dr. Charles Russell Severance gives a really nice walkthrough across every subject. The grading activities are really good and even entertaining.
The lectures are easy to follow but it may seem a bit long for a single video.But thank you very much for your effort to prepare this course to allow more people to learn python.
Thanks to   Professor  Charles Severance, for imparting the programming course with such a friendly and simple way that the fear of programming really vanished. Thanks a lot sir.
I loved the course! Prof. Severance makes it easy to understand, with great examples and a fun sense of humor. The extra videos were interesting to watch too for additional info.
I had been yearning to start learning programming. Never thought there would be such a wonderful course out there. Was a really fun and engaging way of understanding how to code.
Amazing tutor and great course. The course forces you to test and trial all sorts of codes, to search for solutions and go into forums to find a way. Really a great way to learn.
It is a very good course. I have learnt a lot of things on python even now I addicted to this language. Thanks to Charles also for giving the training such a way. Love the course
Very helpful course for beginners. The teacher is great and really wants you to learn. I highly recommend this course and I intend to complete the rest of the courses for python.
The course has been awesome! The content is quite accessible and the instructor explains it in a clear and informative way, and he is super funny! Helps a lot in getting started!
a very interesting course that is presented in an interesting and simple manner. Instructor/professor was very clear in the explanation and reading material is easy to understand
This course is very helpful explaining of how small programs work. I hope this will be good foundation and helps me understand to write larger programs. Thank you, Dr. Severance.
Good teacher, very lively and entertaining. Course was simpler than I anticipated and completed it in less than 8 hours. Mind you that I have some experience with Matlab and C++.
Thank you Charles Severance and University of Michigan for offering this course online.I have now the basic knowledge for python and looking forward to learn more about python :)
The course is intended for people with none programming experience; nevertheless it is a good start for python programming even though you know others languages... Totaly worthly
Very humorous and professional course, compare to Python official tutorial, Dr.Chunk's book is more friendly to new learners~hope can add more exercises in the future if possible
I felt challenged and excited by this course. I have minimal experience, and now I feel so much more confident in learning how to program! I cannot wait to move on to course 2/5!
This is an awesome course to start and get yourself confident in coding. I loved the instructor Charles. He was funny and made us understand complex things using simple examples.
I have always been nervous about coding by Dr. S. made sure it wasn't scary at all.  Very easygoing and fun to watch.  I look forward to the other courses in this specialization.
The first part of a good introductory course to Python. The automated grading makes this course a little easier to handle, in comparison to those that have peer-reviewed grading.
colours in the slides are not clear and disturb the eyes especially when using purple, yellow and light green. Other than that this course is terrific and the instructor rocks :)
This course is absolutely amazing because it teaches you everything from the very beginning. So if you dont have any background in programing then you definitely must not worry .
It was an awesome well paced class, I would love to continue the course into the data structures.Highly recommended for beginners are those who have some programming background.
This is really great course for beginners like me. I have learned the fundamentals of python and it is really interesting. I have never attempt the good course like this before.
it was an awesome experience to go through Python. i can now talk with Python like my educator said. it was really enthusiastic to walk with my educator. thank u so much sir. :)
As the name suggests its programming for everyone,  this course doesn't require any basic knowledge in programming. Thanks to Dr.Chuck for making python programming interesting.
I am really excited to learn more in this course. Dr.Chuck is the best teacher I have got in the programming field. I am very much impressed and I wish to thank for the classes.
After taking this course, I started believing in myself that I can also do programming. I am totally a beginner. Course instructor style of teaching is Awesome, I enjoyed a lot.
Lucidly explained concepts. Didn't feel the burden of concepts. Well constructed assignments and quizzes. Well organized content. A good foundation for advanced Python concepts.
Completed my first ever course on Coursera.It was fabulous experience while learning Python from Mr. Charles Severance  Special thanks to,Coursera, Py4e, University of Michigan.
It was very interesting to learn Python in the coursera platform.I learn so many basic things during the course and the professors interaction lectures was very nice.THANK YOU !
Really accessible and helpful. Covers a lot of things briefly so definitely should continue to research the topics Dr. Severance introduces, but it seems like a good foundation.
this is a great course for anyone who wants to learn python programming without any prior knowledge and the concepts in this course are very clear and very easily understandable
Exactly what i had envisioned the course to be. Completely beginner friendly. Also great assignments to enhance the knowledge of python. Highly recommended course for beginners.
I enjoyed this course this foundation course it helps me a lot, to explore basic knowledge about python i am so grateful to university of michigan for this course , thanks a lot
Hello! I am from Ukraine and took an excellent course. This course has given me basic Python programming knowledge. Python for Everyone is a great Python tutorial for beginners.
In this, they will cover basic concept.but for the question we have to do from somewhere else.NO language barrier, even a non-English spoken student can also get this with ease.
I love the instructor a lot. he made this simple course interesting and interactive. I have learned the basics of the Python before but Dr. chuck made it to stay with me forever
Amazingly well designed and curated course. Justifies its title, Programming for Everybody. Dr. Severance made all of it look so easy that literally everybody can learn to code.
If you want to start learning programming, This is the place to start. Specially if you have been struggling with it for a while, trust Dr. Charles to make you love programming.
This course is well understandable and easy. The course quizzes and assignments are one step ahead of the lectures that's why those works are very good for better understanding.
Really Good Introductory course on Python and the little quirks and jokes made by Dr. Severance during the lectures make you feel like you are actually sitting in his classroom.
Charles Severance is excellent teacher and you can easily understand what Python is and how it works. This course is one of the best alternatives to get started to learn Python!
As for a totally newbie in a great world of programming - this course was a great experience! After taking this course I have no doubts that i will continue studying this topic.
First of all I would like to thank and Congratulate coursera Team for providing such a valuable Certification for free of Cost. This Course is very helpful for Python Beginners.
Excellent course to get started with Python. Wonderful materials and examples step by step. I highly recommend the course to everyone willing to learn how to program with Python
This course content is really amazing. I like the teaching style of instructor.This python introduction will be very helpful for my further advance course of python in coursera.
Thank you, Mr Chuck, for explaining to us this much and easier way of Python. I always feared of Code. But now I am easily able to understand the Logic behind code.Thanks & Love
This course cover some basics in python and are the materials are well explained. Definitely going to take the following courses. Thank you for your effort. It really helped me.
This course is though-fully designed for all level of learners. One must complete the course (py4E with data structure) to get insight about the control flow and data structure.
This course is a great introduction to Python. The core concepts are clearly explained with practical examples and mental hooks which help reinforcing the newly acquired skills.
Dr. Chuck is an outstanding teacher and has inspired me to press on in learning Python. This class is great for someone with very little knowledge of computer science or Python.
It is a very wonderful course and the lectures are easy to understand, allowing the beginner to get to know Python in a friendly way. I will recommend this course to my friends.
First I must appreciate Mr.Charles for his detailed instruction and easy way to lecture us. What's more, it's my first time to touch programming and feel great, thanks coursera.
I had no experience in python or programming when i started the course but i am glad to have taken this course,it has helped me understand the basics of coding wonderfully well.
Wow it was agreat experience,im feeling like an experienced pythonista and there are still 4 more courses ahead.Thanks Dr chuck and coursera community for giving me this chance.
excellent professor. Though some students might feel that the class was too easy, the step lectures were very helpful for someone like myself whose easily intimidated by coding.
This is my first python course and this one of the best decisions that I have taken. I want to thank Dr Chuck and his compatriots for working so hard to bring this course to us.
I am not new to programming but I felt that this would be a great introductory course for those new to the Python programming language and the concept of programming in general.
This course was very helpfull for me, before take this course i was afraid with start programing, but the way that the teacher explains is excellent, and the book is excelent to
Just a Great Course! It's super friendly to do, you don't get bored watching the lectures or even reading the book, programming is super funny! Continue doing such a great work!
Good introduction, peppered with interesting interviews of people who initiated something new in the Open Source world. And a lecturer who has humour. It was fun to participate.
Dr. Chuck really made me feel enthused and confident throughout this course. Quality of the teaching material is also very high and lectures are interesting, engaging and clear.
Clear explanation, super easy to start with! I benefited a lot from the course. It is highly recommended for those who do not have programming backgrounds. Well done Dr. Chuck!!
This is the best learning platform especially for beginners, we never get bored by teaching of Dr.Chuck  and this is my first online course a wonderful experience :-)Thank you!
It was a really good course. It's meant for beginners and the instructor is amazing. The course is well organised and the assignments are really good and challenging sometimes.
One of the finest courses I have ever done..The tutorials are very good and friendly for the beginners.Besides the assignments are also very standard .Overall I really love it.
It's a very good course! Dr. Severance is a great instructor and help me start to get interested in programming. The assignments are carefully designed. Thanks for this course.
Very Happy to Complete my First Course on The Coursera. Just a Good Start , a lot to come. Very Nice and Pretty much easy course by Dr.Chuck. Thank You Team Coursera and Chuck.
It was my first time learning any programming language. I really liked the way Mr. Charles taught it. It was a fun learning experience. I will definitely recommend this course.
Overall, it was enjoyable experience primarly thanks to the professor. If you want to start learning Python, I would definitely recommend taking this course and specialization.
This course is most suitable if you are new to the programming world or if you are new to Python.  For me, a great course and can get more new experiences. Thanks for everyone.
Thank you very much Professor Charles Russell Severance and the Teaching Staff of Python for Everybody for this very educational and enjoyable course! See you in later courses.
Very Good Course for basic programming start. Dr Chuck is a good instructor giving nice explanations with proper examples. Assignment are not that heavy, but are good balanced.
It was excellent. I had some background in coding, but I think the professor makes it very simple and easy to flow through the course even if one has no background. Full stars!
nice course for a really biggener in programming field if you don't know the syntax of any programming language still its not a big deal you will go on smoother in this course.
This is a very gentle introduction to programming in Python. The videos are very thorough, and Dr. Chuck does a good job of going over everything he's teaching in great detail.
It's a great opportunity  to learners of the python programming ..I'm glad to be a learner of this course,which helped me learn the python programming ..Thank you coursera team
I would love to be surrounded by such an intellectually active people so that I can make the best use of myself to this planet. Thanks for sharing the knowledge. see you again.
This course was extremely useful for beginners with no prior or little coding experience. For me, it was helpful in building the foundation for further advanced python courses.
I am happy to write the review about my course I learned the programming by courser in programming for Everybody(Getting started with python) I am so thank full to this course.
I really like the professor who explained the course . He explained every topic clearly . if there are more and more work sheets it would be more helpful.thank you.thanks alot.
This course is simply Awesome to absolute beginners,  Sir Charles Severance starts the course right from the beginning and makes you feel that programming is really interesting
The content of courses was well scheduled and full of fun. Knowledges about python was introduced in a vivid way, stoping you from having a sense of distance about programming.
Great intro to Python and to programming as a whole. Be sure to go through the exercise of using the CMD prompt to learn additional techniques that will help you in the future.
EXCELLENT CLASS! Thanks Professor Charles! He explains very well, he helps you to build your logical thinking and you'll get 100% on the homework if you go through every video!
It was pleasure to start the baby steps in programming by taking up this course. The course content is well designed taking into account the target audience. Kudos to Coursera.
This is the most wonderful programming course I've ever had! The first time I was told how to think in order to use all these wonderful things: while, for, None, try.Thank You!
Great, instructional videos. The exercises are difficult but it really encourages/forces you to ensure that you understand the material, rather than regurgitating the lectures.
It's a fantastic course. I know nothing about programming before I took this course and it envokes my interest a lot in programming. I like this teacher and many thanks to him.
This course is very friendly to the zero-based students, I benefited a lot from this course.I'd like to express my sincere gratitude to the University of Michigan and Coursera!
Excellent course on the fundamentals - takes you through many elements of Python in a logical progression.  I recommend the course to anyone who wants to know the fundamentals.
Such a wonderful course, Architecture is quite good.. instructor is awesome and so is his explanation. Even materials provides are also great and quizes and assignments are apt
Prof Charles for the win. Wish I can see you teach my future courses as well. Great enthusiasm and built up the lectures very intuitively and in the right manner. Great course.
Loved having Dr. Chuck teach this course!His approach and explanations are easy to follow as a beginner, yet also challenging enough that I feel I got a lot out of this course.
The contents of this course is quite detailed. Very suitable for beginners. If you have some basic knowledge of Python. You can use this chance to go through quickly to review.
The professor is so nice and humorous. This course really helps me open the door of Python. I feel confident that I can start with other more advanced Python courses right now.
Great course for beginners! I would recommend it to everyone who wants to learn the basics in a clear, fun and enjoyable way. Dr. Chuck is fantastic at explaining and teaching.
Great course, material is well complemented with the videos. In the last week will be great to  know what are the next steps or the following courses recommended by Dr. Charles
Great course for getting started with Python. Basic concepts really clear and easy to understand, to start working and programming the basics. Thanks for the course experience!
Good introduction for non-technical folks.I have experience with a few languages, and it was nice to see it walk me through the syntax with progressively challenging exercises.
It was a great learning experience! Dr. Chuck left no stones unturned in making this course remarkably comprehensible and student-friendly. Thanks a lot, Coursera and Dr.Chuck!
Really good for someone who knows about programming, but not in python. The pace is pleasant, it is better than a book, as you hear how the jargon is used. Highly recommend it.
I have more than 10 years programming experience and I started this course just to get familiar with python. I think it is great course for those who want to start programming.
This Is the Best Course For someone who is a beginner and needs to learn the basics of programming.
Mr. Charles Severance's work is admirable. Thank you so much for the course.
Great introduction to Python, videos were excellent - instructions were clear and easy to follow along. Really enjoyed learning using the assignments and autograder, thank you!
It is very good class for everyone who just started to learn programming. This class give you fundamental of algorithm through real life problem references in python language.
very useful and wonderful course...Thank you for everything...I learned so much...Thank you dr.chuck and all the volunteers who is behind this course...once again THANK YOU!!!
Charles Russel Severance is a great teacher! He has a very clear way to explain the subject, and his classes are always interesting. Great asset to the University of Michigan!
This course will be very beneficial for anyone who wants to learn basic programming. This course will be very helpful for the people who are very new to programming or Python.
Great for beginners with no previous knowledge of programming. Even with some programming experience I still find the course enjoyable and it worked as a kickstart for python.
It is one of the great courses in Coursera for programming who has little to no experience In programming. I will start learning the next course and complete the basic python.
wonderful course to get started with python . It was amazing learning from professor Chuck . Its really worth it . Concepts get clear and assignments really get you to think .
I have many times before tried to complete python basic programming course, however this time the instructor made me stick till the end. Loved it and will be joining for more.
Very well-designed course, the instructor was amazing with good teaching and communication skills, the assignments were doable and the difficulty is just right for a beginner!
Loved the teaching by the staff.Assessments problem statements could be better,as it gets a bit difficult understanding them. Overall a perfect course for beginners.Thank You!
Dr. Severance is a very funny person and his lecture is quite interesting. For everyone who never learn how to program before, I highly recommend you guys to take this course.
A good course. and I really liked the course instructor Dr. Charles Severance, however this course would have benefited from more assignments, exercises and practice material.
Really, This course is awesome. I have learnt new basic things of python from this course easily. So thank you coursera for providing this type of course. REALLY AWESOME......
Learned a lot of new things from this course which made my basic more strong and I am looking forward to taking level 2 of this course which is Python Data Structures, Thanks.
This course is very helpful for me .I found it very intersting because the way of teaching in this course is user friendly any one can understand this course as its name shows
It is the best course I have ever done. If you are the baby born for the programming, Dr. Chuck is the best instructor for you. Just grab this opportunity as soon as possible.
Very Good course for python beginner it cover all the basic detail and Dr. Chuk is very good teacher so i will suggest that to learn basic python you should choose this class.
The course was Excellent. Now I am clear with all the basics which are needed to build programs in Python.Hope the remaining courses will also be good and  Easy to understand.
Extremely well-designed course and could understand every word what Dr.Charles Russell Severance said. hope to polish it still further by taking the second half of this course
The course is a very good option  if you don't have any prior knowledge in Python programming. The  Bonus material was good (inspirational). Didn't seemed boring at any point.
A great beginner's course, to brush up programming skills for those who had some prior knowledge of other languages, and also a great foundation course for absolute beginners.
I'm loving these Python courses in the Python for Everybody specialisation. Easily the best ones I've seen so far on Coursera. Great for complete beginners and easy to follow.
It was really helpful to understand the fundamental concepts of programming in python language. Would recommend this series. Also the professor chuck is really a cool teacher.
Dr. Chuck is very informative and entertaining.  This course does a great job teaching the basics of programming in general as well as Python in particular.  Thanks Dr. Chuck.
The videos are really helpful to understand python from basics. Even people from no coding background can grasp things easily because of the flawless structure of this course.
This course was too good. I am happy from my learnings thanks coursera for this course from one of the best university and one of the best teacher from this world.THANKS A LOT
The professor is second to none. He knows which step you may run into errors. He explains the knowledge in a way that even a programming novice like me can easily understand!!
Very well paced, I especially enjoy the Interview videos in the Bonus section, they help me understand the reasoning behind the decisions that lead up to what Python is today.
Not only I learned Python basics, but also I got solid understanding of basic programming patterns in general. I'm sure I can use these in any programming language. Thank you!
So much fun to learn through this class. It can be frustrating at times, but it's super rewarding when your code works! You will learn everything you need for the next course.
excellent course. very easy to understand without any computer science background. assignments are challenging enough, not easy but difficult enough to challenge me. i like it
Great class! Everything was well explained, especially for people who are just entering the computer science world. I look forward to the other courses in this specialization!
This is a very beginner friendly course while still making you ask the right questions. Highly recommended for any non CS students as a stepping stone for more complex courses
Thank you professor! I'm feeling that you are such a great guy. Especially, your office hour video makes me think you are so active and enthusiastic for this course!Thank you.
The instructor has made programming extremely interesting and easy to understand. I can feel his passion about programming and about teaching this lesson. Thank you very much.
The material is presented in a way that gently challenges the learning, in way that showcases the enthusiasm of Dr. Chuck, and the joy and satisfaction of working with python.
簡單易懂 和之前相比去掉了不少冗余的部分和綴文，變得更加學術化。非常適用於初次入門計算機科學的學生。Easy and accessible courses, very suitable for the fresh people into programming.分かり易い授業です。以前を比べて、少し学術的な傾向があるそうです。初心者向けの講座です。
Awesome course for beginner to learn Python ,credit goes to our teacher for  making this course interesting by including interviews which motivated us to complete this course.
Its a very good course. Recommended for everybody. Besides, Lectures are very interesting. If you want to learn programming through scratch, enroll for this course right away.
Actually, I think this course is over easy. I don't think a person with normal intellect need 7 weeks to finish this course. It just took me like 3 days to finish this course.
I got a non-technical background but Dr. Chuck made programming be easy for me to follow and learn. Thanks Dr. Chuck and Coursera. I highly recommend this course to everybody!
The course is for people with little programming background. It is really helpful and interesting. Prof is extremely funny and responsible at the same time. like it very much.
I am a new stduent from india name is akshay goyal and the teaching way is very good of teacher . Its a very good experience learnitng from other populer countrie's university
The best of the instructors, extremely well organised course, with a lot of practical examples and exercises to ensure that you can master the content. I highly recommend it.
I really liked the methods of learning and the quizzes and also it was fun to learn something new being a non tech student with no prior knowledge about programming language.
Great course! Simple and and beautiful. Dr. Chuck's got the best didactive out there. My only suggestion: cut the exercises into even smaller pieces of the big Python puzzle.
I thought learning python is tough and I cant learn it so easy . But this course is excellent and I'm enjoying it. Teaching is efficient and easy to understand for beginners.
Very Helpful, in first i can't understand what happened in there, but charles doing a great job. he explained everything is simply, point to point. excellent teaching skills.
Great insights and great explanations. Dr. Chuck is such a carismatic person and it's so nice to see how he is so commited to open source and offering education for everyone!
Wow! This course is simply amazing! The instructor's teaching style is very engaging. He explains all the concepts in a simple and clear way, that is very easy to understand.
It was indeed a great course and i enjoyed a lot while working out the problems. This course is designed to earn from the basic and gives each bit of information very clearly
This course has helped me advance my knowledge in python. It's a great course taught by a great teacher. You learn the basics to programming in python and it's really useful.
Best course so far  it's so helpful and the instructor is amazing and he made the learning easy and fun I just want to thank you for your greeting and your method of teaching
I really loved to learn python from courseera......I liked the method that they use to teach.....overall it was an amazing experience to learn from courseera and mr chuck sir
It's an amazing and well paced course for python beginners. Loved the way in which Dr. Chuck described the concepts throughout, making them seem much easier and fun to learn.
I am so much glad to complete this course. Although this is not my first time using Python  programming, I so much love the way my Instructor taught me. Thank you once again.
Dr. Chuck is the best teacher for learning python because he teach the topic in the free or funny manner which helps to build interest in the topic and thank you so much sir.
Dr.Chuck has a novel approach to programming that makes it super fun! I really enjoyed taking this course and understood things A WHOLE LOT BETTER. I would 100% recommend it!
really liked the course contain, helpful for the beginner in python  and the training given by prof. Charles Russell Severance, is excellent, i enjoyed...thank you a lot  sir
Coming in with nearly zero background with computers other than the basics, it was quite easy to grasp. Some things just take some time to think through so don't feel rushed.
The course was designed very well for the beginners and it would be really helpful if some advanced techniques are also included in the course, but very well designed course.
I wasn't having any knowledge of programming earlier. This course has helped me learn Python from scratch. I would also like to thank the course instructor Charles Severance.
A great start in the world of programming. The course really lay the foundations for huge future improvements.  Prof. Severance lessons are quite simple and very interesting.
As an introductory course to python i thought this course was very competently put together i got a vry good for how Python begins i look forward to seeing where this will go
The Professor is very humourous. But his teaching methodology is very efficient. I have learnt the basics of Python programming in a very short time but very interesting way.
I thought this course was a great introduction to programming concepts in the context of Python 3.  Highly recommended for beginners and those with basic technical knowledge.
This course is a good introduction to the basics, but I already have the foundation in this area, so I hope to invest in the following courses as soon as possible, thank you.
Even as somebody who was generally terrified of computers and computer-related jargon, I found this course pleasantly easy to follow, rewarding and enjoyable. Sincere thanks.
Amazingly easy to learn and Prof Charles is great at conveying his point across. I am refreshing my programming understanding after almost 10 years and no better way to start
Best Online Lecture Course.Thank You Very Much Sir & Thanks Coursera.I am interested more courses in coursera.Thanks You Very Much Sir.Thnaks & Keep Smilling,Vijay M. Dantani
Great start into Python. The instructor Charles Severance does a great job in transferring the knowledge to beginners. Looking forward to start the second part of the series.
Great course, great instructor Dr. Chuck, I never thought it would be possible for me to learn to code late in life but this course has made it possible.  Thank you Coursera¡
Great teaching. I loved Dr. Severance. The material was presented in a way that was easy for me to learn and I feel really good about the skill I've acquired with this class.
It is really a wonderful course and what I like the most in this course is interactive exercises and a free coursebook to follow.Thank you prof. Chuck for making this course.
Getting started with Python really helped me to refresh some old programming knowledge and become familiar with Python3 commands. On to the next Courses. The professor rocks!
This Course was Great I will come back later form more courses on coursera. good thing about coursera is you can Wave your Course fee if you are not able to afford the course
I like the teaching style of the professor, I am a total rookie of any programming skill. Thank you very much! I learned a lot and I will continue to learn further knowledge.
Very interactive and straightforward which helps students build confidence. The student group feedback session helps students to clearly communicate their concerns and fears.
Dr. Chunk is so funny and he teaches well.And I like this interview and office hour part.I learned a lot in this course and I will keep learning his other python course. Thx!
Professor Charles Severance is excellent at what he is doing.He can make even people new to coding or even general computer science concepts understand what he is teaching :)
Great instruction. Learned some things that were unclear before the class. Explanation was extremely helpful to understanding. Helped to fill in the blanks from code academy.
Great intro to Python!  As someone with some prior programming experience, it was pretty basic, but I still really appreciate having an accessible course for learning Python.
Dr Charles Severance has made the course even more engaging and interesting.I couldn't have asked for a better mentor.Looking forward to attending more of his lectures.Thanks
Prof. Chuck made it easy to learn for everyone! Beginners should have no trouble understanding at all as it is broken into easy to digest parts. This is an excellent course!
Simple and well organised course + Outstanding Teacher = Excellent outcome. Thank you prf. Charles Russell Severance and Team Coursera for designing such a wonderful course.
Mr.Charles Severance really explained the very well . I totally like the course from the start till the end and I am looking forward to continue the other courses of Python.
EXCELLENT guidance.i don't think that i can make this ,but through the excellent guidance i made it!thank you professor Chuck for making this happen.loved being your student
Absolutely in love with this course! Never knew how easy it is to get interested in programming. Special mention to Dr. Charles Severance, one of the bet online instructors.
This course is amazing for starters. Simple and clear explanations were provided so that everyone could understand the lecture materials. Flow of the course was interesting.
This course is a blessing and our tutor is like a cherry on top of the cake. Our tutor made it feel like having a cake. I had lots of fun. Looking forward to the next class!
Very helpful  and his teaching methods is excellent . It helped me to learn python basics very easily.Such a helpful course for people who want to learn python programming .
This was my first personal experience with programming and frankly it was amazing, as a finance student i see endless aplications to this, perfect for a green green beginner
The very good course especially for beginners!It motivates you to take another and more challenging Python course to improve your programming skills. I've enjoyed it so far!
The Course was designed very organized and easy to be understood. The teacher speaks very clear and fluent. I like this course. Will choose more courses after completing it.
Fantastic! Charles "Chuck" Severance is a phenomenal teacher and explains things clearly, concisely, and manages to keep it interesting throughout. I can't wait to continue!
It was good but too basic for me as i am good with programming in other languages like java and c++ and i did this course  because of python so that i dont miss out anything
It was a great experince attending the lecture my all doubts were clear throughout the lecture and was able to complete the assignment and the quiz without any external help
thanku for teaching such a programming language very easy to me python shortcuts made me to learn python language easythanku Dr.chuck your teaching and guidance were awesome
This is the best biginners course in programming.It made me feel so much more comfortable to look into the field of computers. Now I wanted to learn more of python, C++ etc.
Course syllabus, course teacher, course materials are excellent. This course helped me a lot to learn about python and how to program and how to think to get to the problem.
very clear explanation and Dr. Chuck's teaching style is really awesome. Dr. Chuck gives idea how I should conduct my programming class... Best wishes for Dr. Chuck and team
Great course for technical and non-technical individuals.  As a veteran IT practitioner I find Python to be extremely logical in its structure and friendly to learn quickly.
This course is exceptionally good for everyone who wants to learn how a coding language works elementary. Kudos to the Team. To the rest who have just started,Happy Learning
Solid straight-forward approach and presentation. Making some things 'simple' that were not that simple when I first learned them. (Companion book terrific as well.) Thanks!
Dr Chuck is witty and detailed. Since I did had prior experience with python, the first part was more of a review for me but I highly recommend this course for any beginner.
I appreciate this course, I can learn Python basic skill.I was interested in Python. This course is very easy and useful to me.Thanks to this course, I can take a next step.
Exceptionally Wonderful Professor!!! Course Material is also excellent... I Highly recommend this course for those who are trying to learn python and in a beginning stage...
It's a really good course if you are trying programming for the very first time. If you're trying to refresh your basics however, just the assignments should be good enough.
Great when starting the with the basics.  Course goes at a nice steady pace and assumes no experience of programming.  Charles is a great lecturer and makes it all seem easy
I'm Japanese. I hadn't take a class of MOOC with English. But it is so easy for me to make out  this course.And Pf.Charles uses Bonus Material and motivate us to learn more.
This is a very good course, ideal for first time programmers. Dr. Charles Severence is a great teacher - I really wish I could have had him as a professor during my studies!
Excellent course! I passed it within a week and got Python basics. I could not imagine it 2 weeks ago, but now I can easily write simple programs. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck! :)
This is an invaluable experience for me to learn python. Thanks for both the professor, I really can learn how to program. Also thanks for coursera to offer me the platform.
Incredible course! I really loved it! The way the instructor explain everything is so amazing! I would like to take lots of courses with same instructor! Recommended at 110%
I thought that the course was really great and I learned quite a bit. The only criticism I have is that the jokes made by the prof. made me cringe but that's rather trivial.
That course was very good, the teacher is very cool.

As a begginer in Python, i found it a bit difficult in the chapter 7, I think it was too many content for a short time.
The professor is great at walking you through the concepts at a good pace.  Sometimes it feels too slow however its really not as I think the pace helps cement the concepts.
Excellent beginning programming class. I'm 100% a beginner and I never was lost. Now I feel like I can actually build basic programs, and this made me excited to learn more.
A great tutorial for beginners and a great teacher. It will lead you to know the Python basic concepts and motivate you to keep learning this fantastic programming language.
Professor chuck is unbelievable, the way he teaches is very simple, down to earth and connecting I thoroughly enjoyed the course and gonna continue with the specialization.
It is an excellent platform and instructors are superb. Thankful to Coursera team and  Dr. Charles of University of Michigan's Python for Everybody course(my first course).
that was a great course from Dr Chuck. looking forward to learn more and want to follow in the steps of Dr chuck and give back to the society as much as possible. Thank you
Throughout the course didn't feel bore at all better than any classroom class during this lockdown.And Dr. Chucks jocosity kept me alive during boring staff like coding !!!
very good course taught me something I thought I will never learn thanks a lot and it was a little bit challenging at the beginning, and I tried till I succeed thanks a lot
The first course I completed online. Dr.Chuck is so amazing, his teaching style is wonderful. Thank you, Coursera for having such great teachers and a good platform for us.
very good course. Excellently taught by Dr. Chunck because I have no any knowledge in programming but from this course I have understood it perfectly what they have taught.
I was very much overwhelmed after learning the course and thanks to professor who made this course pretty much interesting i will continue this course and enjoyed it a lot.
it was really interesting and useful course to introduce me to python and programming and Dr/ chuck 's way in teaching is very great and make it easy to complete the course
Awesome course taught by Dr. Chuck! I have enjoyed a lot and it seems like I'm getting addicted to Python! Really enjoyed while doing the assignments. Thank you Dr. Chuck!!
This is  very helpful for learning basics of python programming.If you are new to programming world, this course will help a lot for developing fundamentals of programming.
DR. Charles Severence is an awesome teacher and a motivator. His first lecture motivated me so much that i always tried to practice the course and completed it before time,
Wow, not only did I learn a new programming language. The instructor made it very easy for me to understand the information. I would highly recommend this course to anyone.
I know it's the beginning course and I know it's intended to be really easy, but I still can't believe I finished it and I am extremely excited to go on to the next course.
It was so easy to understand the basics of python language and it took only 4 and half days for me to learn . Thank you to Dr.Chuck and the assignments were really helpful.
It is a very nice course .  it is true "PYTHON FOR EVERYBODY" as it is really easy and good for those who really what to start or learn the basic structure of coding PYTHON
great teacher, enjoy this course a lot and teaching style of  Dr. chur.  this course helps me to learn the fundamentals of python and taking deep knowledge in data science.
This was a great start to my python journey. Thanks for making it so simple. The professor Charles Severance was great at his teaching and knew how  to grab our attention .
Got to learn a lot about the programming  language. The approach used for teaching was quite simple but effective and the assignments and exercises helped a great deal too.
Very good content for a beginner and professor has designed the content in a way to get your grey cell running with various trick questions that clear the concepts further.
The course was perfect for a beginner in the field of Python language programming. Charles Severance was very funny and a good professor who can teach this language easily.
For many years I  want to learn Python but I was just busy working and half way dropped out. Due to COVID-19 I stay home and noticed this course. It's very helpful. Thanks.
This course is very appropriate for any student willing to build a career in the field of programming, This course starts from scratch and builds the foundations very well.
A boon to have course like for non technical person like me....I could able to complete all the assignment with flying color....kudos to instructor for such fabulous job...
It is a great course. It is really a "Programming for everybody" course. I hadn't knowledge about programming but now, I feel confident :) I strongly recommend this course.
I am so happy this my first time to complete a  course and it was amazing. I enjoyed learning with  Dr.Severance  he is a great teacher. Thank you coursrea for this course.
After searching for so many courses on Python I found the one on Coursera and it turned out to be great. This course is so amazing. Helps you build your skills from basics.
The teacher is amazing and it is a good course to start Python. Perfect to beginners, maybe too easy if you have some previous knowledge. Definitely I recomend this course.
My first course with coursera. first of all, i really want to give thanks to dr chuck, who teach me a lot's of thing during the course. i have learned many things from him.
the course is awesome , got an chance to meet Dr, Chuck it was an awesome experience and i would like to learn more course from Dr Chuck, thank you Dr Chuck for the course.
It was an amazing experience. Mr. Chuck is exceptional in his way of teaching which makes the concepts crystal clear in the mind. I learned a lot of stuff from this course.
very nice way to start programming and understand Python and algorithmic. I also liked the tools proposed (Atom, Python3 installation guide...etc.)Thanks for the knowledge.
This is great! I tried learning Python using some other materials, but they always failed. I was able to keep up with this intro course and looked forward to working on it.
it's easy and clear about Python programming language taught by teacher, and I will continue to learn this specialization course, very recommend, especially for beginners !
Good starting point for me. I have done some programming a long time back and this course refreshed my memory as well as taught me the basics of a new programming language.
This course help me a lot introducing me into Python language.
The videos and slides are very helpful.
I liked it so much and i will continue with the whole specialization.
As a complete beginner, I didn't know what to expect, but I came to love Dr. Severance's teaching style and resources. I plan on taking the next course in this series soon!
Thanks for everything. The course is very fun to follow, classes are clearly presented and explained, and SO informative. This a great introduction to coding and to python.
The course is well design for everyone who already know about how to program or for the beginner who totally new in programming field.I really enjoy when taking the course.
Dr. Chuck is an incredible instructor, never had so much fun learning a new programming language, his sense of humor is great and makes the lessons that much more palatable
very well explained. although i'm a experienced programmer, there were some tweeks of python i didn't know. i loved the platform to complete de the programming assignments.
The lectures are very clear. Materials from this set of class is not very hard since it is the most basic elements of programming. Overall I really enjoy taking this class.
It was really a great experience for beginners. I loved the course and looking forward for learning and exploring more moocs. Thank You coursera for this amazing platform.
it was a great experience.  Video lectures were amazing. Our Mentor Dr. Charles R. Severance literally has taught from scratch.  He clarified each every concept thoroughly
This is a very wonderful course for the learners who wants to learn programming from scratch. This course starts with very basics and end with a good skill of programming.
Dr Chuck has great spirit! Did not encounter much issues with the program, everything ran smoothly. This course provides a good understanding of python, will recommend it.
Very nicely organized. As the name says, the course is designed for everybody. Thanks, Charles and the University of Michigan for making this course available on Coursera.
As a person with close to no background in computer programming I would say I love this course. It's easy and interesting. Brilliant instructor. Happy Learning everyone. ❤
very glad to learn about python. is very interesting great opportunities for me to take part to learn this lesion.thank you for providing you to see more advance learner..
It was a very good course on basics of python. It is beneficial for first year engineering students and other people who want to learn programming. It was simple and crisp
This course is really very much interesting and useful as now I can do the basic coding in Python that too very easily and the way of explaining and teaching is very great
Dr. Chuck had illustrated every program so vigorously that it helped understand the flow so easily. I think it's the easiest and lean way to enter into Python programming.
One of the best thing i ever learned . the way Dr chuk teach and convey the message just amazing . Hey Dr if you are reading this i just want to say thanks From Pakistan .
The course was interactive and interesting. A good mixture of practical and theory. For beginners course is intended towards motivating you to learn about python language.
professor Charles Russell Severance sir is truly amazing!!! i knew nothing about programming but his teaching skills just pulled my interest into programmingthank you sir.
Super Nice , The Teacher Was Very friendly And Not Just Read Like robots from duke univerity ,he is really nice and teaches very well , explains like god. may be 100 stars
it was an excellent experienc.the course instructor was excellent and explained the topic very nicely.i will definitely take other courses of the same instructor in future
It was indeed a fun learning experience. Being a beginner I have developed an interest in python programming. Also, various programming areas have been cleared. Thank you!
It was such a good course,it helped me a lot at this point of time.I am very thankful to coursera and university of michigan for providing this wonderful thing.Thank you..
The course was very helpful, Dr Charles is very articulate, and his lectures are very easy to understand. This course makes coding very easy for novices like me, Thankyou!
Very nice explanations of the content and interviews with people involved with the language and its applications. This was a wonderful introduction to the Python language.
This course is excellent. The well-designed content, test and examples keep the audience engaged. It has made python much easier for the beginner. Its a foundation course.
It is a decent course. The concepts are explained keeping in mind that you have no background with coding. i personally like the professor pretty much. I enjoyed learning.
A truly understandable course for a python starter. Fairly understandable content with a experienced instructor. Would be better if more practising materials can be given.
Excellent intro into Python. I feel I have built up momentum and motivation to continue learning. I'm very impressed with The University of Michigan's standard of tuition.
It was a great experience and will continue the courses with Michigan University and particularly with Doc Severance who is a really great guy and lecturer!!! WELL DONE!!!
Professor Severance is very clear when he explains concepts. Learning python seems funny and not so difficult, especially if you know other programming language such as C.
Very Nicely packaged course contents, taking you from the basics of Programming till the functions/ conditionals and loops in Python with appropriate assessments practice.
It was a tremendous help and guide through the basics of python! I really enjoyed the videos and assignments given to assist in better understanding programming in python.
It was a very good experience to study the course from coursera.Coursera has also helped my friends in their particular courses.Thank you so much.We love you 3000.........
It's an excellent course. The teacher gives the perfect perspective of Python and lets the student understand many concepts about programming in a unique way. Thanks a lot
This course kept me going for the full 7 weeks which in the past has been very difficult for me to keep going till the end! Hopefully, just the beginning of python for me!
this is really a good course it clears the basic programming concepts.Even a person with non-technical background can learn this course easily with the help of this course
Thanks to all coursera team for giving me a chance to learn the basic of python and providing me scholarship for this course which is much needed to me. Thanks a lot team.
Liked it very much, very corresponding. The professor was, at least, awesome! fluent and funny. would recomend this course any day to anyone who needs to improve everyday.
I was already well into lessons on another platform, but Prof. Severence does a great job of explaining "why" something works instead of just the syntax required to do it.
The Lecturer was very clear about the topic and very easy to follow. The course materials are also very easy to understand with little or no prior knowledge of programming
Excellent course for anyone starting to learn programming/python.  The lecture was illustrated well from start to finish.  I enjoyed the entire course and the assignments.
The course content is very clear and acceptable and the language using in this class has been updated to a new version of python. Thanks for all the efforts of this group.
Easy to follow and understand key programming concepts. Highly recommend this course for those without any knowledge on programming, or those joining the Python community!
If you have tried to learn programming before but the material was too confusing, please try Dr. Chuck before you give up - he will have you coding Python with confidence!
Great intro to Python if you come from a non-programming background.  Instructor is great and the materials are well produced and clearly explain the concepts and objects.
Excellent course!! Dr. Chuck is so good that he is making a learning video so interactive. Perfect teaching perfect syllabus.Just want the assignments to be bit more tough
Great beginning course for anyone new to programming. If you've programmed before, you can finish the course in under a week. I'm excited to enroll in the follow-up course
I loved this course. Its really good for beginners, though I was not completely one. The teacher is funny and knows how to explain the concepts in a clear and concise way.
It is a very interesting course which will help you to understand and start doing your own programming. The professor is really pedagogic so you will find it easy to lear.
great teaching overall . simplified and easy to learn for anybody . I liked the way the teacher tries to interact with the student even if these videos are pre uploaded .
I really enjoyed this course! It stars from the very beginning and then you are coding! Instructor Charles Russell Severance gets his point across in a clear and fun way.
the instructor is quite great and the lectures were pretty easy to understand and this course was quite great as it has assignments and quizzes just after the topic over.
This was my first programming course, I can't be more overwhelmed, that I've completed the course.. this is really helpful and totally understanding content and lectures.
The course wa really helpful. It gets to me understand the basic programming approach one needs while solving a programming question. I hope to learn more with Dr. Chuck.
The perfect course you wanna get yourself enrolled into if you are new to python, or programming itself. U will literally learn from the ABC's of python. Excellent course
Absolutely Amazing. Dr. Chuck is amazing Trainer. He is super interactive, feels like the videos are lively and provides a comfort of learning! Good approach! Keep it up!
I loved this course and it very well put together to get you started, esp if you never did programming before! I will continue to do the next ones... Thank you, Coursera!
It was the best online learning course i have ever had.The way sir Charles Russell Severance explained is amazing.Thankyou coursera and also sir Charles Russell Severance
Lecture videos were broken into small parts whereby it's easy to understand and digest. Assessment given were relevant to what was taught for each segment. That was good.
The second best thing of this course is getting to learn the basics of Python. The best thing is learning it from Dr. Chuck. Thanks, Chuck, you deserve more than 5 stars!
A starting point for any one who is aspiring to be a developer in the near future. I loved it and it looked so easy to learn and I can proudly say.. I can try coding now.
This course is very well design and make myself more confident and the best this about this course is it is very intrusting and the prof. he never going myself boring (y)
the teacher who is teaching in these vedio is very interactive and make things easy to learn and enjoys teaching to us...his techniques are very simple and understandable
The first ever online course I took and I loved taking 'Getting Started with Python' and Coursera Platform. Looking forward to complete the Python Specialization program.
This is one of the best and the easiest course I've come across. If you are new to Python like me than this course is for you. Enroll and learn, you will never regret it.
The professor has a good sense of humor and talks really clear and useful Python programming material. I had a good start on Python from this course. Thank you professor!
It is very suitable for the starter of Python. The professor is so funny and can clearly explain the code using a simple way. Love it. Will continue other Python courses.
Excellent introductory course. I had a prior knowledge in C, so it took me a lot less time than it should have. Nonetheless, one can comfortably complete it in 3-4 weeks.
Love the instructor, he is clear, natural and enthusiastic; makes the subject very atractive.. This is a very good starting to have a feeling of what programing is about.
Awesome course from the awesome Dr. Chuck.I started to do programming after your course and managed to solve some tasks, which I was not able to solve using Excel.Thanks.
Highly recommended for those who have never programmed before or are intimidated by programming. Charles Severance makes Python seem like the easiest thing you can learn.
it's a good introduction course for anybody interested in Python but never actually had a chance to get to into it. Definitely go for the higher level courses afterwards!
Great course to start learning Python as a beginner! Lectures are short, simple and fun and complicated topics are stripped down to easy to understand learning materials.
I never know learning programming could be this fun and intellectually-rewarding. The Professor is of the best quality and humor that I have ever encountered. Keep it up!
Immense gratitude for Dr.Chuck and his team for this great job. This kind of virtual programs can bring knowledge to more population and overcome the educational barrier.
Professor Chuck for this course is very hard, the discussion section of the teaching assistants are also very positive, very suitable for beginners who are a good program
Excelent course, It covers what it says. I have some programming experience but never programmed in python so this course was awesome to learn the python structure to me.
Very good introduction to python. Dr Chuck is a very friendly, affable teacher. The textbook is free. The load of this class  is not so heavy. I really enjoyed the class.
Nice way of giving the material, easy to understand and interesting to listen. Across all the others courses what I made before on Coursera, this one is the most curious.
The basics covered in an easy, comprehensible way. A 6-year old would get that probably, which means it's explained like it should be for a "getting started with" course.
Excellent course.. I've never thought that programming is that so easy but this course changed my perspective.. I recommend this course to everyone who likes computers...
The program is most suitable for beginners who learn in python to easily learn the things about loops and functions, methods to enter the programming world it is better.
AWESOME,everyone should try this.A thanks a lot to Sir.Charles who made me so interested to complete so fast.Thanks a lot Coursera for making me learn.Thanks a lot again
What I personally liked about this course was it was started from the scratch and ended up being pretty complex. But my Professor was helpful in every step of my course.
Learned some basic programming skills with a lot better understanding. Instructor is so nice and explains everything very easily. I am happy that I enrolled this course.
A very good platform for online courses. Coursera gives the best study material which will help. Coursera provided me the best python lessons on the internet.Thank you!!
This course is absolutely recommended to those who wants to build a solid foundation in programming languages and how they work. And getting to learn python, adds to it.
I really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot. I feel a lot more confident to take the next python course now. This is the best beginner's course there is for Python!!!!
Obviously I learned a lot during this course. Thank you so much Dr. Charles Severence for lecturing and guiding this course, I hope to see you in another class of yours.
I love the last peer grade in week 7.  I love all lectures of Mr.Chuck. I will keep learning new thing <3 Thank all of you guys about this course. From Vietnam with love
Well made, I did have to search outside resources for some things I had issues with. Being a fresh learner to python is was quite good from the limited knowledge I have.
a very comprehensive and helping course on python. i would recommend every beginner or intermediate programmer to go for it. it teaches you the very core of programming.
This is my first Python course.I The content of courses are easy to understand and and the of the course  also have quiz and exam to help me  get on of it. thanks a lot.
You have been visited by the Doctor Chuck of per-severanceSuccessful coding and no tracebacks will come to you but only if you post "Thanks Doctor Chuck" in this review.
The most attractive course for those who want to learn Python programming from the beginning. Thanks  Dr. Charles Severance  and Coursera team for this excellent course.
Thank you sir for such easy learning experience and I truly believe that there should be more teachers like sir Charles Severance. thanks for a great learning experience
Very helpful tutorials! The practice assignments were somewhat challenging and allowed me to explore different solutions to the same problem! The book is also fantastic.
It was a great experience & I have learned a lot from this course. Thanks to Professor Charles for delivering such powerful lectures through different kinds of examples.
amazing course ,but it is really for Beginnersgoing to take another one with some advance topics :) Instructor Is Very Good and will make u fall in love with programming
Very good course to start with ! Really useful. Tutor is very good, explain everything in detail. Easy to learn and remember.Thanks to Coursera and tutor of this course.
Had a lot of fun going through the course. As I do have many years of experience in programming, I do hope to see more challenging problems that I can "choose" to solve.
I love this class. The teacher is humor, the lesson is not so hard, and I learned quickly. The only thing that I do not like is that it needs money. I am sad about that.
Really good foundation to get started with Python. Even with a background in another language it gives all the syntax quirks this language has. Excited for the next bit!
Did not watch the videos. I have some coding experience. Simply read the book. Practiced using BBedit and the terminal. Liked the course - simple, but got the basics in.
Excellent course, and I love that you can work ahead if you have some experience programming. Dr. Chuck does a great job presenting the material online, and in the text.
Excellet course, with an awesome profesor!Very good explained and with moderate tasksI recommend this to everyone who want to start programming python from the beginning
An excellent course that will enable even a non technical person pick up the necessary skills to move to the next level without ever feeling they are out of their depth.
Excellent pace and a great starting point to learn Python programming.   Even as an experienced programmer (3GL and 4GL languages), I appreciated the review.  Well done.
Great course, Dr. Chuck is the best teacher in Coursera, for all the people that are in the beginning in the python programming world this is the best course you can get
Dr. Charles "Chuck" Russell Severance is an amazing professor, thankful to Coursera that i could learn from a Legend. I am looking forward to complete all other courses.
Great way for newbie to start learning and understand the foundation of Python. I love the way Charles teaches us is very interesting and easy to understand. great work.
Dr. Chuck's course is so well constructed and presented with aplomb. At no point did I lose his train of thought and the ideas presented were well constructed. Chapeau!
Charles is such a great teacher & his way of teaching is extremely good & excellent. He explains each and every concept. Overall the course was really great and useful.
It was Great experience Dr. Chuck is an awesome instructor. Anyone who wants to learn from the basics can enroll for it. this the perfect course fro absolute beginners.
Awesome resource for someone like me who had no idea about coding at all. A great way to get someone with zero coding knowledge started into Python. Highly recommended.
This course is really awesome. Before joining this course i have zero knowledge of python but after finishing  the course now i have good amount of knowledge of python.
I was able to grasp all the knowledge without hesitation and learnt in absolute pace. It was as intriguing as having the curiosity to learn something we really want to.
It was Excellent ! Very well paced and structured and as the title says its for everybody. The course was very easy to understand and would be well suited for anybody .
This course has really benefited me a lot. The trainer was very friendly and make us learn each and everything very easily. I got an overall knowledge over programming.
Professor has explain very well  python concept.Any person even not having programming background , if follow his instruction properly then can  understand this lecture
Very good  course for one to start learning Python... Dr. Chuck has very nicely explained the concepts and the example programs. Exercises are also simple to work upon.
@Charles Russell Severance, you are an amazing teacher. I love you. Thank you for turning me into a Pythonista. Excited to continue my python specialization journey.!!!
the course was very interactive and i enjoyed a lot while studying , and i wanna say thanks to all of you behind the screen to provide us knowledge and certificates too
Great course only flaw is if you get stuck on the external assignment you don't get feedback so its hard to spot where you have gone wrong or where to improve your code
I learned python programming code from this in a simple or eassy way... Thanks sir for helping us like that....frpm this coursera app i learned very much....THANK YOU!!
perfect course for anyone willing to get into the coding world. the professor is extremely interesting to listen to and his teaching is very clear and easy to understad
It is a very good course provided by Coursera.Of course, dr Chuck is a very talented educator. He did a great work in making me understand every  portion of the course.
Many thanks to the organizers of this great course.The best Python Programming course with the best instructor from a top university. I enjoyed it a lot. God bless you.
charles severence by far is the best faculty i've had so far. His way of teaching is not just simple but also attracts the students to take a deeper look at the subject
Great course. If you are even a rookie, the course contents are developed so that you won't find any difficulty midway. The instructor is also great. Loved this course!
I liked the way the Teacher taught us. They used day-to-day examples and scenario to explain stuff in this. I just loved the way he explain us and make us understand...
I tried many time to learn programming but I failed many time and I became disappointed 

but this course, helped me to love programming using python

thank you so much
Great Course! Wonderful instruction and I am excited to implement this in future positions in Law Enforcement Cyber Crimes which uses a lot of Python Script. Thank You!
A hard-to-begin subject made incredibly easy to begin. No prior knowledge is presupposed, which makes this a rare gem of a course to someone with no familiarity at all.
Dr. Charles Russell severance (Dr.Chuck ) is very good with the teaching. Starts with basic python programming and looking forward to ended up to complete whole module.
Great course for beginner level specially liked the bonus material and interviews at the end of each week which made the course so much interesting. Thank you Dr Chuck.
The course has really been helpful, and I have explored and enhanced my knowledge.I will continue to take these courses and improve on Python and my programming skills.
Excellent course and great instructor. I learned Python really quick. Easy to understand and easy to apply. Great tools, great examples, great assignments. AAA+ rating.
Excellent course with a ton of free materials. Very well-paced, and great for beginners. Appreciate Charles for his enthusiasm and very engaging tone in all the videos!
Really interesting course that explains a general overview of programming with Python. I really suggest people taking this course as their first course to learn Python.
Wow! did i complete first chapter?. Thanks to Coursera for interactive tools and problems. these tools and discussions excites and keeps you in loop until you complete.
It is an excellent course for students like me who has no prior knowledge of coding. Excellent lectures with interesting exercises helped me learn the basics of Python.
This is my very first course on Cousera and it's really a brilliant one. Thank you Dr. Charles, Univ. of Michigan and Coursera! I will continue my study in Python here.
Very good intro, can be completed much faster than the timescale stated if you are an existing programmer, but gives plenty of time for someone brand new to programming
Very clear lectures, with nice slides. It takes a while, but this course definitely makes sure that you learn the important aspects of Python! It has helped me a lot :)
Good course, good teacher, good online python practices and selftests.Very useful for beginner.Basic for python learner and AI, mashine learning , automatic vehicle....
Very well plannedProvided material and useful urls ahead of the course started. Lecturing is good enough for a beginner to understand. Good learning experiencethank you
I was new to Programming.Here we are taught from the basics.Was able to keep the pace of the teaching.Support staff were prompt in answering queries.Thank you Coursera.
It is an awesome course for anyone who want to start programming, i really recommend this course for everyone and i think it will be a great start especially for j kids
Best course I have ever participated, online and real life.I got  to a point where I actually believed, Python is not for everybody... you made me eat my hat.Thank You!
Basic introduction to programming in python, covers things like the language syntax, loops. etc! Forms the foundation for the rest of the courses in the specialisation.
An exceptional approach to keep one engaged and cheerful all along the course! Mr. Severence is a genius. This course is a must for all programming beginners out there.
On capstone now... really good introduction to programming & computer science. Absolutely loved the weekly interviews with the legends in the field of Computer Science.
Great Course and superb professor. I highly recommend it for anyone interested in learning about computer science. Can't wait to begin the next course of the series. :)
This course is excelent. Professor Charles is amazing explaining, makes programming very easy to understand. Wish I had this course when I started Algoritms in college.
A very nice way to start programming!!! Everything is explained properly and the exercises make you understand and remember the code. I can fully recommend this course!
Excellent starter course. Dr.Charles gives clear explanations and helps get a grasp of the fundamental concepts with the utmost ease. A must-do !! By the way: IT'S FUN.
I am very excited of having started to learn Python, and would not have been the same without Dr Severance. Thank you for the interesting approach that you have made!!
I enjoyed this Python course a lot. I am very grateful to Dr Charles Severance for making this wonderful and engaging course. I wish his hope is realized in this life.
Prof Charles is such a wonderful and a cool mentor. It was fun to learn with him. Never felt like it was a virtual class. I really enjoyed the Harry Potter references.
It’s an excellent course with the best set of instructors. University of Michigan has really made an effort to make learning python simple for the common man. Amazing!
The best course in Python in explaining and teaching , it is not like youtube's video it is better than it .Thank you very much and I will complete this specialization
This course was a very fun course. Even though I have a background in programming as I know C++, this course had my attention due to the way of teaching by Mr.Charles.
I have found it is easy to learn with the Instructor. He have the great Knowledge to share and also the environment is quite nice to study as they did it in a fun way,
Wonderful course to get started with python.I really loved it. Tutor is just amazing and he has really got this wonderful skills of teaching and interacting virtually.
The professor taught from the very basic and because of that, it was very much easy to understand the concepts and syntax and semantics of Python programming language.
IT was really good,if someone with no prior knowledge want to get started with a power full programming language like python then  he/she can start their journey here.
Had an amazing experience with the course. Learned all the basics of programming that are taught by Dr. Chuck very smoothly and I enjoyed my learning. Thanks coursera.
absolutely the best instructor! Even if you are not beginner, he teaches the fundamentals and the principles  and steps of python logically and that's what I liked :))
nice at attend, It was good for beginners to start learning programming. but this course is half way, need to take further courses to learn more about data structures.
The learning process was very good.I found out very helpful through this course and first of all I would thank to the mentor who has thought us so well in an easy way.
In my opinion, the professor or tutor of this course is really great because his teaching way is friendly and most importantly he taught individuals with deep details.
I felt the way it was taught is very unique. Additional to course content there are bonus interviews with famous people. This surely inspire the people while learning.
super  and amazing performance by chuck servance sir i am glad to have such a good sir and videos are realistic  and very helpful for my future thank you l4g solutions
Best Portal to study and best lecturers to we can excel in the life by implementing such all concepts for academic or environmental source. Keep Learning :) Thank you.
It was an amazing experience for me to learn python basics. The course was really helpful and i got to learn things nicely.Thank you Coursera andUniversity of Michigan
i learned a lot by this course every time i used to think about my assignment it helped me lot to improve my skills also i am improved little more lot to improve again
very minute details were explained in this course,thank you for teaching an automotive design engineer this language and would be learning the advance version as well.
First of all thank you so much sir , you,  are amazing and very funny teacher and i am very happy learning this course, Course is very nice esay to understand everyone
Great foundation course - good pace, thorough and very well documented materials. Professor is quite personable and entertaining as well which made learning quite fun.
great way to start your understanding not just of Python but the programming language and its importance. Thanks Dr. Chuck for sharing his valuable experience with us.
Very instructive program. It gives you the foundation needed to continue learning Python by understanding the control flow and very important key vocabulary and syntax
Severance sir's method of teaching is unique, and it is evident that he loves teaching, I like to learn from those who love teaching. 12/10 would recommend this course
The way of explanation of course is exceptionally amazing.! It not only make you learn python but it make you to love python..pace is bit slow but overall it's perfect
Very interactive and Dr. Chuck is probably one of the best programming evangelizer I met! Bravo. I strongly encourage this course for non developers and geeks like me.
Amazing course. I have learned a great deal and Mr. Severance is just amazing, a great professor. I only wished there were more interactive activities and assignments.
Great intro class, you could finish it in a Saturday if spend the day on it.  Knowing 0 python, great for learning syntax that isn't explicit just copying code online.
Great course even for those who have some experience with Python. Clears out all the main moments which I approached intuitively before, strengthens the base knowledge
Cool course. The profesor is cool and funny, wich makes it far more easy to learn. I liked the assignments, they were cleaverly designed to underline the key concepts.
The course is pretty useful at the beginning. What I love the most in this course that it gives me a solid foundation of hardware understanding. I did really enjoy it.
Really excellent class and very excited to learn with the PhD. Chuck professor, he explains very but very well, for everyone to want take this course. CONGRATULATIONS.
I love this course very much, as the lecturing very funny and interesting, easy to learn, and clear instruction. Is a highly recommended course for my friends / family
A good introduction to the structure and syntax of Python. Easy to understand reference material and good examples. The exercises really helped reinforce the material.
I have absolutely no talent with regard to programming yet made it through this initial course and believe I can now take the subsequent courses in the specialization.
it's my first online course. It's a powerful strument to learn. Chuck is great (magician), he uses a sort of game and joke to teach easily the basic of python. Thanks!
I have had a wonderful experience with this basic python programming. Dr.Charles is funny and at the same time informative. Looking forward for more lectures from him.
Excellent course! Material was easy to understand and explanations made sense...perfect if you have no experience in programming and need to take baby steps! Loved it!
The right course which gets you started with programming. The instructor makes it right too by putting in tremendous effort in explaining the content with so much fun.
I love the pace of the course. Professor Chunk not only teach me how to write in python ,but also how to think like computer. It makes me learn the python more deeply.
A very good  beginning course. The instructor is excelent and his explanations very clear. I recommend this course for people that is starting to program.Rubens Araujo
It is a extremely clear course that introduce the basic programming skills with python. I like the interest way the professor explain the principle of the programming.
Well designed. The easy does it approach is very effective to focus on how the language works. With this method it is easier to learn Python than Ruby. I recommend it.
Excellent course! I really enjoyed take the classes, the theacher makes them funny and easy to understand. And the book provided is full of excercices and useful tips!
Excellent Course for People who want to Learn Programming. Python is a Powerful programming Language & allows to handle Files, Databases, Decision making & much more..
This course was very helpful for strong basics. for me...I think this course  would be suitable for a person who does not have any basic idea on programming languages
thank you dr.chuck..you are a super cool teacher for me..(even i cant see you)you are wonderful your classes help me alot to learn more things about python..thank you
The mentor , Dr. Chuck thank you for explaining the lecture in very easiest and understandable way.This lecture made me very easy to understand the concept of PYTHON.
Clear, dynamic with a good balance of "passing knowledge" and "let you find out yourself".The sessions ar perfect in lenght and Chuck's pace makes it super enjoyable.
This course is the best course i ever had.But wait what about that counting characters in a string problem. But okay, i will try it by my own.  Thanks for the course.
I would like to thank Dr. Charles for explaining it in easiest way possible and Coursera for for giving me opportunity to learn which i was dreaming from a long time.
The course is well
structured and easier to understand especially for student with no computer
background. The instructor is very eloquent and uses relevant examples.
This course is one of the best introductory courses to Python programming language and I highly recommend all coding beginners to enroll in this course. Best of Luck!
Good start for everybody who is interested in coding. Lecture videos are short and interesting. Thank you for designing this course in an easy, understandable manner.
In todays world, everyone should know how to program. And Python is an ideal language to learn. Great beginners course with allot of potential to further your skills.
This was really helpful course and now I can easily write programs in python .This course is easy to understand and one can really get into programming through this .
It was great to attempt this course  where basics of programming in python has been excellently taught by the sir which had helped me to improve my programming skils.
Excellent course, very well structured with just the right examples and assignments. I can only recommend this course to someone who is keen to start learning Python.
A marvellous course. Starts slowly with pretty easier concepts, allows much time to settle off and takes off to little advanced.A well structures course for beginners
Great course to get an introduction to python, if you already have programming background, it will be very easy and you can use the fast forward option in the videos.
The instructor was really great! He made the students look at the course in a way no one would do it. This course is now surely pushing me to learn more about Python.
I totally love this course. Foremost reason is professor chunk, his teaching methodology is out of box and productive. Additionally, the coursera platform is amazing.
It is a very good start for beginners who don't know anything about Python and after completing this course I will definitely guarantee that he/she will be so amazed.
Great course!!While you're learning you might run into a great content designed to fulfill all of your expectations and also have access to  very interactive classes.
very informative and everything was explained so good that a person like me who knows nothing about programming was able to know and try some basic programs in python
I have taken several courses on programming and I believe that this course is the best option for anyone who wants to start learning Python or programming as a whole.
Very inspiring course, easy to follow, great sense of humour making the difficult parts lovely to go through. Keep up the good work! PS: The Slytherin cup is awesome!
What a great program! I had no programming experience before listening to this course and Dr. Severance does a great job helping you take baby steps to learn to code!
This is the greatest thing happened to me, I have learned a lot. I totally started Python from scratch, now I confidence enough to apply this knowledge in my studies.
The content and instruction were fantastic. I also liked that there weren't any required peer review assignments and I was able to complete the course at my own pace.
Excellent course for someone who is new to programming. The course also serves the purpose if you are familiar with other programming languages and are new to python.
Fantastic introduction to Python. If you are a beginner this class is perfect. Even if you have some knowledge the assignments serve as good practice for next course.
Very good and informative course! The best introduction to Python that you can get if you are a beginner! Congratulations to Dr.Chuck for doing the course for joyful!
The course material is very good and the professor teaching the course was also very knowledgeable. This course is very good for clearing your fundamentals of python.
Good to start with python.Well structured and covers all the basic aspect of the language.Highly recommended for those who want to start with python from the scratch.
It's great to use the cumulative knowledge learnt throughout the class to build a system step by step, adding extra layers of complexity and functionality. Thank you!
An excellent introduction to Python! Dr. Charles Severance is an inspiring person and his computing conversations are very interesting. I had a lot fun while earning!
Perfect course for the Python Beginners.. However, Please do practice lots of small snippets and problems as well to get familiar with the python programming language
Excellent training by Dr.Chuck. It's easier as he explains the basic concepts very clear and understandable especially for the beginners.. Good work keep it up doc!!!
Excelent Course, the tutor is a very good teacher and person and that is reflected in the course, thanks for making this course and the book available for everyone :)
This course is great for beginners. It surveys basic concepts at a speed that is easy to take in. Make sure to do the reading. It's just as important as the lectures.
Best course in python....This is the first of the five courses. Having completed this makes me feel that now i know something about python. Will complete all five. :)
The lectures are clear and step-by-step approach makes it easier for beginner to start to learn this programming language and the practical assignments are very nice!
Here I give Professor Severance my sincere gratitude.  I really like this course and I learned a lot from it.  And I just started a new course Python Data Structures!
A delightful introduction to Python programming with the very talented Dr Chuck.  If only I'd had lecturers like him when I was doing my undergraduate courses. <sigh>
I really great course. I really like it. I found a lot interesting stuff from this course. And I am able to understand the basic programming. Thanks  a lot  Dr. Chuck
Very good course!It is very intuitive and the teacher's methodology is very didactic, so that any person, regardless of their programming knowledge, can learn easily
Somewhat easy, but it's a "getting started" course. Dr Severence's communicates well the programming concepts without using any jargon that festers in the IT worlds.
The instructor explains things so clearly and the logic of the course is in such a nice flow. Very friendly to beginners! Great thanks to the University of Michigan!
The  teacher taught the subject in a very simple and interesting way, which made the subject easy to grasp! Especially for those students who don't know programming.
Professor Severance has explained so good, that its very easy to clear the basics of python. I wish I can complete done my masters under his guidance. Thank you Sir.
Hi  this is Gaurav Agwan from INDIA . and as per i think this course is really good for the sake of clearing the basic concept .....I am so happy after getting pass.
It is a very good option to start with this. I learnt very much about this and thank you coursera for providing hands on experience like providing a lab experience .
It is really a great experience to learn on coursera platform .All the content is explained extremely well. And the hands on challenges boosts your confidence level.
The instructor teach Python interestingly for beginner programmers. He also explain the key terms of programming (such as: variables, loops, data types etc.) easily.
It is a great course, perfect for people with certain knowledge in programming, as well as for people who want to start in the world of programming, 100% recommended
This course is amazing! It is compatible with people from all academic backgrounds. This is perfect for anyone seeking a thorough introduction and view about Python.
I highly recommend this course because it is interactive and easy to follow. It is very well organized and the professor makes the learning process fun and engaging.
Charles is a great teacher and comprehensively explains all things. Even though I am a newbie at coding I had no issues understanding and writing in python language.
It was a beautiful course. I mean both the content of course as well as the instructor. Loved it Thanks Dr. Charles Severance, Coursera and University of Michigan...
Amazing course from Michigan University for freshers in Python Programming Language but very easy for Intermediate level students.Thank You Coursera for this course!
Amazing teacher and lectures were so fun! The forum really helped me realize my small mistakes while programming.  Any beginner can take up this course and enjoy it!
It was amazing to complete this course. The instructor of this course is way too amazing and I enjoyed learning from him. Hope to attend the next course of him soon.
Instructor is awesome & i really enjoyed and learn the basics as a naive to programming i struggled a little bit in the last week of assignment however i got cleared
Its really an interesting and informative course to learn basics about Python.It helps to grab information easily and the way of teaching by instructor is very good.
One of the best courses to start off with Python! Hats off to Charles, one of the best course instructors who made it all simple and fun to learn! Recommend 100/100.
The course is started teaching from basics.This can be taken by even the beginner (without any prior language of Python).This is the best course for learning Python.
a very helpful course to  get ready to use python as a beginner.This course helped me a lotto learn python from scratch.So thanks coursera for this wonderful course.
I love the way how Mr.Severus teach. And I also like the name Severus because I am a fan of Harry Potter. Really loved the course. Thank you so much for this course.
Wow, The Instructor of the course is Amazing!

I loved the Course Contents, His Teaching Style and many more.

I learned a lot from this course. 

Thanks to Coursera
It's a great course, not just about to program with python, but also gave a deep understanding about the programming concept and build  a good structure of thinking.
Loved It. The faculty has a really great understanding on Python concepts. He knows how to teach, got amazing teaching skills. Very highly recommended for new comers
Very easy to understand, professor is excellent at explaining concepts in plain language. A very good introductory course and keep me motivated to continue learning.
its really very intresting course as well as career oriented. i recomend this course to every beginners who decide or plan to inter into the IT sector. Go for it....
It is pleasure for me to finish this course with the support of this organisation and online learning site. It enhanced my knowledge of basic python and programming.
Charles teaching is so interesting, interactive and simple for non-programmers, that you will keep on watching and easily understand.Thanks for teaching this course.
The course was very excellent and I benefited a lot from it.
I would like to thank the University of Michigan as well as Dr. Chuck and finally the Coursera platform.
Well taught and while the last assignment tested my willpower not to try fight python for saying "syntax error", I felt this was a great introduction to programming.
I would like to sincerely thank Charles Severance for the amazing work, passion and time he put into this course. I absolutely love the way the things are explained.
This is a really good class that starts by the fundamentals in computers. I have started to see computer differently in a more detailed way after taking this course.
this Cours  is the first step to learn Python programming .. great Teacher and learning methods thanks for for Team's efforts and i hope to continue the higher level
Very informational and well explained. Just sometimes a little too wordy. I'm looking forward to the upcoming courses! Keep up the good work and thank you very much!
I really don't know about python before take this lesson. learned a basic knowledge of Python.  I would like to say thank you to the professor who gave this lecture.
This course is a good start to learn python for beginners. I Like the content, videos and examples explained. Looking forward to complete advanced courses in python.
Great starter course that gives you access to a lot of tools and exercises to practice your newly acquired skills. Something indispensable while learning to program!
Course provided a great introduction to Python. It was very easy to navigate the course and submit course work and quizzes.  I am looking forward to the next class!!
I have tried many introduction to Python and feel this course is the best. It really helped me as a student who is a completely beginner in Python. Highly recommend!
Very good and fundamental course for those who are the beginners in programming field and not only in Python.  Professor explains everything just clear and explicit.
Excellent course for anyone starting out with Python or programming all together! The professor is 10/10 both very informative and entertaining in a professional way
It was a great experience and the classes were good too.Thanks for the verified certificate.I look forward to completing the rest of the modules as soon as possible.
Dr. Chuck has explained python in a very simple way to learn and pratice. Thanks Dr. Chuck for unmass, organize a way to teache python ina such easy way of learning.
Excellent course and approach to any level of students. The videos are fun and a delight ti be watched. i´ll keep going on the next classes from this specialization.
Excellent course. A must have course for beginners. Teaches all the basics for someone with no programming background. Looking forward to more courses for Professor!
Professor is really good at explaining how the programming works in a digestible and insightful manner. Highly recommend this class to anyone trying to learn python.
The explanation by Dr chuk was really interesting and thought provoking. i liked it very much. I express my thanks to Coursera for providing such wonderful programs.
It is really a good start for student who are not major in computer science. And Dr. Chuck is really a good teacher. He makes the video clear and easy to understand.
Dr. Chuck is entertaining and makes this course so lively. Exercises and quizzes are good; not too easy and not too hard either. Feels like I started getting Python!
I really enjoyed the course,although I already know how to code in Python but I just wanted to brush up my basics and its a great course.Thank you so much Dr.Chuck.
This course is excellent to study python programming language for beginner. I recommend this course should be study who want to study python with easily. Very nice.
Wow! I can't explain his teaching. You just have to experience his classes. In my opinion, he is one of the best professors, who cares about each and every student.
Dr Charles made this course so easy to follow with his thorough explanations and analogies. I really enjoyed learning python through his teaching! Thank you so much
Thank You  Severance Sir for making python to learn and understand so easy and comfortable!!!!!I am looking forward eagarly for your next interaction!!!Thank you!!!
The course is just right for beginners in programming and is also a very nice resource to recapitulate on the previous knowledge of programming, be it any language.
This course help me  a lot.very well design for beginner.it clear my concepts about python programming.Easy to learn.there are practicals elaboration and exorcises.
Good course to get yourself started with basic concepts and then build upon it .Thank you Charles Severance for explaining it very well and making this interesting.
Engaging instructor, he is so passionate about what he is teaching and it just shows and he is also a good explainer. Great course for any beginner wanting to learn
The Instructor, Dr. Chuck explains amazingly. His teaching style is very interesting also. This is the perfect place to learn programming and python from beginning.
Excellent! This course is just excellent for beginners. It covers almost all basic topics and concepts which are easy but important to go through high level python.
A very good course for beginners. Allows you to smoothly immerse yourself in programming and not be afraid of difficulties! Many thanks to the author of the course!
Nice introduction to programming and Python, especially if you do not have a programming background.  The instructor has a nice style and the content is well paced.
Really enjoyed this course! The professor explained concepts in a way that beginners could understand and TAs thoroughly answered questions in the discussion forum.
I course was very informative and entertaining. Now I have some basic idea of programming in python. I loved the way my instructor Dr. Chuck presented the lectures.
It was good for me. I found it friendly. I had a little programming background. But I think the new folks to programming will find it easy too. I'll recommend it :D
I  learnt a lot about python programming, assignments were so useful .I gain knowledge about programming and this course was so informative and helped learn python.
This course taught me soo many things about programming in python and I learnt most of the basics in python and I would love to continue to learn more about python.
This course is amazingly designed for newbies to get a better understanding in a simpler manner.I loved the course and got each and every concept cleared in one go.
Great Course. Extremely helpful to learn python from this environment. . The video-based sessions were full of examples that made the learning simple yet effective.
I am a very beginner of Python. the course is very clear and fundamental. if you know nothing about computer and Python, it is a valuable and helpful course for you
I really appreciated this introduction to Python. The instructor is super clear and uses really simple language that anyone can understand and relate to. Recommend!
The instructions of  the teacher are easy to follow. The assignments are helpful in learning the concepts.I am eager to learn the next course of the specialisation.
Python from Scratch!! This is the best one as a professional course I have had anytime soon! The instructor is great with simple and intuitive examples. LOVED IT!!!
Great and interesting course! The professor could explain everything brief and clear. Really basic course of the python. Do not miss it if you want to start python!
This course is so clearly to teach us what
is the language of computer and how we to
understand the meaning when an error or some
bad things happened. I love Chuck.
fantastic! Dr. Chuck explains coding very simply allowing you time to catch up. I wish there were more coding challenges so we could practice more about each topic.
Amazing course! A Must for everybody-whether you are a programmer or not, if you want to learn programming with Python, you need to get enrolled in this course NOW!
I got in love with this teacher. He explains everything slowly and clearly, even though i'm not a native english speaker it was pretty easy to unterstand all of it.
I have minimal programming knowledge, and this course is great for beginners who want to learn the basics of both Python and programming in general at the same time
it was a very nice experience though i did not know that much of the programming at the start i still get all concept cleared and the learning experience was great.
Great start with programming! Challenging, but clear and rewarding course. I highly recommend this to everyone! (I am a humanist and girl and I really enjoyed it! )
Well paced and structured course.Dr. Chuck has got a superb capability to break down tough concepts into bits and pieces for students to understand.I just loved it.
An excellent course for beginners with minimal / no programming background. Professor is very knowledgeable and has structured, taught the course very effectively .
Charles Severance rocks! He has masterfully explained basics of Python, enough to engage a layman - like myself - into learning programming, with zeal and efficacy.
Thank you Professor Severance. I've been wanting to get started with learning to program for a while and this was perfect for me. I look forward to the rest of PY4E
Love the course. This is a very friendly introduction to Python and programming. Charles is a great teacher who puts a lot of efforts in making python learning fun.
I never see a course like this !! very easy to understand ,fun to watch and give you what you need to start in Python ,even if you have no past experience like me !
Precise and efficient, humorous professor, well-organized course outline. Just a little bit too easy for those who have already studied other programming languages.
Excellent course!  Great explanations and examples, as well as useful exercises that built on each other. Thank you!  Look forward to the next course in the series.
Great course. It is really nice to begin learning programming with Python instead of C programming language which the Chinese universities usually teach for novice.
It is one of the best courses for beginners to learn and start using Python in a practical way. Dr. Chuck is very clear in his work and concepts are well explained.
The textbook made it easier for me to understand programming concepts better. I found the assignments challenging enough for me to learn more in a hands on fashion.
A very beginner friendly introduction course to Python, and programming in general.Big thanks to all the people who worked on the course and of course to Dr. Chuck!
I think Dr Charles Severance is a fantastic teacher and he is taking a great effort in making this course possible for every one under the creative commons license.
This course is very easy to understand. In the midst of a pandemic like this, it is very easy for us to learn programming. Taught by tutors who are very easy going
Dr. Chuck is a really good professor, it was easy to get a grasp on the fundamentals of python and programming as a whole and the course was helpful and intuitive.
I'm from a programming backgroung but as per the name it is for "Everybody"! Impressed with the teaching technique. Nicely & simply explained everything.Thank You!
overall, this was a good course for the people who have a zero knowledge on programming.
I would show my gratitude to Prof. Charles Russell Serverance he was great
it is absoulutely fantastic course .Professor explained every topic clearly with examples.i am really happy by taking this course and i really thankful to the prof
This code made me familiar with the programming language python, which really seemed me to be tough, but the tutors made me feel confident. Thanks to the platform.
ITS ABSOLUTLY A WONDERFULL COURSE IM VERY HAPPY JOINING IN THIS COURSE .OUR PROF.CHARLES SEVERANCE SIRS TEACHING WAS FABULIOUS  . IM VERY HAPPY TO JOIN THIS COURSE
A very basic course on python. Nicely explained and the instructor is awesome he gives good examples and explains each and every detail. Also he's quiet hilarious.
I thought it
would be problematic because it is in English, but the vocabulary they used is
simple and Dr. Chuck explains really good, with a lot of easy examples.
it's a good course.the important feature of this course is to listen sir Guido Vann Rossum ,and some others.....sir, the way you teac is also so good ,thankyou sir
I think this course is only one of it's kind,The course basically is very easy to complete if you have done with any other language already.thanks for this course.
I have never learnt so well any language that this course has taught me. I am happy to have such a good instructor that makes python really possible for everybody.
It was a great experience having this course. Such a great teacher is Dr.Chuck. I recommend this course to everyone who's searching for a beginner's Python course.
Excellent Course. The Way Dr. Chuck is Teaching is wonderful and eye-catching. it becomes easy to understand if for the noobs who don't anything about programming.
This course has very easy to follow lessons with a great teacher. Chuck has done a great job with this course, and some of the bonus videos with him are very cool.
If you are completely new to programming, you'll do fine.  For those more advanced in programming, this is a slow moving, but you get to start with an easy course.
The lectures are very clear and the lecturer has given his best in making things simple and easy to understand and subtitles are really helpful in some situations.
i have learned and gain many knowledge about python programming  as well as i enjoyed while learning since the way professor chuck's teaching was great. Thank You!
This course is very great and materials is in very simple form which help us to gain knowledge fast and easy. Professor in this course is very friendly and helpful
Apart from python I really got a amazing knowledge about computer hardware. And that made me to rate the course 5 stars. Really Thankful for the course Instructor.
Excellent introduction to Python. I've tried other python courses and I always felt overwhelmed but the content of this course was pitched at just the right level.
This was a good course ,  specially the course coordinator was too good , i loved this course so much .I also enjoyed the quiz part of each chapter.Thanks for this
It is a good course for people who without the skill of coding, and the professor of the course can convey knowledge very clearly. In general, it is a good course!
This was an excellent course and it was easy to follow. The instructor explained the course materials in a simple and logical manner. Happy to complete the course.
It was an amazing course. The teacher is very good and its fun learning with him. If anyone wants to learn programming, they should definitely take up this course.
It is simply an amazing course by an amazing instructor. You will be taught well things from scratch and you will get confidence once you finish the course! Kudos!
The amazing spirit of teaching, I am also a teacher in college so taking back enthusiasm with me to my class. Looking forward to taking more courses from Dr. Chuck
A good start for any one with no prior background in programming. Might help you to get the proper foundations which will be indeed helpful for the future courses.
Great class to learn basics and getting started on python excited for part 2!! If want to learn python and are a beginner this Is definitely the class I recommend!
Excellent class. Got a basic idea about python programming. Now I am very much interested in python programming and would like to continue higher courses on python
I Learned a lot from this course.the concept behind the coding basis of python. And the assignment present in this course helps you to understand the course better
I am very happy after completing this course.The course is very well designed and our instructor is excellent and personally,i loved his way of teaching.Thank You.
A great introduction to the world of Python. Even if you have NO idea what programming is, after this class, you'll be on a good point to start a whole new future.
Exceptional, Great, Take this Specialization, Buy  Dr. Chuk's Book. Enjoy the course and the language. A beautiful Experience by Prof. who is from Slytherin house.
The course was clearly taught by definitely a professional in the field. I particulalrly love the bonus videos who had used python to develop one thing or another.
I am programming after 10 years and i found that this course is paced very well and taught in a very fun and easy to learn manner. Dr Chuck is absolutely fabulous!
I love this course, there are many things to learn here. Dr. Chuck is awesome.Just a little bit of efforts and you're good to go in programming.Thank you Coursera.
This is awesome and Dr. chuck really great and way of teaching really excellent .in this tutorial i m totally confident and i want to forward . thank you Coursera.
Had great fun watching the videos, they were very simple and clear about what did what, and it helped me easily understand the different items that make up Python.
Its a very good course especially for those who have no coding background. Professor has explained things so nicely that even a beginner will learn things quickly.
Highly recommended for anyone who wants to learn programming. The best start to programming with Python, Dr.Chuck literally makes us learn Programming with Python.
Very approachable to students who have no background in Python. Challenging homework/exercise, so we need to spend time to really think through how to work it out.
really good classthe pro make sure that the def and the app are easy for beginners to understand and it is really interesting, so I finish this course really quick
The contents are very educative. It gave everything to be able to learn the matter. After the videos and slides, the quizzes and assignments complete our learning.
I Attend a university for CS and this course get straight to the point and covers all the basics required for python.. This is perfect way to start learning python
the course is very interesting. Although I know python before the class, the class show me the python in different view point. I love the teacher's teaching style.
The course is very helpful and very easy to understand. But it's kind of slow in terms of overall time schedule. Overall a very good course, thanks Professor Chuck
A very welcoming and user-friendly way to get starte with Python. A little bit loose for them aware of usual programming habits, but very useful for total newbies.
I am quite pleasure to be one of the students in this course and I really admire the professor in this class, which had a strong inspiration on me to learn Python.
I learned about python fundamentals so much and in very easy examples. Thank you prof. Charles for this enormous work and sharing your knowledge with other people!
As a complete beginner, I found this course very easy to understand and follow. I only wish there were a few more opportinities to practise. Thanks a lot Dr Chuck!
Dr. Chuck is the man! I have previous programming experience but I'm new to Python. I thought this course was a fantastic start for anyone looking to learn Python.
Excellent course to learn the basics of Python, the professor does a great job explaining how to start programming step by step. Totally recommend it to everyone!!
Great for learning the basics of the Python Programming Language.Would  have been more beneficial if the Python Data Structures course was also available for free.
Very simple and easy to learn, especially when you have learnt other coding language. I learned this after work every day, and I used 3 days to finish this course.
It was really a very useful session, To become a good programmer basics should be strong and  this course helped me to know the basics.Looking forward for the next
I really liked the course the way prof. taught this course it was very interactive.he leaves no concept unturned and honestly speaking I like his way of teaching .
This course is an excellent introduction to Python and moves through the material at an effective pace.  The only recommendation I would provide is more exercises.
This is really good course for beginners. I really appreciate the efforts taken by Coursera team and whoever con for designing such beautiful course for beginners.
It´s an excellent for those how have zero knowledge of programming, a really good methodology. For me it was a nice review, hope the next module follows the trend.
Basics were explained in a very simplified manner, quizzes and assignments were based on what was taught in the slides/videos. Excellent way to understand concepts
Excellent course !Great examples and Dr.Chuck is a very good profesor. This Course encourage me to take the entire specialisation.I'm already doing the second one!
Excellent teaching with good pacing. I've had many false starts with learning Python (and programming in general) but this was the first time I've gotten this far!
Very good course to start programming with Python, well organized, lots of materials, the teacher is very cool and I've really liked this course. Thanks very much.
Awesome class for the people who has no experience in any programming.The class is easy and clear. It will help you step by step. Definitely recommend to everyone!
The instructor is excellent, my background is in finances, but I feel very comfortable with the way that Dr. Chuck explains everything, I really enjoy this class!!
Thanks to dr chuck he is a great teacher the way he teaches is awesome as i am a beginner i enjoyed every bit he taught us. You have my respect and gratitude sir.
It was highly interactive, productive and fun. Considering I don't have any programming or math background, I enjoyed it very much and I believed I learned a lot.
This is really helpful for beginner level.This course will help to understand all basic concepts and which is really needed for student.Thank you for this course.
An awesome course for people who have no knowledge of python at all. I learned many new things through this course. Thank you Dr. Chuck for this wonderful course!
I earned more knowledge through this environment, I thank coursera for this wonderful platormthis environment is very easy and easily reachable to everyone brains
Very Easy course for Beginners and the course content is very good and engaging.  Got to Know many syntax's of python and some basic techniques of Problem Solving
Phenomenal lectures and detailed assignments focusing on incremental knowledge building from one assignment to the next. This course got me hooked on programming!
Excellent professor, excellent teaching methodology, I am really grateful to Coursera, Michigan University and PhD Charles Severance for sharing useful knowledge.
Nice material, great instructor. I am very grateful for having the experience of studying in a class with lots of exercises that facilitates the learning process.
very much nice and worthy course to complete in a very short span of time and intresting to get to the basics of python which are generally being  ignored a while
No one can teach better than Chuck sir, he is just the best. Best place to introduce oneself to the world of programming and again Chuck Sir makes it easy for you
This course provides a simple and concise methodology on the basics and fundamentals of the Python programming language. I encourage non programmers to take this.
very useful course,i learned a lot and get from completely zero to knowing how to type codes.i hope there will be more questions and answers session for practice.
I really enjoyed the course and when I found the professor used a lot of metaphors from my all time favorite Harry Potter series, I immediately loved this course!
Thanks for making a session which helps us to understand the concepts easily. Thank you so much. I will further continue to learn python in the upcoming sessions.
This class is amazing. Very easy to understand. But it would be great if we can talk a little bit more about the Python general formatting and Boolean Expression.
This course is quite helpful. It is very basic and I have no problem understanding it without any related knowledge. Looking forward to knowing more about Python.
It is my honor to take part in this online course. Professor Charles Severance was too articulate in Python and gave me a clear view of thinking like a pythonist!
This course is encourage me to go on more with it :) simple explanation and interactive videos  made it interesting  :) i would like to explore further on this :)
A really well-managed course for beginners. As I have a little bit of pre-experience in Python Programming. I found this course as a great start for any beginner.
Great way to start Python. And moreover Dr Chuck has made it very interesting for all of us. I am doing it with my 13 year old son. So its a father son project::)
Excellent introductory course, Charles is an engaging presenter and the course is logically constructed. Would recommend to anyone as a gateway into learning Pyth
It's great for the introduction. Dr. Chuck provide both VDO, reading materials (short ones), quizes and code practices.  Very easy to navigate through the course.
The course did not overload me with required tools or software that I needed in order to learn this course which has allowed me to focus more on how Python works.
Wonderful. Kudos to Chuck, he is a great teacher. The materials are well prepared, forums are active. I was so passionate I finished within a single week. Thanks!
The best thing about this course was that it's really entertaining. Surprisingly not boring at all. Had fun all the time, going to finish specialization for sure.
Dr. Chuck is a great man with great experience towards the industry at the same time awesome passion towards the teaching. Thanks, Chuck for those great lectures.
Excellent Python Primer. As a C / C++ programmer i am new to python. I found the materials an easy way to get up to speed with the syntax of python. Go Dr. Chuck!
Exciting moments when taking this course. I love the core of this course the way he explained the materials. Assignments are very structure to the lecture. Thx...
I really loved the charles teachings and the way he gives explanations to the course is somewhat at high level that's why I am completed this course within 2 days
An excellent, well explained introduction to programming and Python. I found it interesting and useful even though I know a number of other programming languages!
Professor Severance is so easy-going and patient to explain all the concepts in a simplified way.  I really enjoy this course and have learned a lot about Python.
Very well organized. Could complete this course in a day if you really wanted too! The teacher is also amazing, very charismatic and is able to teach effectively.
A well documented and well paced course. It helped me a lot to learn about programming and what it means, me being newly introduced to programming.Thanks a lot :)
Great intro course - enjoyed the videos and text resources along with the interactive homework assignments.  Would definitely recommend for those starting to code
Great introductory level course that starts at the most basic levels. I had prior experience with C++ and breezed through the course in slightly more than a week.
Quite simple and insightful for programming beginners. I would really recommend it for students and people that want to be introduced to the basics of programming
I'm extremely satisfied about this course. I could understand easily the concept and the first steps of Python. The professeur is a cool guy and that helps a lot.
This course is by far the best beginners course on programming. I really enjoy the presentation of the instructor and the interactive online programming platform.
Basics are perfect. Started off very well. By the time the last chapter had come, I feel that too much was spread into the last chapter. It could be split into 2.
Brilliant course, Professor Chuck is awesome. The amount of time he takes explaining the concepts is remarkable and the assignments and quizzes makes great sense.
Great course  to start programming and learning Python.Dr. Chuck is a very smart teacher. His lessons are interesting, usefull, clear  and funny at the same time.
I love this class because the teacher is  humorous and the content is understandable. It triggers my interest to take more courses about Python. Thanks very much!
Before this course,I know nothing about coding.I think it's a good start for python study.Dr.Chuck is truly brilliant  and humorous.I do love this course. Grazie!
Great class for anyone who as not written code before. Well paced exercises and lectures allow non-coders to become informed about the basics. Highly recommended.
Really well done, it does't teach you just the lenguage but let you understand how it works in the computer.but is for real beginners, usefull the student's notes
Brilliant course. Lectures were made very short and easy to understand. I also liked professor's explaining with a witty tone. I think everyone should try it out
This course teaches me programming in python fro the scratch in this course I learned basics of python programming.Thanks to the Professor Mr. Charles Severance.
Well explained items and one of the most cool professor i have ever came across my life.Hatsoff to you sir,you are the reason i  have started to love programming
I'm so surprised to have such a funny but informative instructor like "Mr. Severus Snape". I'm highly recommended this course for novices. Thanks you, Dr. Chuck.
It was a good course.Anyone can do this course with zero knowledge about python. I like Dr. Chuck a lot.His way of teaching was too good to understand. Thank you
DR.CHUCK was a wonderful man explaining way is awesome and clearing all the doubts when commented in youtube and all there etc...ill like to move forward in this
Thanks for making it available this basic course of python language and this course is awesome,enjoyable.Also thanks for giving extra knowlage from bonus lecture
This course is delivered in a way that is easily understood by everyone so it does not require special requirement in learning it. Thank you so much Dr. Chuck ^^
Entertaining and engaging instructor.  Explanations were clear.  Lessons are well spaced. My only complaint is the discussion forum is a little slow in feedback.
Dr. Charles Russell Severance is a Brilliant teacher! The way he teaches is extremely detailed. Starts from the very basics and in no time taught me how to code!
The course was very interesting and i am very eager to continue the course.Mainly the course instructor brought it very interesting and everything was damn clear
This course really made coding fun for me and easy to learn.Really thanks a lot to professor Charles Severance for teaching in such an easy and fun to learn way.
Thank you very much Dr. Chuck, you was very clear in your explanations.
I enjoyed a lot this new skills I have acquired and I hope to use it's in my future jobs.
I've never done a programming course before and I've really enjoyed the course and Dr. Chuck's teaching and exercises. I'll be continuing with the Python courses
Python has been explained in such a simple way.THANK YOU TO  Dr.Charles Severance  and University of Michigan.Looking forward for the next course soon.Thank you.
Great course to start Python for beginners. The best thing in the course is instructor. The way of teaching is wonderful and interaction with students is superb.
It helps to understand the basic concept and syntax of python programming. I recommend this course to all who want to just start programming. It's for everybody.
Amazing Dr. Chuck :') It was nice learning from him. Though I have been doing programming in C++ and the way he taught Python - exceptionally great. Many thanks.
The professor is so cute! He teaches well too! Personally I think the textbook from the course is useful since there are some exercise you can practice yourself.
It's a great course and many many thanks to me respected instructor to help me realize the issues deeply and encourage and motivate me to learn more about python
The topics which Course covered was very nice for Beginners and Teacher was very very impressive. Dr. Chuck 5-star for you. Thanks for being such a nice teacher.
This course was really amazing that helped me a lot in grabing the skills of python,which was designed for the beginners and iam really thankful to doctor.chucks
This was easier than expected.  Dr. Severance is very engaging, fun and makes the course easy to understand and follow along with.  I really enjoyed this course.
Very easy to get going in python even without any background in programming. The instructor is really good too and makes it easy to understand. Highly recommend!
A extremely friendly introduction to beginner programmers. The instructor is very good at explaining how coding works, and the materials build-up in a nice pace.
This course would be a good material for the very beginning Python learner, and it tells us the basic functions of Python as a very popular programming language.
Excellent introduction to a new programming language. I learning C/C++ 20 years ago, and find Python much easier to understand and use, and better for beginners.
This course is pretty easy. It is a good one to start with. For people who have programming experience, u can actually finish this pretty fast. Like a few hours.
Great course to understand the general programming concepts and hardware / software works. I enjoy watching the office hours in different locations in the world.
This course explanation is very nicely step by step and clear the doubts. I am very thankful to Dr. Chunk for providing the valuable subject class. Thanking you.
Easy to understand and learn a new language. Being an amateur in programming, I found this course straightforward because the professor and content were awesome.
I actually learned python before so this course is very easy for me. Yet I still found it helpful for this course helped me refreshed my understanding of python.
Good intro, but would like more clarity in how to finish last assignment. The text was not informative and should provide a better template of how to get it done
Dr. Chuck has the great abilities of making the students keep the attention high and to express difficult concepts in a simple and mnemonic way. Great course! :)
I would highly recommended to learn Python and basics of programming with this class.The way how Dr. Severance teaches this course is very clear and progressive.
Excellent course! I found the lectures and slides very easy to understand and they were incredibly informative. 10/10 would recommend to prospective cs students.
The best introductory course for Python, especially for those who has zero programming knowledge. Mr. Charles Severance is the best. Hope to learn more from him.
Very good instruction lectures for those with no programming background. A bit simple for those who understand programming already. Breeze through it if you can!
Easy to follow and understand for people without any experience in programming. I really enjoy it and I am definitely taking the whole specialization. Thank you.
This course is a very basic introduction to programming in general and Python in particular. Basic concepts like variables, data types etc are handled very well.
The course is fun and challenging at the same time. I have shared this already with my co-faculty and students, hoping they'll have the same experience as I had.
This course is very excellent, and it gives you the basic knowledge of computers not only the methods to program. Moreover, it is also suitable for the newcomer.
Dr. Chuck is great! At times, the course was a little slow-moving, but that does keep everyone on the same page. Everything is explained in full detail and well.
The instructor needs to polish some examples, and I think a bit more computer science terminology wouldn't hurt. But overall it was a nice introduction to Python
I was a little bit late to start doing assignments, but now I've  even caught up with the course!I like the way how Mr. Charles  teaches and explains the things!
i am learning basic things of python....it's very help full and going cool u know i mean not boring subject is very logical and interesting....thank you coursera
This course is perfect for beginners who has absolutely no knowledge about programming. The lecturer breaks down the concepts to an easily understandable format.
I'm so happy with what I've learned. This is the first course I've finished here on Coursera. The exercises were clear and the explanations were easy to follow.
I AM VERY THANKFUL FOR THIS OPPERTUNITYIT GIVE ME A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE FOR MEFIRSTLY I THANK FOR THE INSTRUCTORHIS CLASS WAS MOST BEAUTIFUL CLASS I EVER HEARD
Great course on python for beginners. Personally I would highly recommend it to people with no prior programming language and are willing to learn from scratch.
This course helped me to understand the basics about Python Language.And also helped me to write simple python code myself and to clear out  the errors occured.
Excellent course.The instructor is very good, and explains everything in detail.I recommend this course if you want to start programming in Python,as a beginner
The whole class is clear and meaningful. You won't feel so hard to handle it,but after you finish it you will find yourself accept a lot before you notice that.
Excellent course with great experience in learning as well as hands on session together. Thanks to Dr.Charles Russell Severance and the entire coursera team....
This course is awesome . As its name "Python for everybody"this really mean it and this course designed i in  a way that it systematically develop the concept .
Mr. Charles is so humorous. The way he teaches makes students feel easy to understand and absorb lessons. Thank you, Mr.Charles for bringing this course online.
Thank you, I am learning a new skill and thank you for making it so efficient and effective. Thank you for your passion and for sharing your in depth knowledge.
Excellent instructor! Very clear and interactive, which helped to turn abstract concepts into bite-sized, doable steps. Would recommend for everyone and anyone.
very good course with a good instructor the way the concepts were explained was awesomeand with additional videos it was a kind of motivation for fututre for me
It is a very good course for people who just want ot start code as it is very simple to understand and a kind of  simple when compared to other coursers online.
Great!!! I've tried to learn Python several times and this is the first time that I feel I can really do this. I really enjoyed this class. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Very nice course for beginners. Slightly on the easy side who have a knowledge of programming but good to start if you want to learn syntax and rules of python.
It was really great, I knew nothing about programming and I did not find it as hard as I thought it would be. The explanations are simple and easy to understand
One of the best tutor I have ever met and also I enjoyed a lot and learned a lot. Being a professor by profession I must say I also enjoyed a lot in this course
Very good course . You can learn from scratch . If you previously know some other language then just read the chapters from the book and attempt the assignment.
Amazing! I really proud of myself and thank you so much Prof. Charles Russell Severance!Now I am continuing of my course. Next goal is Python Data Structure! :)
programming for everybody(Getting started with python)  this course is very easy to understand tq for dr.chruck for teaching easier and tq for offer this course
Good! Very simple - easy to keep a good pace going. I liked flow from the common sense language at the beginning to the more technical approach towards the end.
A great course to get one started on the right footing in learning about Python programming. Particularly getting the right concept about basic of programming !
Dr. Chuck is an absolutely fantastic instructor. The course is well structured, easy to follow, substantive, and fun. Thanks Dr. Charles Severance and Coursera!
The professor is amazing, reading just the book will make you stay away but he presents it in such simple language that you're bound to love python. Great work!
I've learned a lot on coursera , Mr.chuck was also a very good teacher to help those students whom they doesn't belong to science background.Thank You Coursera.
Programming for Everybody (Py4E) is the wonderful, helpful and most perfect  fundamental course of Python.  A good starting point for computer science learning.
This course was really helpful.It was my first online education course,I am really inspaired by this course and i want to take more online courses from coursera
amazing introduction to Python. Really inspired me to learn more ! Really appreciate the efforts taken by Dr, Charles in explaining things in very layman terms.
Dr. Chuck is such an incredible person to watch and listen to. His humor and teaching style are unique and incredibly helpful for any beginner. Loved the course
I enjoyed learning this course very much. The way professor explains the concepts is really interesting and clear. Support from discussion forum is appreciable.
This was a great introduction to Python. I appreciate the structure and support that each lesson provided. I would most certainly take another class. Thank you.
Excellent course.I was already familiar with python programming, however I wished I had this course back when I was starting out. Really awsome work! Thank you!
Excellent course overall good learning experience.  Class assignments introduced me to modern programming tools such as atom and various programming constructs.
This was fantastic. Charles Severance is a brilliant teacher. He made the subject thoroughly entertaining, and I'll definitely be continuing the specialisation.
This is awesome class. Even If I have some experience in programming, I also learn some different logic to complete the requirement.Thanks Dr. Chuck and Team :)
Dr. Chuck is super clear in his explanations. I was new to Python but not to programming. Nevertheless I learnt a lot and was always interested in what he said.
This course is highly recommended to novice programmers. As being a .Net developer, I find this course very easy and helpful to get hands onto basics of Python.
very well organized course, I like the professor as well. perfect for people without programming experience. exercises are also good to review the class content
The course is designed well, no prior programming language needed to begin. Examples , exercise and assignment help to practically understand the use of Python.
This is a very thorough class for beginners, with very practical and detailed contents. Highly recommende this course to people with or without basic knowledge.
great course for the people who wants enter in data science field or even want to learn python this course is best Dr chuck is the best teacher i have ever seen
Thank you for the great course !I definitely enjoyed this course and learned a lot about python.I will take following course to get more knowledge about python.
Loved the whole Environment of studying, learning with all the motivational videos, all compiled together.. For making the learning process fun and interesting.
Such a great course! very well explained and easy to get addicted of :) Thanks a lot Dr Chuck for sharing your knowledge and your extraordinary teaching skills!
Really clear lectures and fab book to accompany.  Fully explained all concepts and has been a bit help to me in further developing my understanding of concepts.
It is a really good course for people that don't know anything about programming, charles severance is also a very good teacher, makes the class easy and funny.
This is a very clear teaching, dynamic and a pleasure class to take. Learned a lot, finding the solutions and tricks to a first starter in programming Technics.
I really enjoyed this course. Professor explains in very easy way. I am novice in programming, but found that I can do it. Thank you for this excellent course.
It's good Course for biginner to udderstand easily. After the course you can ability apply your own logic for next Future technology courses (AL,ML,Django etc)
Love this course, and also really really Enjoyed this Course. I am happy to learn on Coursea and Learn much of Python just because of University of Michigian..
It was a really interesting and easy to understand course. The professor is very good and teaches at a nice pace. Thank you for getting me started with python.
Thank you a lot for such a good start with Python!More than that I am grateful for the opportunity to work on my English by watching your well prepared videos!
Best course for beginners.  More assignments should have been given. Thanks to Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering and Coursera.  Dr. Chucks- you are awesome.
loved how the material was presented in a very simplified manner.  I learned a lot and was happy to have been able to solve all assignments without assistance.
Really nice for beginners. In my case, I had some previous knowledge, so I did this course just to see if my foundation was strong enough for the other courses
Well desired course for students which is helped in lockdown period so everyone can please go through it , and a good experience with it.... Thank you coursera
The course is too good for beginners. You do get to learn the basics of python, syntax to be used and how sequential code can be written to do meaningful tasks
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, and i think i will try my hands more on this language. Thankyou so much professor sanpe(as you said in the first video):):):)
all the aspects which was needed for productive learning was provided.All concepts were delivered in very effective way. Hope to learn more from same platform.
The course is awesome.Thanks to Dr. Charles Severence for providing this amazing course and cheers to coursera for bringing this great work by instuctor to us.
I liked the educator's energy which engaged me throughout the course.He has explained one of the most widely used programming language in a very simple manner.
Prof Chuck is a Magician with a magic wand somewhere hidden but its obvious after having this time with him as a prof that obviously he is having a Magic Wand.
Great course.. highly recommended to all of you to take this course for enjoying python language., The way of teaching is really amazing. Thank you sir Charles
this was good course to learn.i took so long to start learning from coursera but nothing is too late, i find it very interesting and look forward to learn more
It's very good, the explanation is very clear and easy to be understood. For those who are new to programming language, you can have this as your first course.
Dr Chuck gives extraordinary python stuff and the way he explained is very interesting and enthusiastic.Thank you very much Dr Chuck and University of Michigan
Really enjoyed learning using this beginners course for Python. It has been well taught and I found it easy to understand even without any previous experience.
The content was well presented and easy to understand and follow. The Online Grading tool made it easy to complete the tasks. I can't wait for the next course.
Wonderful teaching by Dr Chuck thank you so much sir. this is best online course . i suggest you guys to this is better platform to learn python online course.
This was a really great way to start with python programming. The instruction was so clear on explanations and overall it was a wonderful time spend doing this
Exceptional course for beginners and important to go through the follow up courses to have completion of ideas in basic python programming. Highly recommended.
Charles - Shows the way how to teach online and how to ensure the students gets what is needed. I highly recommend this and would give 10 star! if they have :)
Very nice course for beginners, helpful even if you not from coding background.If you are starting you coding life by learning python then this course is best.
This course is an absolutely magnificent tool for any person who's starting to learn programming, and anyone can do it, no matter what their previous level was
this is my first time programming in any language. thank you for giving me the opportunity to start something new that will remain with me for a very long time
The best course ever if you are aiming to become a Programmer or if you simply want to learn python, no matter your previous background. I highly recommend it.
This was a great course! Easy intro into programming in general, and Prof. Chuck is great! Enjoyed it thoroughly and learned a lot. Continuing to the next one!
A good pace for someone like myself who had not "programmed" since learning PASCAL back in 1983.  I look forward to taking the entire series of Python classes.
Great and simple starting point for learning Python. I've tried a few ways of learning Python and this was definitely the most easy to understand introduction.
Dr Charles is very enthusiastic and fun teacher.His comparison to life's examples makes it so much easier to learnDefinitely a good beginner session to python.
I love this course!  Charles breaks the concepts down enough so that someone without a background in computer science can understand the basics of programming.
Great course! Lots of fun to follow Dr. Chuck through the lessons. The learning curve is great for someone new to programming. Thanks for making this possible!
Very instructive approach for people like me with any programming knowledge. Practice exercises are challeging and allows me to put in practice video lessons.
The dedication that was given to the development of this course is wonderful, the explanation is carried out step by step with great detail, excellent course.
The material was easy to follow. I really appreciated Dr. Sevrenace's enthusiastic approach to programming. I will definitely take the subsequent courses too.
For me it was an excellent course, the content is well organized, the videos are very clear, you can do the excersises over and over until you actually learn.
Good course for Python basic. I complete this course for 3 weeks because WFH Covid-19 i have much time to get online course. Thank you Coursera and my Campus.
Awesome course, I've been trying to learn Python for a very long time, and now that I finally got the time. I'm so glad that I found this class, it's perfect!
wow this course make my mind open ! i really like attended this course ! because of this, i want to learn much about programming with python and anything else
It was very fun while coding, Charles sir is just amazing.Never could even think of learning the basics of python this easily. Thank you so much Charles sir!!
I found this course very very useful. Also, I would like to thank Dr. Chuck sir for his immense effort in making this course both enjoyable and knowledgeable.
All the content is easy to understnad for basic learners and the instructor Mr.Charles is really teaching in the best way to make everything understand easily
This is my first Dr. Chuck lecture series and I am enjoying this content from the beginning.Thanks to Coursera and Dr.Chuck for giving me such a good content.
I really learned a lot in this course as this was my first programming course. This is the best course for beginners who want to learn python . Amazing start.
Its one the great course i have ever come across. This course covers all topic from basic to intermediate. Anyone beginning with python must take this course.
Really worth Course. It will give you tremendous confident while learning in Python. Prof Dr.Charles is awesome in explaining the concepts. Go for this course
The course was well designed and very interactive session. It helped to understand the basic of programming language and fruitful for a non-programmer person.
The concepts of programming were very nicely explained and thee assignments allowed a hands-on experience to put the teaching into practice.Thank you Chuck!!!
This course is useful for beginners. A good basic conceptual explanation of what the program does and the relationship between computer hardware and software.
Really a well crafted course for the beginners in python programming language, the course material is so lucid that any one can take this course and learn it.
It was really great opportunity for me to start learning Python within this course! I am sure that this course is absolutely perfect for beginners! Thank you!
I have enjoyed this online course throughout 7 weeks of time and the way Chunk explaining the key concepts was spellbinding. Signing up for the next tutorial.
This is an exceptionally approachable course - with plenty of detail and decent curve-balls that prove your paying attention, and to get you to figure it out.
It starts from the extreme basics and I believe anyone, ANYONE who has no idea about programing languages will also be able to learn alot through this course.
The lectures were really good and prof Charles cleared all my concepts well.The quizes and assignments were of great help too. I am glad i took up this course
The first course provides the basics of programming. Great teacher! Everything is interesting! Thank you very much! I will take all courses of specialization.
I'm very to start this as my first computing course..It is very helpful,understandable and made more curious  and addicted to learn more and more....thank you
The course introduces Python from the very basics and slowly builds up from there. It has created a solid foundation for us to delve into more advance topics.
Wonderful course Many things I have learn and will now be elaborate them toghether and work on it until desired output is acheived Special thanks to Dr.chucks
i got a knowledge about Python so this is very useful for me i give to thanks to mr Charles Russell Severance who give me a lot of knowledge about the python.
This course is a very interactive and is easy to follow along at your own pace. I've learned more than I have from an intro to comp sci course at a university
It was a wonderful experience learning with Chuck. He is a very good teacher, he explained everything very precisely from scratch and it was a fun experience.
It is great course to start learning python . It"s cover basic stuffes of python language . good to go with this course and improve your knowledge and ideas .
Great intro to learning Python. The instructor does an amazing job elaborating on topics and really helps complete programming beginners with learning Python.
Professer Severance is incredible! I've had some C++ programming learning experience before but never have such clear understanding as I am now ! Many thanks!
Professor Charles is an excellent teacher, I feel very connected even though I am doing this course online. I will try to complete the rest of the series too.
It is a very nice class. I really learn some basic python skills following the instructions. And now I would continue my python learning. Pythonista, come on!
when all seems like i ll never can to understand the use of the if, while , or any basic instruction for programing ,i did found this course: thanks Severance
The course is pretty good for beginners as everything is explained clearly. But it would be even better if the instructor can talk more about how to use atom.
Great Start for people who have never coded - if you know another language, this will only take you a day to go through and provides you with a nice framework
This is very good course, specially for someone new to programming.  It gives you all the info you need to start you learning, whether you use Windows or Mac.
Very good intro to Python. I was familiar with the language already, so this was kind of a breeze. Looking forward to harder material in subsequent courses...
Loved the passion of Professor Severance, he made the concepts behind Python so much simpler. I look forward to the rest of the courses in this specialisation
If you are an absolute beginner - great course. In my case, I am looking forward to the other upcoming courses in the specialization. This was a bit too easy!
The instructor is very nice. He is very interesting and explains the details patiently. Also the assignments are really helpful for beginners to learn Python.
I really enjoy this course and thanks to the professor and all the mentors making everything possible, and i wish other students still on it a very good luck.
Though the assignments  were quite easy, enjoyed the lectures because of the way Mr. Severance presented the materials. Hope to take the next courses as well.
Excellent course!! I'm really into Python!Dr. Chuck´s English is pretty easy to understand and he is very resourceful, so I totally recommended. Thanks a lot!
This course is very useful for the beginners who are not familiar with programming. It does not need any prerequist knowledge. Just start and can learn a lot.
This material is great!  Very well put together, going at a good pace but not to fast for me to digest.  Really one of the best coding courses I've ever taken
This was my very first interaction with computer programming and I believe the best way to begin. Thank you so much! I am excited to follow the other courses.
A great course for the beginners!!! And a good and funny professor at the helm of the course!!! A really good experience for the students!!! Thank you, sir!!!
This is a nice slow wade-in to the concepts behind programming with lessons that happen to use Python. Very good for me. I enjoyed it and recommend it highly.
this the the most easy and understandable python course I have ever come across I was a complete noob until I found this course, I learned a lot about python
This course is really amazing and it really helped me so much to improve my basics in programming. I am very glad to have this kind of course and mentor too.
the content thought in this course  is very helpful . sir thought basic very good i expect more example and problem solving quiz from your side THANK YOU SIR
This course is great, especially for the beginner. This course helps me to understand the basics of Python language which will help in future python lessons.
Undoubtedly the best way to start programming. Easy to understand, grasp things. Dr.Chuck is a mastermind, he knows how to keep you interested in the course.
I have learned so much about the basics of Python in this course! I thought I wouldn't like Python but after this class, I love it! Thank you, Dr. Severance!
Excellent course, every concept was explained splendidly. I would recommend this course to everyone who would like to learn programming or python in general.
Excellent introduction to coding for complete beginners. Fantastic teacher - illusion of 100% being present here and now. I felt like having private lessons.
the pace of the course was very well maintained also the way the concepts were explained and how they were explained were remarkable Glad I took this course.
I loved it. I felt really confident about what I was learning, and the professor explains everything very clear and in a fun way. I can´t wait to learn more!
I am very happy with this course. It has introduced programming as simple as possible. it also explains how about technology and hardware. So loved it a lot.
Great course for absolute beginners. But additional knowledge must be gained simultaneously while taking this course through youtube or python documentation.
great class for beginners. I have experience in C. I finished this class over one night. I wish to gain more knowledge in further classes to practice python.
Such an amazing course. I learned a lot from this course. I'll recommend this course to my friends and Ill learn as many courses as I can and gain knowledge.
Completely starts off from the beginning so even if you are not familiar with coding and this is your first programming language you will bw able to cope up.
A great experience having this course. The instructor is nice and keeps us interested by side computer talks and office hour etc. I loved his teaching style!
It's a great experience with Coursera. The module is so motivating and interesting. It is my first course. Thank you Coursera for providing this opportunity.
Excellent teaching approach. This course clear all the basic concepts of python. Best course for starting learning python. Thank you very much Dr. chuck sir.
This initial course really gets the user/student ready for the next week without any confusion and helps them to know what to expect in the upcoming courses.
Excellent introduction, teaching style really works for me. Feel like I'm making great progress and doesn't seem too overwhelming. Really really enjoying it!
This course is really helpful! I'm really bad at computer before. But I've learned a lot about programming from this course and I kinda like programming now.
It was a great experience with this , i have leaned python from basics and now i am sure that i can code.Thanks for the instructor and the tough assignments.
This course help me have a brief knowledge about Python. There is a expression: you learn python, you are trying to talk with snack. so be funny, just do it.
Charles Severance is a great instructorand makes this course very interesting in his own method of teaching. Will definitely recommend this course to others.
Great video tutorials. Clear and concise teaching from Dr. Chuck! Kudos!I also love how you include videos showing real-time lessons, stories, and scenarios!
Amazing beginning course to jump into python. Mr Chuck is awesome instructors ever. I got to learn so many new things and learning is totally with fun here..
It's truly for everybody, very easy to follow, with good structure, nice quizzes and assignments that help you digest the concepts presented in the lectures.
Professor Severance is a great teacher. He understands the students' ability trying to take this course and has paced the lectures and his style accordingly.
Very good introduction to programming using python - the teacher explains the concepts very carefully and the course is not too complicated for beginners ;-)
Really clear instructor. Knows his stuff and has a great teaching style. One of the best online intro programming courses I started and the first I finished.
This is my first mooc and first course on programming. Although I still fear programming but this course has helped me reduce my anxiety to a certain extent.
Very easy to understand. Step-by-step guide to basics of python. If you are familiar with other programming languages, you can learn this course in 1-2 days.
I'm truly impressed, especially by your noble intention that everyone should have access to programming lectures! And with regard to Python, its really good!
Very useful course in terms of helping non-programmers getting started with coding using python. Highly recommend! Also recommend taking the specialization!!
I highly recommend this course to someone who know nothing about coding but eager to learn! The instructor makes learning programing an enjoyable experience!
Great content, well dispersed and easy to follow and understand. Professor is patient and very knowledgeable. Recommended for anyone looking to learn Python.
The course was amazing. Dr. Chuck went a little faster in 5.2, but overall, it was very easy & fun to learn. Thank you Coursera & The University of Michigan.
This course has certainly introduced me to the world of programming, I certainly did not think it would be this easy to grasp, in such a short space of time.
great intro to Python.  Professor is great at easing you into the language and logic behind all the "lingo." Will work to complete the entire specialization.
Excellent introduction to Python and computer programming in general. Lectures from Professor Chuck keeps you interested in the course. Strongly recommended.
I am heaving great time while learning. This whole idea of people learning
what they want from people whose teaching what they love is perfect.
Thanks Chuck!
Very interesting and easy to understand for the beginners like me who doesn't have any previous knowledge in programming. Prof. Severance is a great teacher.
Good introductory course. I've programmed in Perl in the past and this gave me the opportunity to familiarize myself with Python's basic commands and syntax.
One of the best courses I have ever taken for any programming. Professor, study  material and course structure, everything is excellent. highly recommended.
I have always found it hard to understand and try coding. However, the instructor made it look like a piece of cake. Also, the course was super interesting!
good course for a person who knows nothing at all about programming. simple language and concepts explained in a very basic simple logical manner. loved it.
Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher, I like the way he kept me motivated in learning from start and inspiring you to learn. I understood the concepts so well.
If u really want to enjoy and make  concept clear .i will suggest please go through the course it's  having too much fun while learning..thanks to Dr. Chuck
I am glad I was able to complete it. But I think if I had read the book Programming for Everybody together with the course would be easier for me to follow.
First i thought python is very difficult language. But now this course made my believes false. Thank you for this university for giving this special course.
Such a great course, right from the basics. I'd done a bit of C earlier, so I found it a bit easier, but they way Dr. Charles taught was absolutely awesome.
This course is very much useful for professional members. And it is more informative course for beginners. I thank to coursera  and senior faculty members..
Thank you for this interesting and very nice course. I wish you all the best and to teach many great students to improve and develop science of programming.
It was amazing.Mr. Chunk is great. He let me love python because of his simple way in giving us the info.Thanks, you changed too many people life to better.
The journey was wonderful. I really enjoyed the class and learned new and interesting thing about python language. Dr. Charles is amazing and best in field.
Dr. Charles Russell Severance teaching is excellent ,I like his way of teaching and I learned the basics of python programming and sir is my big inspiration
By passing this Course I learned a lot in really few weeks, Would like to thank Mr. Chuck for The amazing teaching & knowledge sharing, feeling so grateful.
It was the really nice and useful course for beginners , and for those who really dont know about programming. I specially thanks to Charles Severance Sir .
The course is really good can be easily understandable to everyone. mainly, the instructor is teaching in such a way that everyone can understand the course
the course instructor is a very efficient teacher and makes learning. His attempts to tend to the smallest problems of a beginner learner were very helpful.
Excellent course!  The instruction was very easy to follow and the practice exercises were perfect for an introduction.  Looking forward to Data Structures.
Sir teaches very good python,it is very interesting to learn the way Sir teaches.Glad i have completed the basics now looking for further. Thankyou.....!!!!
The course is great for beginners as it teaches the basics very well. Dr. Chuck is really a good instructor, the  contents and materials are well organised.
It is an awesome course for people with no knowledge of programming or beginner programmers with no knowledge of python. Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor.
You did a fantastic job! Programming is not new to me but Python is so I decided to start from scratch with your class. You made it fun and love your style!
What you need a good introductory course for non-science majors. 
This is  a online learning  experience for me.
And!!! The teacher is also very cute.😂😂😂
lectures are basic and instructive but give a little cue about assignments. it is impossible to do assignments without checking its solution in the internet
It was an good experinece to learn from Dr. chuck. I have learn basics of Phyton how to use all condition. It was just incredible journey with you. Thankyou
The course is nice but I felt the content can be improved to next level. Its was too basics and it would be nice if you add some additional advance concept.
Excellent content and very good teaching. Like the title says anyone can come here and go out with good python knowledge. Looking forward for other courses.
Well structured and very well detailed for novices. Since I am from a scripting background this course was easy but still keeps me engaged … Loved the tests
Great content. The instructor explains everything properly and assignments are also good for practice. Just a few more programs to practice would be better.
What an outstanding class from clear comprehensive explanation and coding examples to the cool interviews in each week. Can't wait to take the next classes!
I Loved their Assignments and Dedication Towards getting as max as they can reach.I Loved It. Love to Meet the whole Team to say Thanks to them Personally .
Professor Severance is great at explaining the details for this course for beginners. Would definitely recommend for anyone who wants to learn from scratch.
this course is very clearly structured and everything is explained from the basic level. It is a good course for someone without background for programming.
Much more useful than expected. Very clear explanation of the all aspects of programming and very effective organization of the study plan..! Good Job guys!
I find the instructor inviting and knowledgeable. His accessibility alone adds to the learning of the python language and my desire to further my education.
Perfect course for people who have absolute zero background in programming, pace is great and lot of extra material for fun and enhanced learning experience
Interesting classes, various teaching methods, and abundance materials! I learned it and practiced it with related applications on my phone, quite enjoy it!
wonderful course... having classes with Dr. Chuck is really great... i wish i had the opportunity to meet him in person... i strongly recommend this course.
Really Perfect course. Sure will continue rest of them. Python has very easy syntax, which increasingly attracts and rises the interest to further learning.
Very good for students with little to no programming background. Experienced programmers will find it easy to learn when diving into programming with Python
It's very good course to get started with python, well explained. Anyone who is willing to get started with programming in python should go for this course.
easy, fun and informative.  lectures fly by and he adds a many common mistakes first time programmers make and shows how to check for them and correct them.
This is my first successful COURSERA course. Thank You Mr. Chuck for keeping us so interested and helping us learn this very language. Thanks you so much :)
Material is slow, but the wiki is very very useful for experienced programmers to share data and learn quicker when slower paced videos are not interesting.
During this study, I have learnt a lot about python including the basic knowledge. I am glad to have this opportunity. Thanks a lot, professor and coursera.
Very easy to comprehend using the text and working the examples. Doing the examples in the text and debugging on your own seemed like the best way to learn.
A very well-designed and engaging course for newcomers in programming/Python. It was an excellent experience and I would be learning and practicing further.
Very well structure and developed I started with JavaScript but find this language much more friendly for beginners like me. Congratulations to the faculty.
Its a great learning venture , opportunity for beginners and students to learn  & gain knowledge from high qualified experts n faculties. kudos to Coursera.
IT's just perfect course to jump start your programming skills in python and in addition to that when it's Dr.chuck as instructor the class is never boring.
I extremely enjoyed this course. Its very well explained and although I'm in the field of CS. I feel anyone who is new to coding can learn from this course.
Dr Severance always explains things in a clear and interesting way. I will take even the other classes of Programming for Everybody. Absolutely recommended!
Literally for "Everybody"... Starts right from the very basics. If you are used to one or more programming languages, you can finish it off in a few hours..
lost... lost..... lost...... lost..... lost..... I love it the entire course was really interesting and good...... all  because of the wonderful instructor
Excellent!!!! Thankyou I jave learned new things.This is very good course for the beginners to learn programming.The assignments and quizes  are very nice.
It is a wonderful course, i am an engineering student this course helped me a lot in improving knowledge towards python. I feel happy I joined this course.
The course was very insightful. The instructions are well thought out, it was challenging & there was sufficient support to complete the challenges easily.
The Instructor was really funny and educative. I hardly had any problem doing any assignment.No wonder this is one of the most popular courses on coursera.
This was an unbelievably well put course for a person like me who had no experience in programming. Thank you Dr Severance, thank you sir for your efforts.
One of the best course of python I have ever attended. I am very much impressed by the terminologies used to explain the concepts. Lots of love for Dr Chuk
Thank you for this course. I gain experience and knowledge in python tools which are useful and effective. I'll use this in my project. And lots of thanks.
A very awesome course. God bless Dr. Chuck. His jovial attitude and detailed explanations are just the right things you need for an introduction to python.
Very Nice course. The instructor is very good at explaining python. I would definitely recommend this course to all beginners interested in learning python
Excellent material, the professor is just amazingIf you have no idea, or maybe if you have some cofussion regarding how to code, you shall take this course
Thank you Edureka for providing us such a wonderful opportunity in the pandemic time of COVID-19. This will help me to increase my interest in programming.
A great foundation course to get your started on Python.  For me, it was a good refresher on programming from the days I was coding more than 20 years ago.
This is the perfect place for a beginner to get started with python. All the resources available are great for those who want to get started with python!!!
This is great introductory course for computer programming.  The instructor is fantastic at teaching the subject in a way that makes learning fun and easy!
Great course. I would like to continue to the end of the book ... I got an excellent experience in teaching and learning online. Many thanks to the author.
This course is easy to be understood and the excise is excellent and helpful for programming in real world . Appreciated for the work done by Dr. Severance
A very eye opening course for those zero background in python programming. Highly recommended if you are a beginner and want to explore the world of python
This course is absolutely fantastic and i had a great learning experience throughout the course.Thank you Dr,Severance and Coursera team for such a beauty.
I don't have any background in programming. This course helped me a lot to get my basics cleared. Charles Severance as an instructor is highly recommended.
Being a non-programmer, this course suited me very well. The teacher is engaging and enthusiastic about his subject. It's fun to learn and very well paced.
Love this course very much! Very approachable and easy to understand. Thanks a lot for the online coding tools, it saves me a lot time in learning by iPad.
This is an excellent Training. Mr.Charles has great training skills. Program takes you from basics of programming to Python skills. Great to learn 'Python'
Sir Charles Severance is a passionate teacher. I loved the way he taught me Python and strengthened my basics. Will love to learn from him again in future!
Great course, the instructor brought a really delightful energy to the class. The course material are a great tool for the course, but also for the future.
That's a great warm up for the advance python programming, it can indubitably make you hero from zero even if you just devote 1 hour a day for just 10 days
Amazing Course, the way it's taught and it's assignments.Each and everything is giving the best possible way to grow. I would highly recommend this course.
This course is great for anyone who wants to start programming. The professor is amazing and he takes you through each step wisely. I highly recommend  it.
Clear instruction, reasonable speed of introducing new concepts, relevant quizzes and exercises, and love the video transcripts. Very positively impressed.
Chuck is a great professor and all the explanations are so easy and quick to follow, also entertaining. I just loved it. Thanks! I'm continuing learning =)
For beginners, this is a good course, but for programmers who already have a certain foundation, the course is not deep. Thank you for the courses offered.
A very nicely conducted course on Python programming language. My deepest gratitude to the instructor for spending his invaluable time to make this course.
Great professor.  Pretty straight-forward technology to set up, with only minor usability issues.  Overall really satisfied with strongly recommend rating.
Great course, Charles has guided beginner learner like myself to understand the fundamental concept of python. Great course to start learning about Python.
I thought this course was great. I really feel as though I have a good foundation to continue building on Python. Thank you very much for this opportunity.
Awesome Course . Walked me nicely through the fundamentals of python language. I highly recommend this course for those you want to start coding in Python.
Great intro course! All lectures make concepts abundantly clear and prepare the student well for the assignments. Throughly grounds one in the foundations.
By mistake wrote the wrong name for instructor. I wrote Dr. Chuck instead of  Dr. Charles Severance. Please correct that in previous comment/review. Thanks
Instructor was a tad annoying (sorry), but great course for fundamentals. Helped me to reinforce a couple concepts that I have really been struggling with.
This course introduces the related topic in a simple yet interesting way. The lecturer knows how to teach and is an expert in his domain. Very good choice!
Great course - very well prepared for people, who start working with Python. The tutor explains everything very clearly so that the assignments are doable.
Dr. Chuck is very good at teaching this class! His dedication to this course makes students know more about the essence of Python! Go Dr. Chuck! Go Python!
Wonderful experience!! very smooth and inspiring classes. I'm a bio guy and often thought that this not for me. But Dr. Chuck disproved it! thanks, Chuck!
For those who are new to programming, this course is a must. This course will help you understand the basic concepts of python and programming in general.
It`s a great course with a very good teacher. I used to hate programming and he made it seem so much more interesting and easy at the same time. Thank you
Best teacher ..teacher taught each and eveything so properly that it just got stuck into my mind,this course is very beneficial for me.Thanks to coursera.
Wonderful Course to help beginners get a hang on coding and Python is the best language to start with. I highly recommend it to all beginners out there :)
It was an awsome course. I really  liked the course as it has many basic details about python language. Dr chuck is such an amazing teacher and motivator.
It's very interesting to learn programming languages, thank you sir for your wonderful teaching, and also thanks to my college and courseraThnaks a lot...
One of the best courses I have witnessed on Coursera, as it completes all aspects by gathering information related to the in-depth knowledge about python!
That was so great and I've learned many things in this course and the instructor was very kink and helpful for me I can't wait i will  join the next part.
It's a very good course to be learnt by the beginners.Everyone must choose this course.I am glad to learn the basics of python. Thank you Coursera....!!!!
Very good experience, I'm pleased with Sir Charles. Many new has been learned, great, thank you University of Michigan for providing great thing to simple
It was a great course, with an extremely patient and outgoing instructor, who made sure to keep the course as simple and yet interesting at the same time!
well put together for a beginner and for someone who has no prior knowledge of python, can easily understand and pickup the language fast with this course
Great for a rookie like me. It doesn't assume a lot of prior knowledge, but the teacher isn't patronizing either when it comes to simplifying the content.
This course is suitable for who want to learn Python with no experiece about this. For me, it's not easy but I think anyone can achieve if you try enough.
One of the best courses i have ever taken. Charles explained every thing about programming and syntax of python programming in easy and understanding way.
Very good course for a beginner who has no prior knowledge about how a programming language works . Really enjoyed the course and had a fun time learning.
Learning experience was so good.I understood each and every concept involved in this course.I would really like to do specialization in python. thank you.
Amazing course for beginners. As it mentions it is for everybody. Highly recommended! starting from scratch. Thank you so much Dr. Chuck , UM and coursera
Very good course, I have only dabbled in trying to code but this gave me a great foundation to start at, can't wait to keep on going, thank you professor!
Superb Course. Dr. Chuck is an awesome teacher. He just made it very much easy and constructive simultaneously. Would encourage folks to take this course.
My experience was very awesome  and i'm here for whole specialization so it will be awesome,its  nice to see you there and thanks a lot for these courses.
A very good introduction to the beginners. But may not be that necessary to the intermediate persons. Beginners of python should must try this course out.
Dr.Charles with a great teacher, specially his playful makes the online class more alive. Never before have I woken up this excited to finish assignments!
Being a computer scientist, this course enables me to discover Python from scratch and I love it. I enjoy it and I hope I will use it in a future project.
Easy to UnderstandThe concepts, explained in the course is very easy to understand, added to that the interviews of people kept me hooked into the course.
I just love this course, and the way sir was teaching was very nice. i think everyone who wants to become a programmer should take this course. Thank you.
I am coming from a different field of engineering(Mechanical) but the instructor made it so simple to learn to code. I am grateful that I took the course.
Really nice course. He taught the courses really well. Got an in depth understanding for coding in Python. Can't wait to start the next one on the series!
This course was an amazing learning. I learnt lot many things from this course.My level confidence has been boosted up with this course.Thank you Coursera
Professor Severance is an incredible teacher. This is a very gentle yet effective introduction to programming and the Python language. Highly recommended.
Very good introduction to Python. Can be challenging but I'm living proof that you can start this with no experience in programming and finish it in time!
Already a programmer; just taking this to become familiar with Python and Coursera. It worked for me, and seemed very beginner friendly. I'd recommend it.
Thanks to University of Michigan and Instructor "Charles Severance", I could follow the course material with full motivation and finish the course early:)
Great course! All the points are demonstrated pretty clearly by Prof. Chuck. Highly recommend this course to everyone who wants to enter the Python world!
One of the best video tutorials I had taken, very clear and explanatory with worked out examples. Charles is an amazing tutor.Thank you very much for this
This course was really good for the new learners who they want to be programmer. I really loved it also it really helped me with the basic of programming.
The professor is awesome. The course is easy to follow, not too challenging, and kind of fun. I'm definitely taking the next course in the specialization.
A great course. Taught in a simple way which makes it easy for everyone to understand. I want to thank Coursera and the Tutor for helping me learn Python.
It is a good place to start if you are looking to dive into the ocean of awesomeness of Python. Dr.Chuck makes the course easy with his style of teaching.
Very didactic. I took programming back in school (1975) and learned Fortran. I just needed some refreshers to get back in the mood and this course did it.
I really like this course, really! Thanks to Professor Chunk, thanks to coursera for offering such a great platform for us to learn and to improve myself!
This course is amazing. Take this course and you will learn the basics to be a good python code. The professor make this easy with a good way of teaching.
this is a very good start of Python. all materials are easily understood. The instructor will lead you a great and interesting journey of python. Join us.
Extremely helpful with a good understanding of how the code works. I'm going to use this to help me teach fundamentals of code to my friends in STEM Club.
The way of teaching is so good that even a person with no programming skills can understand justified the tittle python for everybody surely for everybody
The Professor really explain evey steps clearly in an very interesting way.  I'd love to take the rest of course. Just why they start at the same time ...
Really good course to start Python and more importantly programming. Fun way to get beginners interested in programming. Definitely recommend this course.
A bit slow if you already know other languages but the teacher is nice and I guess that for people who have no idea about programming it is a good lecture
Very helpful with some foundational principles of programming that I've been missing as I've tried to take other courses using R for statistical analysis.
Good explanations and Dr.Chuck makes the course fun. Exercises could probably be a bit more challenging, but it will do for absolute beginners. Thank you.
Thank you so much for this great science content, I really like the introduction Charles Russell.  He really has a great way of explaining, he's the best
Exceptional teaching and a good experience in learning this.... And a great journey...... 😇😇😇😇.... Enjoyed very much.... Legendary teacher Dr. Chuck.
It's very helpful and worthy course to learn in this pandemic and I here by give 100% surety that you will be able to improve your programming knowledge.
it is a wonderful platform to learn Python , and i really enjoyed it , they taught in a clear and detailed way so that it helped me to understand quickly
Am really so happy to clim this certificate i will continue this until the end thanks for every body who work in this course to make it perfect like this
its a nice experiance to learn python. very easily explained by them. helpfull to build basics of python.means a lot to me......thank u..................
I think this course is very interesting, the teacher is very humorous and it is not difficult to start with basic teaching, it is suitable for beginners.
Thank you for guidance and teaching me about python programming in very simple and creative way.... these skills is surely going to be beneficial for me.
Thanks for your courses and teaching Dr.Charles Severance. I want to learn more of your courses.This certificate is very helpful for my job.Thanks a lot.
This course gives skill about how to program the code. It is the excellent course of Python.Through this course, you will get  Python programming skills.
It was indeed a very much helpful for me to get some basic knowledge about Python. Course was very much student friendly and our guide teaches very well.
The main reason I completed this course enthusiastically is because of the professor. He engaged me very well and explained the content very deeply also.
Lovely and friendly instructor i have ever seen all in virtual or real life. amazing persons, who feels me that programming isn't a boring things at all!
I am the beginner of programming, feeling pleasing to have such a fun professor. And I found that python is interesting, and I will continue to learn it.
Its really a matter of joy for been a long time being a student of mr.Chuck. Learnt a lot a about Python Basics. Hope it will be helpful in the long run.
It's a very good course for anyone who wants to gain knowledge on python programming. The concepts are beautifully explained.Dr. Chuck, you are amazing!!
I learnt a lot from this.This gave me a wonderful grip on every word used in programming language.This course raised my interest in programming language.
The course instructor is fun to learn with. I enjoyed every single video while also grasping every single detail of subject matter.  Thank you very much!
This course is well instructed and the assignments flowed nicely from the online instruction. The soft skills of the instructor really resonated with me.
A fantastic course for people with no prior programming. All the concepts were explained  from scratch. Highly recommended for beginners. Best of luck :)
An absolutely wonderful course! I learned a lot about Python Basics. I think it is a must-take course for those who are interested in Python Programming.
This is a very interesting and fun to learn course. The instructor Prof. Chuck has done a great job in making the course a fun experience. Thank You All.
Excellent teacher with excellent knowledge in subject and teaching.Good professional approach,visited lots of places  siting at home with bonus videos :)
excellent instructor, and the material covered was good. I wish he gave an introduction about the packages and libraries and how to use/ import form them
I really did learn something new in this course. It is really great and I received the support from TA which is good. It's like a real-world class to me.
It's an elementary course for those who want to start learning python. It will give some confidence for the start as well as provide some useful insight.
This course is perfectly structured and the Mr Chuck is very good at explaining every bit of principle..I have to enroll to the next course!!!!See you!!!
It was easily understandable and explained so that anybody could learn python. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to learn the basics of python.
That's interesting! Thanks for your lectures.Sometimes, unluckily, the videos load slowly. Maybe, the reason is that I'm in China.To the shell, nice !!!!
what's excellent course , I have learned so much concept from this course i will apply it for growing my knowledge of python for proffesion and carrier .
I think this is like a fun game and anyone can easily understand the lectures. And moreover the python programming is simply like writing English scripts
one of the best teaching contents available here...In this course you will have a basic knowledge about python code..It is very helpfull and great course
Excellent quality education, really wonderful to have the option to supplement with the associated textbook, for those of us who are used to that format.
I think that the way this course is taught is how everything in programming should be taught: clear, with practical examples and a bit of sense of humor.
Great teaching materials,love the slower-paced lectures,really helps out with getting it all sorted out,also great forum support,real makes a difference.
Absolutely love dr. chuck, he is the best cs professor that I ever have!!!! Really hope that i can listen to your lecture personally:) Thank you so much!
Excellent course for Python learners. If you wanna learn programming intuitively, this is the course for you.Recommended for students and managers alike.
This is really an awesome course! Good for those who are learning to code for the first time as well as for those who are learning python as a language..
A great introductory course suitable for all those with no background in programming. Course is neatly organized and is challenging enough for beginners.
Excellent course!! I've learned a lot about programming in Python and I'm very excited to start a next course! Thanks to Dr. Chuck, excellent professor!!
Great course - for years I have wanted to learn python and now I have taken the time to get started. Very clear instruction by an experienced instructor.
Thanks to Dr.Chuck for taking us through a very good training experience in a non-system engineer's language. This gives me a new beginning in my career.
THIS COURSE WAS EXTREMELY HELPFUL FOR ME AND I HAVE LEARNT A LOT FROM THIS COURSE. I RECOMMEND THIS COURSE ANYBODY WHO IS A NEWBIE TO PYTHON PROGRAMMING.
It is easy to understand especially for students who have learned other programming language. Just I think the exercise is a little less than I expected.
This course was very helpful. It kept to the essentials without leaving out any important details. I would recommend it to anyone trying to learn Python!
It is a really excellant course for learners to have a basic understanding of python. Besides, its syllabus is really logic and the teacher is very good.
Its a good platform to learn python in coursera as it gives a great beginner knowledge of programming so that everybody can learn basics of python easily
Gave me an fantastic basics about Python Language by Charles Severance.Thank you proffesor. Learned a lot. Thank you Coursera and University of Michigan.
Like the way Dr.Chuck walks us through the course.  Neat explanation, mixed with a bit of humour here n there.  The extra videos are a nice addition too.
Great course.  In particular, I appreciated the start at high level and then moving into the vocabulary, sentences, and paragraphs of coding with Python.
Great professor, keeps things interesting and has really good working examples of problems if you don't know where you're going wrong with an assignment.
good stepping stones, even if you have python classes in your history, its good to go over the good habits again. (recommend instructor gets more coffee)
A good start for beginner of programming. The practice part is good and useful to think over the logic and grammars yourself. Would continue the learning
I absolutely loved the course. I enjoyed the lectures and learned a lot of new skills like , logical thinking , different approaches to problem solving .
Instructor is very cool. His teaching makes things easier. It is a very easy course for those who knows a little bit of programming. Must for a beginner.
Best of the best. Great instructor and materials. I finished all 4 classes of the series, which tells you how much I enjoy learning from this instructor.
Really good introduction to Programming and also complete introduction to Python. Content is shown with an easy-to-follow logic recommended for everyone.
It's really a introductory course. Had good learning experience.It would have been better if it is bit faster as compared to now. Just only suggestion :)
Great teacher. I really like how he shows you the process and how to think like the computer in order to solve the procedures. Feel it's a great starter!
Very good as an introductory class. I really Chuck's teaching style and his way of explaining helps a lot! Would for sure complete these 5-course series.
Very easy if you have a programming background, however, perfect for beginners. The course is well paced and introduces advanced concepts at a good pace.
Dr Chuck is by far one of the greatest lecturers I have ever met. Thanks to him, I had fun learning about Python and would recommend it to any beginner.
Dr. Charles Severence is a really fun loving guy. The beauty of this course is that he made programming feel less intimidating for new studentsThank you
Prof. Chuck is an amazing teacher, he made concepts so interesting and I've learnt lot in this course and I am hoping to continue this course. Thank You
A extraordinary approach to the Python language wich I personally can have accessed to in an easy, productive and friendly way and apply it immediately.
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) is a perfect course for beginners who want to start learning Python. Videos, quizzes were clear.
As a beginner I got good knowledge about python.This course help me to improve my knowledge about python.This is a best course for beginners.Thank you .
I have learned a lot from this course and thanks for a such a big effort from the team coursera and university of michigian for there tremendous effort.
Excellent course for the beginners and easy to understand. If someone is starting to learn python for the first time in this course he/she won't regret.
The course is a great start to Python. It is suitable for anyone who have no experience to coding. I spent the half day to finish it and so far so good.
This is best course to learn Python for beginners as Professor Severance was awesome in teaching and explaining programming concepts easy to understand.
It is an excellent course and must going course who has no idea of Programming. It has made me interested on programming.Love you Dr. Charles Severance.
The chapters are converted into small slides hence they are easy to digest/understand. Assignments are very similar to exercise questions. Great course!
Dr. Chuck has helped me in understanding programming. Python has given a robust approach through programming. I say this is my best start in this field.
It was the great learning experience with Dr. chuck i also thanks a lot to University of Michigan and to Coursera for this lovely opportunity, thank you
it's very course ..it's very easy to  understand.. i learned more about python  programming through this course .. thank you for giving this opportunity
This course is really wonderful for beginners. This course is suitable for all streams of engineers. I love and recommend this course for my colleagues.
Dr. Chuck breaks concepts to small chunks that hepl understanding better and efficiently!The tools provided are also very effective in learning process!
The assignments were easier for those who knew programming. But the knowledge about hardware's and the inspiration from the entrepreneurs was awesome...
I already had an experince in programming in Matlab, but I guess, if I didn't have it, I would still understand all topics clearly. Thank you very much!
I AM FEELING SO HAPPY  AND THIS PLATFORM HELPS ME TO GAIN CONFIDENCE IN ME AND MAKE ME TO PUSH FORWARD TO LEARN MANY COURSES LIKE THIS THANKYOU COURSERA
This is my first programming course. When I start this I don't know anything about python. But niw i can do something. This is a really excellent course
Thanks to all of you who helped me in completing this course.Seriously,this course content was amazing.I would like to tell my friends about this course
i have gained basic knowledge about Python. Course instructor's lectures were too good and easily understandable and encouraging.  Thank you Coursera...
That was really a great kickstart to the world of Python! Simple but powerful. Taught in the simplest way that makes anyone love coding :) Thanks a lot!
A great introduction to Python. I truly learned a lot as a beginner and enjoyed the course. Would highly recommend this course to my friends. Thank you.
Awesome classes sir!! Its true that even people with no programming knowledge can even understand without any problems. Looking forward to meet you sir!
I loved the course and how it is structured. The example provided is of great help relating to current problems. Thank you for having an awesome course.
The way it was taught was amazing, he made sure that all the concepts were made clear and the person learning the course has no doubt left in their mind
This course is pretty concise. Dr. Chuck ensures to keep the material informative as well as interesting! Best recommended course for python beginners!!
its really amazing course for beigners who lacking basics and no one can be better then Dr.chuck . stay bless stay happy sir your teaching style is kind
A very detailed and comprehensive course. Easy to understand and the concepts are explained beautifully. Helped me a lot gain basic knowledge in python.
Such a great teacher! He is enthusiastic, funny and very skilled at seeing things through beginners' lens. Super clear explanations makes learning easy.
Awesome course for beginner, as a fullstack java developer, It was a great pleasure to take this course, I has allow me to acquire the basics in python.
Great instructor and good content. Interviews with the creator of Python are great which usually I have not seen for other programming language courses.
Excellent course for any beginner. It shows the greatness of computer science, and hope this course helps in inspiring more people to learn programming.
Great introduction to basic programming concepts and the language of Python. You should take this course if you have absolutely no experience in coding.
It was a great course. It was challenging yet still fun. Discussion forums were helpful. I definitely need to go through the material a couple of times.
Very well done … appropriate if you have zero programming background or as a quick intro to Phython basics if you have some development under your belt.
This course has allowed me to understand the basics of Python with great curriculum planned out that is just nice to be learnt without being too taxing.
This course is a great primer for beginning Python programming.  I like having the examples, so I can refer to them later, when I start my own programs.
I think this course is pretty good for a programming beginner like me to follow and I cannot wait to learn the other courses inside this Specialization.
Really I can't find words to describe how much i learned from this course as a starter and really appreciate "Charles Severance" for his awesome effort.
I learned Python basics from Dr. Chuck,an awesome tech guy. .His teaching approach was wonderful and he make things as simple as possible.Thanks a lot!!
The content is clearly organized. Dr Chuck is certainly a nice instructor and staff for this course are helpful -- they reply in the forum very quickly!
Thanks for providing this python course online. Your teaching method is very well. And also services which you provides all are good, thank you so much.
This course is truly informative and inspiring. Thank you, Dr chuck. I will keep learning Python. And I hope other students will also enjoy this course.
Extremely well explained. A good enough introduction for not just the Python language but for programming itself which can be used by just about anyone.
This course was a good pace for people who are new to programming. I'm not quite new but it helped me to understand concepts that I was shaky on.Thanks!
Excellent introduction to the Python language.  Dr. Chuck does a wonderful job introducing new concepts and developing your skills to future application
fun learning the new programming language in such a great way,a huge thanks to sir for such a comfortable class ,making things easier to graspthank you!
Excellent course structure. I am privileged to be under the guidance of Professor Charles Severance. Looking forward to more such courses in the future!
Great intro. I recommend reading the book, listening to lectures and working all exercises at the end of the chapters to get the most out of the course.
This Course is a must for everyone who want to understand how python works and how to code. Charles Severance teaches in a very fun and imaginative way.
Great class, great teacher. Dr. Chuck made it quite easy to understand the difficult nature of Python for me, as someone who has never coded much before
very good course, went from knowing absolutely nothing to knowing a few useful things. i liked Chuck; the way he teaches as well as his sense of humour.
The instructor Chuck absolutely does a wonderful job and the structure of this course is well designed in helping me understand Python and use the tool.
Excellent course, excellent Professor. His knowledge on the subject matter, Python, are commendable. I truly enjoyed every minute of it. Thank you, Sir.
Best python learning experience anyone can ever get, thank you professor Charles Severance, you be the best teacher in the world and thank you coursera
I think this course is very useful for beginners ,who dont know any thing about programm . the faculty taught  in very simple and understandable manner
Solid course. Well-presented. Professor does an excellent job of making the content engaging, approachable, and relevant. Thanks for the bonus content!
Great introduction to python and programming itself. I have recommended this to many fellow students who had difficulty getting started in programming.
It's a great course to learn Python for beginner. I enjoy this course a lot. Charles Russell Severance is a great teacher. I enjoyed learning with him.
I'm so grateful to have been able to learn the basics of Python! This course teaches python in the easiest way possible. Thank you Dr.Charles and team!
It was a very interactive course and really helped to get started with programming. The course moved at an adequate pace that is expected by a beginner
As a Mechanical Engineer, this course helps to learn Python coding in the simplest way. Beautifully defined lectures, Study materials, and Assignments.
I have really feel stronger in programming right now,I would like to thanks Mr. Charles, he was funny, great and very helper.I appreciate your efforts.
Very Good Easy to understand and the teacher is good at teaching and the course materials are interesting and they are really excellent.Very very good.
I have obtained skills in thinking analytically how to program by structuring the valid pieces of code that generate the correct programming processes.
this class really helped me in understanding the python programming language, even though I come from people who don't understand programming languages
It was very detailed and easy lectures for beginner ,the tutor worked really hard not to scare away any student, which is the best quality of a teacher
A great introduction to Python and with Dr.Chuck, it is bound to be an amazing experience! I enjoyed thoroughly and looking forward to the next course!
the instructor taught the whole python programming very supper. he covered all the basics  clearly.so i can suggest every one to enroll in this course.
This course was very helpful and student-friendly as well.specially thanks to Dr.Chuck for extra videos and interviews with some inspirational persons.
I  have learned lot of stuff. And have clarify  some issues like try ,except,break.Which is very important for a programmer.This course helped me a lot
Many thanks for Charles Russell Severance, I consider him a brilliant teacher for Python ,and also many thanks for Coursera and strongly I recommend it
it was really amazing course! sir severance has tought us in nice way and i am damn sure that i will be better pearson after this coursethanks coursera
Very nicely explained with real life examples. Beginners should have no problem in learning this course even if you have never done programming before.
great for super basics. try x2 speed or x1.75 definitely helpful to 'run through' even with almost non-existent prior programming knowledge like myself
I really enjoyed this course.i learnt a lot than expected and it made justice to the title "programming for everybody".Thank you so much and i mean it.
It was really fun to learn python.  It is my first online course but sir 
Charles Severancemade it really fun and easy to learn.Thanking you coursera !
It was an absolutely great course for a beginner. I would highly recommend this course if you are new to programming. I thoroughly enjoyed this course.
This course helped me to clear my basic concepts and it is very interactive. Anybody with little or no knowledge of programming can attend this course.
Easy to learn and understand from someone who knew nothing about It! Prof. Severance is awesome and explains everything so well and makes it feel easy.
Great introductory course to programming and Python.  Ideas and concepts are clearly presented and each week builds on the previous.  Highly recommend!
Really instructive course and humerous professor! We could learn a lot about basic programming methods and idioms from vivid cases and interpretations.
Thank you Coursera.. Thank you University of Michigan..This course is really so perfect and I wouldn't find any better way to start learning python^__^
Excellent course for insights into beginners and learned ones (for a quick recap) alike.Presented in a concise manner is the biggest USP of this course
Great way to start a new programming language. it is having a great instructor and has deep knowledge about python and it is a very interactive course.
Very helpful in beginning to learn new programming concepts in python and getting to know various conditional and loop iterations techniques in python.
I´d say this is a very good teacher with a good knowledge about learning from scratch.  Really recommended to anyone starting from scratch with Python.
The course is very useful to me. The way of explaining the concepts was too good. Things were easy to understand and the site was also easy to operate.
Dr. Chuck is a very smart and funny teacher. It's easier for students to understand the acknowledge in his ways.  I would love to take his class again.
There is an excellent introduction to the python language, if you are interest in learning python language,  it will be the best option you can choose.
As a veterinarian specialized in small animal internal medicine, considering a career change, this course was not only informative but very motivating!
JUST TRY! I promise, you will be happy as me! Have fun!!! P.S: Thank you Dr.Chuk for this course! Also I'm thankful to Teaching Stuff!YOU ARE THE BEST!
Excellent course, I really enjoyed the professors teaching methods.  If I ever have the opportunity I would like to attend one of Chuck's office hours.
Charles Severance is outstanding! I love how humble he is as he brings newbies along to learn the basics. Great pace and great explanations.  Thank you
Excellent course. Very well done. This course is a great course for those new to Python. I look forward to taking the remaining courses in this series.
The course is amazing! I like the way the instructor delivers the content, it's so clear, detailed and vivid. It's also easy for a green-hand to grasp.
One of best courses available online for the basis of python. A person who doesn't even know any programming language can learn python with this course
The course was  quite good ,being the introduction to python and is addictive too .The instructor is also great which makes it feels more interactive .
It's a course explained very well in the very basic level. So it helps even to those who didn't have programming knowledge. Thanks a bunch to the staff
I have started programming in Python back in 2011.This course is one of the simplest courses that I have ever take in Python.Very good for beginners :)
Absolutely Named. Programming for every body. This course will remove any kind of fear about programming and makes learning fun. cheers to Dr Chuck. :)
This is Programming made easy. My journey into the world of programming was launched by this course. Thank you for putting courses like this out there.
Dr. Chuck is highly endearing. The pace feels appropriate for beginners. If you were intimidated by CS50 this is a much more reasonable place to start.
It is really great step-by-step tutorial which helps you to make first steps with python. Good samples, easy to get content, nice additional materials.
Great experience with the immediate reply from mentor in the forum. And I love the Professor Chuck very much, hope there will be a meeting-up in China!
Well developed, very clear and fast movement at the same time. Good exercises to practice. The method of teaching is encouraging and not boring at all.
4 stars for:If you are a complete beginner in Programming ,this is really a good point to start 1 star for : the presentation, out of the box knowledge
Love the humor and simplicity of this course! This course has inspired me and has given me the confidence I needed to travel down the programming road!
I loved it, i passed college with the stigma of thinking i was bad at coding but this made me think is just a matter of patience and willing to learn.
Amazing!! Dr. Charles teaches in an interesting way that leaves you wanting more and the course itself is designed not to leave you too full or empty.
You will feel welcomed by the course instructor and also the assignments are not so difficult (you have to pay attention to the details of your code).
I really liked the instructor and the quality of this course! I would definitely want to take different courses from him in the computer science field
instruction is too good i  handling python,which makes me learn more and and more,i personally thanking dr.Chunck for this excenlent class,and coursea
I really enjoyed learning basic of python during this course. Thank you. Very good and short lectures with concentrated info and good practical tasks.
Dr. chuk is a awosome instructer. i learned so many things in this course. specially basic of python. thank you so much for providing this oportunity.
Great course to start learning programming. Videos are really nice and assignments are easy enough not to be frustrated:) I can recommend this course!
This course helps me shape a basic concept of Python, and it is friendly for beginners! I will continue to finish the rest of courses of this program.
Thouroughly engaged throughout the course, the assessments made sure to test my progress. lectures are clear and brief. Online forums are informative.
It didn't help me as much because I'm a very experienced programmer but it was great for beginner programmers. I'm going to recommend it to my friends
Really good course. The way the professor teaches is amazing. Best professor ever. You will get a intro and learn the basics of python in this course.
The videos were very easy to understand and logical. The quizzes and assignments were all related to the topics that were taught in the video lectures
OMG amazing lectures by Charles Severance and I'm moving on to the next course right now. I'd like to thank the platform Coursera for the opportunity.
I learn basic concept of python and it's really important for beginner. It's really amazing online course and I sure it's give Good benefit in future.
Comprehensive and concise. Understandable even at 1.5x speeds and gives half of the basics one needs to know when entering the computer science field.
I particularly loved the way the Prof.Severance built up a concept, with great clarity and good examples. Thanks for removing the fear of programming!
This course is well structured and paced. Coming back to coding after over a decade but it felt seamless because of the teaching methodology followed.
Perfect course to get started with Python. The instructor is cool and he explains every single topic in detail. I would totally recommend this course.
Wonderful course providing sufficient guidance to everyone who would like to explore Python programming to advance career. Really appreciate the work!
This course is obviously for beginners. Being a beginner myself, I am glad to have taken this course. I believe I am ready to continue my development.
It's a very good course for anyone coming into programming with absolutely NO knowledge or prior experience. Dr Charles is fun and easy to learn from.
wonderful class! Easy to follow, and the exercise questions are really useful, they obsulotely help me apply everything I learned so far step by step.
This is the best python course for beginners, it will give you the basic knowledge about programming. Its exercises help to learn and remember things.
Excellent Course.Great Content.Prof. Charles Severance explained the concepts very clearly. looking forward to taking up more advanced python courses.
This was an excellent course. Being a novice in python, this course gave insight about the basics and helped me understand them with various examples.
The course is made so everyone can complete it. Also, it is very engaging and makes you want to learn more about programming. Great to get you started
Great for people with zero computing or programming background to learn about new way of thinking and approaching new solutions for real life problems
Great intro to Python! I came in with some very minor coding experience (not in Python), and it was very clearly laid out and enjoyable to go through.
I love the class  as I learned from it so much. Good Professor and efficient teaching skill help me get better understanding in Python and Programing.
Best online course offered by coursera.Mr chuck is a very nice person .He teaches everything from scrap of each topic .Thank you coursera and Mr chuck
A good start for beginner's in python coding. Dr.Charles has explained each and every session of the course very well which made us understand easily.
The Course was awesome Thanks for amazing Video contentI love to solve quiz as well as programming assignmentThank you so much to all Team of Coursera
This course is  really amazing. For a new programmer like me it worked superbly.The lecturer is very interactive and I thoroughly enjoyed my learning.
this training good to start from basic , it would be better if this session having simple file handling and DB connection tutorial and sample program.
Great Course! Dr. Chuck is easy to understand and does a great job explaining things so that even those with no programming experience can understand.
The course was awesome. The teacher is best explainer. I got the basics of python and now I will try to go deeper too. Thanks to Dr Charles Severance.
This course really useful for the beginners of the python program. Charles severance was good in explaining the concepts.  Thanks for the cousera team
Thank you for taking the time to make this course, so far it has been excellent, and the optional videos have been interesting and motivating as well.
Very easy to follow. Dr. Chuck explains knowledge well to the point and very understandable. Also its such an expectation to see a different mug every
The course is explained in detail and it is a great start for beginners. I highly recommend this course for people interested in pursuing programming.
Thank you Professor Severance so very much! This class is very helpful, especially  videos of interviews with outstanding people, very inspirational!!
Excellent introduction to Python. This course helped me understand the approach which should be adopted to start coding in Python. Thank you Coursera!
The teacher is humorous, friendly and gives a vivid description of Python programming knowledge. Besides, his voice and pronunciation is pretty clear.
thank you so much! it is my first time to try the programming and I could continue to learn it because you give a very easy understanding way to teach
Pretty fun to watch and dr. Severance made the course quite fun to take, learn a lot, thank you for that, i'm looking forward to take the next coourse
As the title says: it's for everybody. I took this course as a part of the specialization in python so the added value for me was the commands syntax.
Dr Chuck has a really great personality and is easy to listen to. The course requires a few jumps of knowledge, but generally is quite easy to follow.
Very good stimulating course for very novice beginners that gets them not only excited about Python but about computers and technology and a lot more.
This is really great course for learning a new language, I use SAS, and R a lot in the past, but I realize that a lot of companies has move to Python.
I love it. I've learned a lot from this course. The instructor explained very clear and slow. The quizzes were very helpful for learning and practice.
This was an excellent course with a wonderful teacher.There was fun and excitement.I gained a lot of knowledge through this course.Thank you everyone.
Good introduction in Thinking as a programmer and learning python. I will start the second course right away, because - yeah, it's just the first half
Detail explanations. This course is perfect for those who have never dealt with programming.Or for those who want to learn this language step by step.
Great class, I really enjoyed it. Thank you for taking the time to make such a good program for everyone to use. I cant wait to start the next course.
I really love this course! Its a great introduction course for those who have known nothing about programming! Its interesting and easy to understand!
not just helloWorld but What a wonderful world!Strongly recommend for anybody who wants to learn computer and programming.Just beyond my explanation~!
Really helpful, everybody can learn and Programming for for Everybody. Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan for this great learning oppoturnity.
The course is unique, unlike others which get boring after a while. The professor explains it well and the graded assignments are also very helpful!!
This course gave me the confidence to travel a long way through programming.This will be always helpful and inspiring course for beginners.Thank you.
The python classes taken by Charles sir is very interesting and fun to listen and learn.It helped me to have strong foundation in python programming.
The course is very helpful for a person who doesn't have basic python knowledge. The course starts from scratch where everything is taught in detail.
Excellent course. Very well structured. Assigments and exercises help in validating learnings. Thanks for preparing such an interest building course.
Very good course to understand basic of programming. Wonderful explanations with real life case. Charles Russell Severance sir is awesome teacher. :)
Lectures were very well done and easy to understand. I am a complete beginner in python and was still able to learn a computer language. Great class!
Wonderful beginner class for someone who never coded. Also, the assignment is challenging but not too though to push back students. Highly recommend.
Very intuitive and easy to access for complete beginners with no knowledge or background in computer science.  Wonderful and enthusiastic instructor.
I liked it, I didn't know anything about python, but in this course Dr Chuck explain very well, ergo, everyone that want to learn is will to get it .
I started learning python from 'zero'. Maybe, I am now in 'one' and I have to go to 'thousand'. I love the way, Charles has taken us. Very well done.
It was my first online class, and I really enjoyed it, because it  help me learn knowledge in fun way about internet and python. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
I am 14 years old, and I think this course (in my opinion) was a little bit hard for me or my age, but I kinda liked that it was a challenging course
A very interesting course taught in a very nice pace. You really don't need to have any knowledge to enroll but you will definitely end up learning .
Prof. Charles Russell Severance is the best, in this time of lockdown he really helped in getting to learn something new. Thank You, sir, from India.
This course taught me the essentials of Python in an extremely fun way and the assignments will help solidify the ideas and I thouroughly enjoyed it.
really awesome and helping specially if you don't have programming background.print(" if you are interested in programming, this course is for you ")
it was a great experience in this course and this course will help us to gain deep knowledge and even a new concept for beginners. Thank you Coursera
Nicely structured and defined content. Extremely east to follow the basics. Thank you so much! this was my first step into the door of Hall of python
well, I found this course amazing ....!! I have enjoyed each bit of this course .this course will be really helpful for the new learner of python ...
Great class but I had a lot of trouble on the last assignment.  I still do not understand why it did not work. I followed what was done in the class.
This was fun ! I learned a lot, and the way Mr. Charles taught was phenomenal. Each and every topic was explained perfectly without any complication.
Massive shout out to Professor Charles Severance at University of Michigan for making this course easy to understand. Best teacher you could ask for.
it's easily understandable and course assistant in the forum is really responsible. Thanks again for his help! And thanks a lot to Professor Charles!
Charles Severance did a fantastic job in teaching the basics of Python. I learned exactly what I needed to learn and look forward to the next course.
It was an awesome course.Thank you Dr chuck for understanding what is the problem faced by students and then designing the course.I love that course.
Great introduction to an area which is tricky for a person who's never programmed a day in his life. I very much enjoyed it. Challenged and rewarded.
Great Course. Had no prior programming knowledge and I feel that I have grasped the basic concepts based on how the course was structured and taught.
I think the programm is very inclusive and it achieve its objetive. The teacher is very good and makes the classes extremely enjoyable. Thank so much
Amazing course!! Just what I was looking in terms of not only learning Python specifically but also, it's ideal for someone new to programming itself
A great course with a very easy explanation. An excellent course for beginners. If you want to choose python, I consider, is the best place to start.
Liked it very much because the way the assignments are constructed obliged me to dig a little deeper into the pandas library functions and attributes
Very good introductory course for somebody who hasn't got ANY programming background experience. Help and support was quick when needed. Great course
Excellent course. I will recommend this course to my friends aspiring in python. Will continue with other python courses from University of Michigan.
This is by far the best course for python.Mr Chuck is just amazing in explaining the concepts and making them easier to understand Highly recommended
Dr Chuck delivery method is clear, humorous and fun. Learnt the basic of Python like a breeze. Will definitely look out for Dr Chuck's other courses.
It's a very good course for those who have zero programming experience. I wish this existed when I was 14 years old. I could have been a coder today!
Excellent course. Thoroughly enjoyable course material and assessments. I would recommend this course to anybody slightly curious about programming:)
- The course was very vary good and useful thank youThe assignments were easy, could you add more complicated ones or make them without initial code?
A very well structured course. Easy to understand even for the beginners. I like the way of teaching with examples. Worked examples are very helpful.
Thanks to our lovely and intelligent professor who made this platform and course more interesting and playful. on a lighter side i loved his tea mug.
Nice couse for people who want to start programming. I have been already familiar with coding and course was too easy for me. Thank you for your job!
Very clear, perfect for people with no experience at all! But it could have more content for people with some experience in other computer languages.
Thanks Chuck!Your work was increadibly useful, didactive and FUN :DLooking forward to see you in further videosPD: KEEP CALMEnjoy your tea and PYTHON
Thanks for professor's good lectures in this course. I really enjoy this course. And this course help me get much confidence in learning programming.
Wonderful
python entry level course, great course, great professor
Charles.Thanks all the people for the contribution to make this course
successful.
I am glad to take part in this course, it teaches me a lot of knowledge about python. please don't give up even it is a little hard at the beginning.
Course is awesome.  Course organization is awesome, i completed the course in just 7 days.Thanks to the whole staff and TAs of University of Michigan
The best programming teacher I have ever met, he makes many things which used to be hard for me seem to be interesting. I begin to be a python lover.
Great videos. Very entertaining, plus the explanations are in a very understandable way, everyone can connect to this, even a super beginner like me.
Very informative lectures from Dr Chuck. I would recommend this course to anyone that wants solid guidance from A-B on the road to python development
Going in detail and things are explained thoroughly, stuffed with fun :) . Yes, you will really understand what i have meant on taking this course :)
The instructor of this class is so good at explaining things in a way that the general people can understand without prior knowledge of programming.
THis was a new experience for me.first time joining and completing a course.The course is good .The coursera website is good and teaching is perfect
Very nicely explained. The course is as it states in description. I have no programming background, yet i found the course interesting and engaging.
It was really a great experience.I feel interesting while doing the course.It's a good start for begginers.Hope my college sessions were like this .
i am grateful to learn Python  from Sir Charles. To learn we need Motivation and this course gives a lot of motivation make it very easy understand.
An excellent course on the subject. All the essential fundamental aspects were covered.(The assignment problems should be made a bit more difficult)
THIS IS REALLY AMAZING COURSE . SIR CHARLES SEVERANCE EXPLAINATION IS SIMPLY SUPERB WHICH HELPED ME A LOT TO LEARN PYTHON PROGRAMMING . THANKS A LOT
Very suitable if you're starting from scratch! Great instructor and teaching staff! Also a big thank you for my colleagues who dont hesitate to help
The course was very easy to understand.The topics are explained in detail and assignments are related to the topics making it easy to complete them.
Dr. Chuck is so interesting. You can pass the course from 3  to 5 days even without programming knowledge. It's a good starting point for beginners.
Really, Sir Charles Severance way of teaching is very useful .I loved this course. And thanks to coursera  for providing such amazing course online.
Instructor is too good and so cool that anyone can easily gain things he is teaching.I like him very much and if possible ever I wanted to meet him.
It was a great course! The instructor taught in such a way that even an 8-year-old kid can learn Python! Very happy to have enrolled to this course!
Good move towards beginners for entering into the world of programming and python is indeed a great tool for practice and solve real-world programs.
It is very useful to us, reading paragraphs , videos,are very good, but in videos lecturer talk very speedy sir,I get lot of information, thanks sir
The course is 100% suitable for beginner level  people who have no experience in programming or a little of it. The content is given in a good rate.
It's a beneficial course for beginners. Also, I like the way this course begins with the history of computing and different components of computers.
The instructor is really great, He takes you bit by bit through python starting from installation till solving the most complex problem! I loved it!
Highly recommended course for beginners. Very good content, quizzes and assignments led by a very good instructor who explains clearly and friendly.
seriously i enjoying in learning this time. teaching style was superb. i miss sir and his python coffee.this course developed my programming skills.
Have no clue about what Python programming is? No problem! This course is the best first step to becoming an expert in Python. Thanks Prof. Charles!
This course is very easy to understand and a great first step into learning Python. The instructor gives examples that are extremely easy to follow.
I have loved the learning I have been able to do and look forward to taking many more classes with them.I enjoy my current experience with Coursera.
great! I have never finished any online courses, this course is great and it encourages me to explore the world of programming and computer science!
Excellent course!Fundamentals of programming and learning Python at the same time. The instructor is very good and nice (funny). Widely recommended!
Excellent introduction to key programming concepts. Python syntax is also explained in an accessible manner. Would recommend and will refer back to.
Vivid and easy to understand. Very suitable for Python beginners.There are many interviews to broaden our horizons. The teacher is very cute.(●'◡'●)
The best thing is you don't get bore even though if you are from programming background. Getting started course helped me to revise python concepts.
Very easy to follow for everyone, it's starter level but it's also ok for developers coming from another language to get familiar with python syntax
def Learn_programming(Python): Coursera = MychoiceProfessor = Charles Severancereturn ACCESS+ HIGH QUALITY EDUCATION+ GREAT OPPORTUNITIESI love it !
This is a great course.  SO glad it was recently updated for Python 3.  I really didn't want to start learning an old version of Python.  Thank you!
I strongly recommend this course for the beginning programming learners for Python as the coach was absolutely good and I love the way he teaching!!
this course is amazing and really get you to love programming and prove to you that everyone can learn programming thanks to the professor hard word
Very good starting point for those interested in learning about computers, programming.Lecture is very well paced and a lot of examples are helpful.
I enjoyed learning python very much. I am very excited about taking the next course  of this specialization Dr. Chuck teaching lectures are awesome!
Best course for beginners. I would love to learn more from Dr. Charles Severance. What a great professor! Thank you for the free book and materials.
Very fantastic class for zero-experienced students!Mr. Professor is very humorous, which makes the course even more interesting and easy to learn.:)
Considering that the goal of this course is just to getting you started with Python. My opinion is the course is really well organized and executed.
The professor is very good at making Python easy and fun to learn. It made learning very fun and it kept my motivation to complete assignments high.
Really nice course..and helpful to learn python. Thanks to Prof. Severence for being an outstanding teacher and thank you coursera for this course..
Its a very good course. The instructor is humorous and a very fine teacher. I recommend this course for people beginning to know python programming.
Good course, but a little bit easy for programmers who have experience in other programming languages.Better to add more challenging assignments. :)
I am very thankful for this class. I had been struggling to find a way to start learning programming and what language would be ideal to begin with.
This is a course with which I had a good deal of knowledge and thus paving me the way to the vast and enriching world of coding. I enjoyed it a lot!
Excellent course, the content is very good and the explanations are clear.Un curso excelente, buen contenido y buenas explicaciones.Muy recomendado.
There should be section for more challenging and difficult questions , so that we can improve our problem solving ability without breaking the flow.
A great course if your just starting out with python. If you already know a bit of python then this course might not fulfill all your requirements.
it was interesting course which explained in so easy way for me. thanks a lot i have much more interesting in programming on python. keep learning.
The course is really easy to be followed. It is really step by step guiding us on how to begin with Python. It is worth to enroll into this course.
This was the optimal course to begin a programming thinking! Understandable and the explanations give me a comprehensible way to develop my skills.
Fantastic course. Easy to understand, the Teaching Staff is very responsive, and the Professor is entertaining, engaging, and holds your attention.
It is a great opportunity to complete the course under coursera and university of Michigan.I am thinking to enroll other python programming course.
Overall it was so helpful for me as a beginner and I really enjoyed this course and further will be kept on my learning on your platform.Thank You.
Had great fun learning python with Dr.Chuck. I recommend this to all who want to start with python as a beginning step in programming. Thank you :)
Excellent course, as I am a beginner, I need help with Python. The University of Michigan helped me with the help of Dr. Chuck, a wonderful person.
It's a very beneficial course for beginar..I enjoyed the lectures very much.. I think this course will help me in future to learn more about python
Python very well explained by Dr Charles Severance with a systematic and student friendly approachThanks sir hoping to continue your lecture series
It’s great experience to learn the course, especially, the assignment. Hope to see more courses of python on different aspects/subjects. Thank you.
This course is well designed to be even understood by those who have no programming background. very interesting and illustrative at the same time.
Very clear, informative and for EVERYONE. I already knew the basics of coding and it seemed very slow. But it has great material, videos and tools.
This is the best course i have came across for beginners.If anyone wants to start learning the computer science programming i suggest go for it....
This course is mind blowing.Dr.Chuck,Thank you so much for such an amazing class.I haven't attended such a good course in my life.Thank you so much
Amazing Course! The side material is really helpful! The classes are clear and well structured and i loved the experience of programing as a whole!
Great course and Dr. Chuck does a good job explaining the concepts.  A great start for learning Python for a person who hasn't coded since college.
Dr Chuck is THE MAN -- with endless choice on the internet, make your life easier and stick with him, he's fun, funny, practical, and very helpful!
The class was very interactive. I liked the exercises after each chapter. I also liked the videos that showed how some of the exercise were solved.
i enjoyed learning python basics but if you give me full free aid for python  specialization will benefit to  me so please approve it as my request
Excellent course material from wonderful course instructor Dr.Chuck. I really enjoyed the course and looking forward to more courses from Dr.Chuck.
Introduction to Python and basic topic of Python language are explained nicely. Now looking forward to continue the same course for further topics.
A nice and intuitive course! I already knew some basic things about Python, but this class did help me a lot to improve. Thanks for all the effort!
The course is a really good tool to stat to learn phyton, because the examples and the quality of the explanation from the teacher is made to this.
The course is just sooooo PERFECT! I learned a lot from here and the class is indeed fascinating. Thank you for bringing such an attractive course!
Awesome Experience. This is first online course and it went Superb.Dr.Chuck's Explanation was easy to understand and meaningful.Thank you Coursera.
Basic concepts are cleared very much(teaching style is damn good ) there is no any movement where i feel bored because the instructor is AWESOME...
I have completed this course. The difficulty was easy. Anyone can take this course without having any prerequisite for getting started with python.
I really like the instructor. Also the teaching staff and mentor are super helpful as they helped me identify my mistakes and guide me on the path.
Dr. Chuck,I want to say thanks to you as your way of teaching always boosted me to NOT give-up in between and keep moving ahead. Thanks sooo Much!!
This course is excellent. The teacher explains everything thoroughly and anticipates the issues we will face as beginners. I can only recommend it!
Finally I learn the Python basics ¡¡, I had tried it on other occasions, and now with this profesor, Charles Severance, and the material, I did it.
I enjoyed this course thoroughly. Dr. Charles explains each topic very well and makes it really interesting.Thank you for introducing me to Python.
This is a very good introduction to Python. The instructor takes his time to explain all the necessary details for a beginner to learn programming.
Great course with clear and excellent instructor - feels very natural and personal, unlike any other instructors I've had before. Only good things!
A gentle start to programming for the uninitiated, but easy and straightforward enough for those more experienced to move ahead reasonably quickly.
Th first two weeks are a bit slow, afterwards this is a well paced course for beginners. Great lectures and the book complements the lectures well.
Really like the professor who has made this course so funny and easy to understand! I have learned a lot and will keep learning. Thank you so much!
This class was a great intro and helped me to start to get the hang of coding again.  It's been a while but I'm glad to be challenging myself again
It is very helpful for me to understand the basic information of python. I think it will help me study further on python. Thank you for all of you!
Best method to teach programming. I loved it!!!! You made me love programming...Thank you very much...please do continue your great work in future.
Great explanation and the best programming teacher I HAVE EVER SEEN! He really makes the boring programming for everybody! I will keep on learning!
Awesome course. Best introduction to Python you can take. Prof Chuck is great, he explained the basics of programming very easy understandable way.
I absolutely enjoy the teaching techniques employed by Dr Chuck. The best course I have taken on Coursera so far. I would recommend it to everyone.
Great intro course. Instructor is clear, concise, and has a great enthusiasm for the subject and it transfers through his lectures to the students.
Learning Python became an interesting, enjoyable and lovable thing for me with this course. Thank you Dr. Charles Severance and Coursera for this!
very well explaind, I have no baground in computers (BD in chemistry), but i found it very easy to understand and learn. definetlly a great choise
This is a helpful and a simple course to learn the basics of Python. I would like to show my sincere gratitude to Dr. Chuck for his great efforts.
I have enjoyed to learn Python ,this is my beginning to learn this language, this helps me a lot.Thank you Michigan University, thank you Coursera
Really amazing! The instructor was really determined to make the student understand the concepts and do the assignments to get the best out of it.
I am in love the teacher teaching way, it is very systematic and colors in codes is well used. Thank you to everyone who has a role in this course
the professor manages to get you engaged in learning, and to not give up when things don't work out,very informative and a fun learning experience
In my opinion, it is an amazing experience to learn python for me. I would like to thank Coursera and course instructor Charles Russell Severance.
It was so grate to learn python during this course! I will recommend it to all my friend who whant to become a programmer!! Thank you, COURSERA!!!
The course is excellent. I like the way instructor explains each and every concepts so clearly. Looking for further specialization courses. Cheers
I enjoyed learning this course. Thanks to Dr. Charles. His method of teaching is very different. He never wants student to lose his concentration.
instructor is very good.Thank you sir for explaining things crystal clear.course is very nicely arranged and assignments are of very good quality.
amazing course and very easy to follow the instructor. He breaks down the technicality of coding into relating it to everyday processes humans do.
Enjoyed the course programming for everybody..Gained too much knowledge..Teaching faculty was very nice..Everyone should go for Coursera courses..
Thank you so much for this course, Special Thanks to Dr. Charles Sir for making this course so interactive and learnable. It is so  much enjoyable
It was a great course to learn python . Dr Chuck make the course very easy in his teaching style . So anyone can enjoy the course while learning .
The language Python which is such a powerful tool in science and technology, is taught in such lucid manner.Dr.Severance is doing a wonderful job!
Very helpful. the auto-grading tool needs to be adjusted for the chapter 5 question. Also the chapter 5 question is worded in a very confusing way
The course is very comprehensible, as a beginner, it leads me to understand better the programming field and motivates me more in learning python.
This course is very effective for new learner and the course structure is impressive. Assignments and quiz help me a lot to lookup my progression.
It's very suitable for introductory courses. It teaches real skills in such a relaxed way which help me overcome the fear of computer programming.
Great course for beginners, I found it east to follow and understand. Great use of examples and worked out exercises to imprint syntax in my head.
Really adorable instructor! This is the first course I ever take on Coursera, and I really enjoy the learning experience here. Btw, I love Python!
This is a very easy to follow introduction to programming. The book and the lectures complement each well. The assignments are easy to understand.
Great course for a basic understanding of how computers and Python work. Looking forward to going deeper inside programming thanks to Dr. Chuck :)
I think the course provided basic principles in python language in a simple but clear way which allowed us to start learning it in a confident way
I loved the way the course is taught.Anybody can learn including those who do not belong to coding background.I hope i have crossed beginner level
Interesting! It's very easy to understand. I really appreciate  the instructor,Dr. Chuck, for everything in his efforts. It really helps me a lot.
Very useful to take as first steps in Python or even in Programming at all. Very didactic and enjoyable. Amazing effort by University of Michigan.
Really like the way the mechanics of how python reads thru code was explained.  Helped me get thru some if and elif statements.  Great instructor.
The course is best if you are new to program. Basics of python from very start are taught and the the instructor (Dr. Charles Severance) is great.
Exceptionally great course. The way of making students understand is awesome.The assignments given are very helpful in recalling all the concepts.
I loved the videos. This training was actually better than some of my master's classes in terms of how it was set up to help anyone learn. Thanks!
Very useful and informative... I personally love it and recommend it. It was really fun and good to learn.Python must be learned in my opinion. :)
The tool for Python Playground would not register as completed for an audited course. Otherwise, instructive and easy for beginners to understand.
One of the best professors I've ever had. Professor Serverance made everything extremely easy to understand. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
It is a great course! If you want to learn basic knowledge about Python, this course must be your first choice.And I appreciate Mr.Charles so much
A good course for someone who is new to programming. Explains the basic concepts very well.Someone familiar with programming can skip this course.
Very Clear explanations, very good class suport like drawings and schematics.Very good teaching with fluid speach and explanations.Congratulations
I thought this course was very helpful and easy to follow along with. May help if there are practices to be doing while the professor is teaching.
Suitable for beginner programmers. Topics are clearly explained and broken down into digestible bits. Engaging lectures and helpful community TAs.
Very nicely step by step no hurry course. I am an experienced developer but I still watched the complete videos just because I was enjoying them !
This course is truly comprehensive and was explained/taught by Sir Charles in a way that digs deep into the rationale of how a certain code works.
Verry good course, i want to complete all of them and try to help going up the use and implementation of this language in the world and bussiness.
This Course is amazing!I love the way the tutor show us how to start coding with Python!This is a very useful course and I'll take the next course
Great introductory course to Python. Even though I have been dabbling in coding for a while, it helped me fill some gaps in my self-taught skills.
Very easy course if you already have programming experience. Good way to brush up your python skills, but might be too slow for advanced learners.
The examples given are helpful with the explanations. Also, the resources provided for this course were sufficient for the purpose of this course.
Very useful course for those starting with any programming language - the content was well prepared and explained explicitly. I highly recommend!
This course is very practical and good for beginners in Python, it explains the basics with ease and the test is a way to reinforce the concepts.
I am very happy with Coursera. Coursera proved instrumental in arming me with the knowledge I need to truly understand core concepts in my field.
This is a the best introductory course i have taken on Python and programming in general.Thank you Dr Chuck for your breathtaking teaching style.
really this course is very useful......this is my 1st course in coursera....ill enroll continuesly...in coursera...tnx for this wondrefull classs
This was the first course in a computer language that I enjoyed and looked forward to the lessons. I plan to take the next course in this series.
I had never done coding in my life. For me it was useful. I learnt something new. Will surely go for next courses related to this course. Thanks.
This course was designed wery well for a beginner. I loved the way each and every concept was taught. Looking forward to the next one. Thank you.
Great course! Really enjoyed the assignments throughout and the opportunity to practice the concepts that were taught. Looking forward to part 2!
Brilliant, just brilliant.I literally knew nothing and had me sctratching my head for hours nonstop, but somehow managed to make me feel capable.
This python course is very helpful for basic knowledge and there are lots of quizzes questions every week also I am solving assignment questions.
Best for a person who is just starting to learn python for the first time .It's best for basics which will help to get in core python programming
Mr. Charles Russell Severance is an amazing teacher to learn about programming.Programming for everybody with him is a "Motivation for Everybody"
Meticulous structuring of the course helped me to get the most of it. This course made Python look very easy. Looking forward to the next course.
The professor and teaching faculty are really good and helpful. The course is really good and interesting and gives a good introduction to python
Great programming course that i've done so far.. . Really loved the way Mr.Severance taught. His sense of humour made the course more intresting.
Great experience for me as an Mechanical engineer it is Dr. Chuck's magic to make my interest in it and also to make think like computer engineer
It's really helped me a lot to build up my programming skills and also my confidence level thank you soo much to the professor(charles severance)
The way Dr. Chuck taught was really admirable .He made the concepts seem really easy! His way of teaching is very enjoyable and far from boring!!
This course is highly recommended for beginners to programming in python language and logic building in sequential and conditional flow in coding
He is really a nice teacher. He made the programming fun. I never liked to code programs but now i love to because of Dr. Charles. Thank you Sir.
The instructor is very student-friendly, and the course is very flexible. It is a must-do course for all people who are planning to learn python.
Really liked the course. It started from the basics and kept me engaged throughout the course. Will 100% recommend this course for the beginners.
The teacher who teaches me is very good. He clears all the doubts that arise in my mind. thank you, Coursera to give me this type of opportunity.
Mr. Chunck is so interesting and patient! This course is perfect for beginners. Very easy to learn and gives you a great sense of accomplishment!
it deserves a review.I love you, sir, you are really good in every way.I mostly back off if teachers are boring, but you are perfect in every way
I recommend this course to anyone who wants to start from scratch as Dr.chuck understands where we make mistakes and explains in a wonderful way.
A very good course to start your programming skills with python. It really helps in understanding how computer work, think and manage it's stuff.
Excellent explanation of the programming basis, also a good introduction to python i learn how toy program in python the basic things, thank you.
The course clearly takes in account people who are beginners in the programming field. It helps them to develop the strong foundation for Python.
Charles Severance is a great teacher. You can easily notice how much he enjoys to teach this subject. The course is clear and very well designed.
Awesome course for learning python and Charles Severson is the best professor! I love how he structured the course and makes it very interesting.
Everyone involved with this course compilation should be praised. Great material, great teacher, easy to understand, powerful application. Thanks
Superb Teaching and we poor people are grateful towards you for making us avail this oppurrtunity . thank you very much coursera team , well done
Good experience for a programming beginner, really easy to understand and a lot of good exercises to make you start to do simple program quickly.
Great course! The lectures are very nderstandable and the assignments are really helpful to check your own level. I highly recommend this course.
Good course for somebody who is trying to start programming. I specially liked the bonus videos. It's always good to hear the stories of success.
This course is a good way to start with python. And when you get in troubles during the assignments teachers always help you to find the solution
I thought the course was appropriate for beginners for any kind of coding, not just Python. Chuck covers equally well syntax, logic and patterns.
Great way of teaching and all possible questions answered. Thanks a lot for making this course so interactive and fun to learn.Regards,Madhusudan
I loved it, it is very simple and straight forward. Great for us that had not done much programming in the past or it was a long time ago.Thanks.
First time programmer. Dr. Chuck is amazing. I had this visceral and life long fear of programming, Dr. Chuck helped me overcome it. Blessings :)
Very well taught course, great for beginners.  Dr. Chuck has a knack for keeping the student interested.Looking forward to my next Python course!
The course isdesigned in its best possible way that anyone who are interested in programming but arenot getting proper guidance can get help here
This is a very good course to get you the very basics of the Python language. This is very useful before going deeper in the programming language
Great course, especially for PyNewbies. Fundamentals are provided in funny and interesting manner. Easy to understand and follow.Highly recommend
The combination of the PDF textbook, great professor vids, and labs really helped. The only thing I would add would be video reviews of the labs.
I really liked the way prof chuck explains and really encouraging to learn coding with all those end sessions with people and office hours vedios
The course was concise and informative. The code walkthroughs by Dr.Chuck was excellent. Looking forward to completing the remaining courses. Tha
I did that course as my last in order to complete the specialization and i must say this is the best course for beginners i have ever encountered
Loved the explanations and pace of the course - challenging for a complete newbie but do-able. I found having a hard copy of the book was useful.
Easy, and slow paced. Took an average python user just two hours to complete the assignments. Recommended for anyone not versed in the dark arts.
Excellent course for beginners. Well taught with great build up programming. Looking forward to completing all the courses in the specialization.
Great location to start learning about Python. Dr. Chuck is great teacher. I enjoyed learning and gain good Python foundation for future courses.
I like this course much. I like computer programming and I want to learn more about it. The teacher and the course can help me achieve my goal :)
Great introduction to Python! I enjoy learning from Chuck, some of his remarks definitely made me chuckle...haha. I'm very excited to learn more!
Excellent professor who clearly states the objectives and how to accomplish them accompanied by notes and videos to help students learn material.
Fun and entertaining yet also informative course. Easy to follow yet gives basic understanding of python which is useful in all aspects in life.
I have to say that I enjoyed this course. Though I still have a long way to go, the course materials and exercises helped me grasp the concepts.
A very detailed course for python programming beginner. It teaches everything in detail and makes you self sufficient to write your own program.
DR. C.S. is an amazing faculty for teaching python from scratch and setting lift to wings. Thanks a lot professor. Love From IIT Delhi and INDIA
The professor Dr Chuck explanation is  too good and the person who don't even know the basic programming can also learn the program very easily.
Really doing great work of  spreading knowledge to overall world by very experienced respected teachers. thank you all teachers. lots of love.<3
Just loved the instructor! He made it so easy for beginners like me. Thanks a lot! Getting into the specialization now! I'm definitely thrilled.
Course content and the way Dr.Charles Severance deliver the sessions are easy to understand and informative. Thank you all for the great course.
The speaker Mr Charles Severance  is the best programming teacher I've ever had. The course is very easy to understand it's really for everybody
this python course is great I really liked the way in which this course is disseminated it is simple easy and very clear also it is rich in tips
This course is one of the best to introduce programing to people, it shows you the concepts and how do they apply in python not just how to code
The plan of course is very interesting. i enjoyed much to join such a course it will be very helpful for our further study. thank you Dr. Chuck.
Already had a small base knowledge in ruby, but no python experience. Learned the basics of syntax in python with ease thanks to the instruction
it was so helpful in building my strong fundamentals in python. This gave a rough idea based on which we can practise and make ourselves perfect
Outstanding introduction to Python language.  Prof Severance is excellent in using this online medium in teaching the basics of Python language.
It was really great learning python.The tilte python for everybody really justified.I was a beginner in coding.Python is really so fun to learn.
Good understanding. The concepts that we're taught in this channel are in depth and it'll be useful in future applications or doing any projects
Great course for beginners, with a little bit of challenge as well. You will learn basic like variable types, user input, functions and loops...
It was such an informative course. I really enjoyed the course. I was able to catch with the instructor. This course was perfect in every sense.
High quality and very interesting! However, if the course can provide more exercise, the skills learned in the video will be reinforced. Thanks!
It's really a good course for the beginners.the teacher is so informative and makes things so interesting ..you could really enjoy learning here
Guys join this course it has a great opportunity to build a basic building of python it can be help to established a great deal with programming
Very nice course to get started with Python 3. Enjoyed it, going for the next Course. Thanks to Dr. Charles Russel Severance, excellent classes.
Programming for everybody is one of the good platform for  begginers and also most understanding your chapters and good explanation. Thank Youuu
Thank you,Very good introduction to basic programming,Every module is very clear and easy to understand.Its a good starting point for beginners.
Professor Charles Severance seamlessly combines learning Python syntax and coding to provide one of the best courses I have ever subscribed for.
Very Good course it is absoloutely for beginners who have zero knowldege about computers and any other programming language and is veruy hepfull
I love this course.The instructor was really nice and the way he teaching us is almost outstanding.Thanks coursera for this amazing opportunity.
Just Amazing, the way Prof. Charles leads through the course this far is just incredible and fabulous.Loved It, Absolutely Loved it.Thanks Prof.
It is a perfect course for newbies in programming. It has been designed in such a way that everyone can understand it and can start programming.
Quite easy to learn, basic knowledge for Python, friendly for completely new learner of programming,prof is quite humorous, interesting lecture.
Close your eyes and click on the enroll option. Trust me, the content and the teaching is  at the best level available on the internet platform.
Loved the professor's hands on pointing and marking up of code flow. That single-handedly made me continue this course. Looking forward to more!
very useful course...and the small videos by sir at the end of the week are awesome and helps u gain knowledge other than curriculum but related
Great course ! im an absolutely zero in python but could move forward following the course, the instructor teach very clearly and easy to follow
The teaching was very good, even the person who is not having any background in programming can easily learn, if this type of teaching is there.
As a newcomer you can learn much about the terminology which will lead to you knowing what questions to ask. I recommend taking all the courses.
Such a good, basic overview. The last assignment was really challenging for me, but some perseverance and the discussion forums really paid off.
The course was well understood and easy to follow. It gives passion to keep continue on learning more to know about python programming language.
It was a pretty fun course. The last assignment was difficult. If anybody wants to learn python online then I will highly recommend this course.
extremely useful for a Python starter! the after-class exercise is great. I wish if there will be more on-hand practice to become more skillful.
Amazing course for beginners. Great explanation of all the basic rules for python programming. Highly recommended for anyone new to programming.
This course has been a simple one , was a brief introduction to the language also one must not skip if new to coursera or Ofcourse programming .
Python is interesting. I had programmed in Lisp (for autocad) before and it kind of reminds me of it.  I love the course. I highly recommend it.
It's clean structure makes it easy to understand and have a steady progress.Highly recommended. It will feed your brain cells some good puzzles.
Great initiation course for all of us who want to get into this new programming language.Amazing, fun and well built, with a good learning-curve
The course is designed in a very simplistic manner to facilitate easeof learning. Really useful for a person who has never ever done programming
it's Awesome, it's clear each and every topic with good explanations and assignments and all that quizzes.I enjoyed a lot and learn many things.
People who have no experience with programming can get started with this course.  Professor takes you to the basics and his demos are awesome!!!
Great course for people who never had prior contact with programming. It helped me preparing for my Master's Degree classes in just a few weeks.
Very good approach in teaching the students as well as giving basic notions to how your mind have to work if you want to understand programming.
Excellent introduction to Python! And the classes are very dynamic. Maybe some videos could be better recorded but you can understand everything
Excellent introduction to Python, well explained, helpful skill-building assignments and very good learning environment. Fantastic book! Thanks.
Great course. the teacher makes python really easy to understand and also speaks in a way that is easy for foreign people to understand as well.
Wonderful course, the professor is teaching in a good manner and clarifies every single detail. The curse is entertaining and useful. Thank you!
This is very good course and It helped me a lot to enhance my basic knowledge in PYTHON.I would like to take few more courses from UM on Python.
Dr. Chuck really starts from the basics, and teach the fundamental of programming. Also really interesting material, motivate students to learn.
Dr. Charles Severance is an awesome online teacher.Learning Python this way is easy and fun and the same time.Thank you so much for this course.
I have really enjoyed this course because of interesting teacher Dr.Chung .I have learnt python though i am a textile engineer.Thanks Coursera.
This is an amazing course for the beginners of python. The way professor charles explained things makes it's easier to understand the concepts.
The instructor is really easy to understand, and when u are working on your assignment, you could turn to Discussion which really helped a lot.
Thank you coursera for providing such a beautiful courses.i learned a lot from coursera. once again thank you coursera for wonderful opertunity
Was Good course especially for beginners. Charles sir were very well paced in their teaching speed and were very elaborative in teaching style.
It was my baby step in the world of Python. Learnt a lot from the Professor. Loved his teaching techniques. Going to start the 2nd course soon.
Videos, assignment and extra stuff were all great. I will recommend it to everyone. I wish you success in your work. Thank you for everythings.
It is a good option to start learning Phyton, professor Charles explains so well all the topics and he made the course funny with little jokes.
I really enjoyed doing this, it's been many years since I did any programming, and the course structure and detail were just about right for me
All credit goes to the course instructor. He is an excellent teacher. If all my teachers were like him, I would have done better in my classes.
First i thought it would be difficult.But the teacher and teaching way was awesome.I love python.And i like the teaching skills of the teacher.
great course for absolute beginners! Charles is a great instructor. 5 stars to that man. thankyou coursera and thankyou university of Michigan.
Excellent course! Love the way how Dr. Chuck explained the  basic concepts of Python. It is really encouraging and good programming experience.
This course is very helpful to gain the basic knowledge of programming.This also clearly gives the basic syntax in python which is very useful.
Was quite interesting and motivating to learn as this course was actually making me run few programs and check how they worked.Great learning .
Best thing is that it's free and gained a lot of knowledge by a great teacher, the course never thought to be boring in any part of the course.
Course was developed in a very amazing way that if you don't know about coding earlier then also you can easily grasp & understand this course.
It was great and wonderful time with Dr. Chuck...I am really glad to be instructed by him.Thank you Dr. Chuck for such full of energy lectures.
One of the greatest course to the programming beginners. the way of teaching is awesome even a beginner can also understand concept thoroughly.
The course is really up to the point. The course instructor is really very good. It was a very nice experience while going through this course.
Thiscourse was a great opportunity to learn python in a very interactive way i would highly recommend this course to all my near and dear ones.
Anyone who is new to programming language i.e Python must go with this course as it set up your foundation for intermediate and advance course.
Professor is good and teaching is also excellent. I understood all the course content and can apply them now without any much of referring them
very easy to learn and follow through. the lecturer is great and good at explaining stuffs to the students, recommended for a newbie like me :3
This is my first course on courser and this is very interactive as well as informative for me. Instructor is very good and teaches effectively.
I learned Basics Python Programming very clearly and Dr.Chuck define these things very clearly and so Thank you very much for coursera team...!
The classes were well organised. Every part discussed so far were detailed. Things to take care while programming is also mentioned (cautions).
Python is awesome! Charles is awesome! I am glad that I took this course and it gives me the confidence and strength to keep going on the road!
An interesting course that was pleasant and easy to learn. A very special thanks to Dr. Severance who made this course an enjoyable experience.
Enjoyed every second of the experience, ,from watching the professor explaining the concepts to the solving of assignments. Highly recommended.
Absolutely a great course. The way this course help me to understand python basics and write program was great. Dr Chuck is a great instructor.
Thank you to everyone who contributed to preparing this great platform for learning
The course was full of new experiences and high performance
Quite beginner friendly and fun. Would recommend this course to anyone looking to start to learn python or any programming language.Great Work!
thanks coursesera for providing such good online courses ,now i am able to write   programming codes in python. thanks and appreciate your work
This course is very interesting for everyone. Explanation was quite easy and assignments were also good. Thanks coursera for superb experience.
very nice course to let me take the first step to know python,thanks our teacher for teaching patiently ,i cannot wait to take the next course.
I will highly recommend this course to anyone who is either getting started in programming or in Python. This course is really for EVERYBODY ;)
Great intro. Though there was no interaction via video w/Dr. Chuck, his lectures were engaging and motivated to continue on to the next course.
This is an absolutely fabulous course for a person with no background in coding whatsoever.Thank you so much for making this course available!!
Very good pace for non-programmers to learn coding with python. The materials was easy to follow and the professor was very clear. Recommended!
This course is perfect for beginners in programming. The explanation of every concept is too apt to be adapted and understood by the beginners.
Very Helpful For beginners...prof.Charles Severance is Master of Python and teaching is very good.all thanks to coursera to provide this course
Extremely nice course! The instructor introduces the course so smoothly! Before you even realise, you'll be done with the course! Simply superb
Excellent online program to learn Python. Crystal Clear Explanation and assignment in each chapter to strengthened student's conceptual theory.
Mr, Charles Severance made it very clear for beginner about the fundamental of Python. Thank you for what you have done. That's really helpful.
It is a great course for beginners to programming. Professor Severance is excellent teacher. Thanks to him. I will continue by further courses.
Great introductory course!  It was easy to follow and the problems were just challenging enough to make me stop and puzzle over them for a bit.
Great! This was my first steps in programming and I liked it! Charles is a great and charismatic lecturer, it is a pleasure to listen to him :)
Great course that will provide you with the basics of python language. I also recommend this course for those who have never programmed before.
Excellent professor- such a fun guy. He presents the information in a simple, easy- to-understand, and logical order that I really appreciated.
Course provided a good basis for the specialization.  As I am working through the Data Structures course I can see how this course prepared me.
Superb lecturer. Has a very pedagogical approach to teaching, is very funny, and is able to teach relatively complex issues in a simple manner.
Excellent for someone who has never programmed beforeNot very useful for someone familiar with programming, unless he wanted to learn Python...
After doing the first course, which was a basic presentation of Python, this one is really complete and essential to understand Python language
Great Course!. Dr. Charles teaching methods is very effective. He is fun as well as doing Hands-on interactive teaching. And he sounds cool :-)
This is a terrific course, and Dr. Chuck makes Python truly approachable for everyone. I can't wait to use my new knowledge in the GIS context!
I'm glad I ran into this course. It turns out programming is not so difficult. It is quite understandable. At least so far. Thak you for course
A great interactive learning experience.Prof. Severance makes learning Python engaging and fun as he breaks it down for everyone to understand.
I feel good! It was my first step to be a programmer! This course was step by step and it cause to learn more and spend more time for learning!
As a noob in the field of programming I started this course. The learning curve was just right and Charles Severance explains it all very well!
excellent way to present the material and not assume that the student already knows anything. If you are a beginner this is the course for you!
An excellent course being taught in detail from basics. Study materials mentioned helped a lot. Thanks to coursera for introducing this course.
One of the best courses in python programming ...I've completed this course in 3 days,Thanks to Dr Chuck and all people who made this possible.
Amazing course, which is highly accessible and informative! It is the must if you want to get acquainted with the basics of Python programming.
It's a great, well documented course for a beginner. It was a good idea to split the previous huge python course to an easier acceptable parts.
The teacher is fantastic: the lectures are clear and the materials very interesting. If you like topic you will enjoy it. Highly recommendable!
If you know at least one programming language, this course will blow your mind. Professor Chuck is one of a kind. Loved the course curriculum.
Very useful course to learn logical think and create basic programs in python. Videos are understandable, good examples, and great instructor.
What a great introductory course! All the concepts are explained really well and I feel confident in my abilities to continue learning Python.
It was very helpful course. Especially as a beginner, to python found it very informative and easy to understand. The instructor was very fun.
This course is very helpful to me.Thank you for the deep explanation of the python language, so it's easy to understand in the human language.
This is a brilliant course and very very very informativeEveryone should enroll and start this courseI personally loved itHope that you do too
This is a great class for getting the basics of python. I took this class as a refresher and I came out with a better understanding of python.
This is an excellent class. I feel very satisfied with what I learnt and I think I can easily apply my new knowledge in the future. Thank you.
A highly recommendable course on introduction to Python language by Dr. Chuck. It was a fun to learn course and a very well structured course.
Good to see Dr. Chuck looking forward to complete other courses and other courses from Dr. Chuck. Even the platform is promising for learners.
Python basics have been explained so well!Made it so much fun with the relatable examples!Got a good amount of practice on the basics as well.
Excellent course and instructor. A must-try for undergraduate or graduate students from any background. Loved it Thoroughly. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
The course as well as the instructor were very nice. This course helped me to learn the basics of python easily. I'm thankful for this course.
this is my first online course that i completed.its really amazing and interesting for me.and,the course advisor is really awsome to teaching.
Its been great learning this course helped a lot to explore .Sir Charles Serverence was really awesome ,his way of teaching was preety good!!!
You 'll learn to think like a programmer while doing assignments. It's a great start for me and hopefully, I can continue this specialization.
This course could have been a bit shorter by deducting the videos of office tours and reviews. Course outline was good. learnt many new things
Just loved the course it was really awesome ........ and the mentor Dr. Chuck he was also incredible liked the way he taught me in this course
I have learned a lot in this course as a mid-beginner. I hope to achieve more because of this course as I take more and harder python courses.
Good Learning Experience.The course is designed according to our convenience.Thank you sir.Looking forward to learn more and enjoy programming
It Was  A great introduction to python programming language , just for beginner learners the instructor was extremely friendly and creative <3
The course provides a different angle from the programming perspective,  while the coding exercise makes it more understandable as a beginner.
Great beginner course to coding in python, instructions are clear and going back to the videos helps solving the last assignment of the course
Dr.Chuck is one of the best instructors I had got the opportunity to study under. Hope to continue this affiliation in the future. Thank You !
It was really great to study python. Those notes are really helpful. Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity to learn python from you
Good course for beginners, even for programmers that have some experience like me, is a good way to understand and review some basic concepts.
Professor Charles Severance is the best programming instructor I have seen. All concepts are explained crystal clear. Thanks a lot, professor.
The hardest part for me was the last task, create a list with the input of an user not using the apend word. Very nice course I learned a lot.
I am very pleased with this course, the instructor makes programming very easy to understand. would highly recommend it if you are a beginner!
The presentation of the lecturer is so good that, even students without any computer science or programming language basis would understand it
Good intro class. A bit too much fluff if you have programming experience, but totally get why this is good for a complete programming newbie.
This course clears my basic in Python and helped me soo much in creating my interest in the language for even learning the things more deeper.
Great! Super easy and intuitive to understand.  Lots of bonus materials for easy set-up and extra learning.  Highly recommended for beginners.
The content of this course is really  the bestsir Charles Severance your dedication towards teaching is great thanks you sir Charles Severance
Great starting course for verified learners. Even as an intermediate programmer, I found a few things that I would have overlooked in my code.
Great course and fantastic lectures by Dr.Charles Severance - Clinical Associate Professor
in the University of Michigan School of
Information
Great course from Pro.Chuck! Thanks for the interaction and guidance for you!I will review the course for another time to enhance my learning.
I love this course a lot, thank you very much for explaining the content in layman's terms.This will help me a lot in future, thank you again.
nice idea of empowering knowledge to different parts of the world for free and this course1 is more informative on python for a python learner
Thorough and engaging introduction to Python and computational thinking. I look forward to leveraging the fundamental I learnt in this course.
Newbie-friendly format is great for beginners, and the class allows more advanced students to skip ahead quickly.  Truly Python for everybody.
It has very engaging set of videos and exercises to slip in the concepts. I really enjoyed how the course built up and is improving my skills.
I enjoyed this course. I have no prior experience with high level language and i recommend this course for beginners who want to learn Python.
this is really a great work from the instructor. he doing very well in the lectures. hope that i would learn a lot from the remaining courses.
very great at teaching the python, it can let the fresh man really interested in python. And the professor is also very humor and intelligent.
Basic We need for Python is all in this course and moreover the material is sufficient to make a start and good understanding of python.Thanks
A good way to decide if you want to actually learn long term. I recommend having a python compiler on at all times when watching the lectures.
Professor Charles Severance  is the BEST. He teaches the course with humor, passion, and clarity that makes programming seems easy. I LOVE IT.
Really great instruction...this is the course if you are new to programming. I completely understood the foundation of programming and python.
Excellent course in basic programming, just what I needed. The teacher, Charles, is great. I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn python.
Basic knowledge and syntax of Pythonvery fun and easy to understand for everyone.Hope to further learn about data analysis in the next course.
A great course for getting your basics right. The course is a bit slow for people who are already into programming but the Professor is great.
Good course, a student can catch all necessary skills within the short period of time, thank the awesome professor and the brilliant textbook.
Great way to start programming in python.  Dr. Chuck is easy to follow and understand, and really helps break things down to relatable levels.
Wonderful course, wonderful way to introduce Python.Thank you. I am introducing and recommending the course and the platform everywhere I can.
Had a wonderful experience learning about the basics of Python in the most engaging and fun manner possible. Thank you Coursera and Dr. Chuck.
I have seen many other self-learning courses/website. this course is really amazing. Professor taught in an interesting way and easy to learn.
Good introduction to python programming, very good explanations even in step by step detail level. A big thank you to Dr. Chuck and Coursera !
This course is exceptional that comes with quality lecture materials as well as easy and understandable explanation for all level of learners.
Great course that makes the content self-paced.  The book is accessible and the expectation of assignments is reasonable.  I highly recommend.
Amazing course that teaches the fundamentals in such a way that by the end of the course you will be developing in Python like a seasoned pro.
Great starter course. I have taken several python starter courses, and this is the first one (book included) that made sense to me. Thank you!
This course is very good for the beginner for python. I am interesting to learn this course and it is  useful for my research. Thank you all.
I really loved the course and the instructor, also it was a good start for me to start learning Python programming language with this course!
python basic are clear and easy to understand via this course.i hope if you  could add some more practice questions for better understanding.
Professor Severance is a great teacher,

He explains in a simple manner and in a funny way where the concept easily reaches the student brain
The material is relatively easy, so good to start or come back to programming after long interruption.The course is a fun, not boring at all.
This course was very helpful to me. I'll be looking forward to learn more about python. Thank you so much for wonderful teaching and support.
Excellent course for the newcommers. Indeed, everybody should know at least the basics. This can be done here easily. Thanks Professor Chuck.
very informative simple to learn. Recommended for beginners.Thankyou university of michigan and coursera to put up such a great online course
Excellent introductory-level class. Informative and well-paced, including a good mixture of textual references and hands-on coding exercises.
Thanks Dr. Charles Russell Severance for such a wonderful lecture series . I really appreciate efforts made by you and your team. Well Done .
I enjoyed the course, it is good for those who wanted to learn from scratch. Assignments were not so very difficult, which I think should be.
It was really a nice experience Dr.Chuck is very good at explaining programming. I really enjoyed it. Thank you so much for this opportunity.
Dr.Chuck is probably one of the best teachers anyone can ask for, online. Much thanks to him for making this learning experience so much fun!
This course was very beneficial to start my programming carrier in python or any other computer language. The assignment and quiz where good.
excellent experience and also i am getting more knowledge in this course and videos are too helpful to understanding the concept more clearly
Such a nice course for beginners. The instructor of this course teaches very calmly and easily so that one can understand the topic smoothly.
Writing your first working programs is always a lot of fun. I haven't felt that passionate about my studies in... quite a long time, in fact.
Very nice first course to python, taught the basics and allowed us to get our hands dirty. Looking forward to the rest in the specialization!
It was a excellent experience in this course. I learned basics of python programming and I would recommend everyone of you to take the course
Complete, concise and comprehensive. Very good course. Exceeded expectations. But I felt that students could be given more problems to solve.
Really interesting!Amazing but the final assignment is a little difficult but after all, I finished it. So happy to take part in this course.
This is the best course i ever see for beginners in Python. I'm an intermediate in python but I love the way of teaching, the way of learning
Lectures very easy and understandable and he teaches lot of key concepts in programming and i like the way he taught me and like this course.
A very interest course, really thank you. I suggest to add a synchronous meeting and a collaboration between colleagues attending the course.
Really, This course was fun to learn if you have a little bit interest in programming. The trainer has amazing knowledge about the course !!!
It was an amazing experience to opt for MOOC. It's a great learning platform fir all those who want to learn some new skills in the industry.
This course is the baby steps for the programmers. There is no point of hesitating in the course. you can understand step by step very easily
I really like the way Charles teaches the course. He is really interesting and the friendly environment makes it very easy to grasp concepts.
It was designed perfectly for people without zero background in computer science.It is a good start for people interested in learning python.
Charles Severance is a great teacher and its really fun to learn from him. Never gets boring, full of useful information, easy to understand!
Professor Snape... I mean Severance breaks this stuff down better than anyone I've come across. I look forward to taking more of his courses.
Great for beginners. Could be faster and more focused on the coding. I would remove the starbucks videos and mark the interviews as optional.
The best course if you have no prior coding experience. Professor walks down to the straight basics of how the code is read. Excellent course
I would like to thank coursera for giving this opportunity to me to learn  python the proffesor expainled very well and made it very simple .
I knew a little bit of python before but have not used it in a while. This course was great for refreshing my memory of the basics of python.
The lectures were very informative, but there was also enough room for someone completely new to this, like myself, to do their own research.
Good course and the material for the beginners! The coach is amazing. I enjoyed taking this course and willing to take many more on Coursera.
It is a very good course to refresh the memory and continue to the certification, I recommend it for all people who want to know about Python
I enjoyed the course, professor explain all concepts very clearly and exercises keep us motivated to complete the course as soon as possible.
I think this course is a great introduction for those who have never coded before and are very interested in learning. I highly recommend it!
It is just excelent. And the Professor has a impressive skill to explain and make look this so very fun and easy to learn. Fully recommended.
Wonderful course for someone just dipping her toes in programming.  Well thought out and easy to follow.  Thanks Professor and support staff!
This is a great course for those who are not familiar with programming ...thnk you  specially  to chuck sir  who taught us in simpler way....
Its good but takes lot of time like 7 weeks for this 4-5 days course. that should be optional you can finish that within a week. less content
The professor has done a great job teaching basic skill in python with simple and clear language. Definitely an awesome course for beginners!
I learned basic python programming from this course and the bonus videos are really helpful: i got to learn directly from famous programmers.
The videos are great! They provide step by step instructions and an explanation for each step to help you paint the big picture in your head.
I really liked this course, can't wait for the next one :) easy-to-understand videos, good exercises (with help if needed), great enthusiasm!
You will love Dr. Chuck and the Python programming language. This course worth ten stars not only five. Thank you Dr. Chuck you are the best!
I'm not a beginner in programming, but I think course is very useful for everybody, who want know about python. And video is very interesting
This is a great course to learn not only Python but also get an awesome introduction to programming in general even with no prior experience!
excellent stuff to start programming. A good stuff to start Python as well.I really liked the interviews in between the lectures. great work.
just loving it. i will be waiting to take tests. very useful. Thank you for giving such a nice opportunity to learn from Michigan University.
An excellent course. Dr. Chuck has an amazing teaching style that gets you really engaged with the subject and I can't wait for the next one!
easy and friendly to non-technical people (it's really for Everybody!) Thanks Prof for being so humourous and making the lessons interesting!
Thank you for this! I am really grateful though i still have so many to learn. Thank you for this great introduction! Will continue learning
The perfect Python starter course. Well organised, very light, and the objectives are met so seamlessly. All in all, a wonderful experience.
For me a little bit too basic but lectures was fun to listen. If you are never programmed before then I would recommend to take this course.
explanation of Dr.chuck was excellent.i addicted him style.also i gained lot of basic knowledge about python.especially i thank to Dr.chuck.
It was an absolutely great course! I'm very glad that i have completed this course! Thank you very very much for giving me this opportunity.
A great introduction to Python - very easy to listen to and to follow. I hope to continue to have success with writing code and programming.
A very interesting course with an excellent instructor. That's the first online course I ever finish and I can't wait for the other courses.
This is a really great course and of course I love Python. I really appreciate the excellent skills of teaching of Charles Russell Severance
Very interesting and easy to understand, well explained for beginners and easily relatable for those that is already exposed to programming.
A  must take course for Python Beginner. The class is amazingly clear, engaging and helpful! Thank you very much for developing the course!!
Great learning experience. Instructor put a lot of emphasis on having students grasp the concepts for later use. Nice flow, easy for follow.
This course is quiet amazing and adorable for those especially who start their journey in the python and soon gonna join next course as well
A pretty good introduction course to python. The tutor tries to explain most easily as possible, and the content is very good for beginners.
Dr. Chuck made python look like a piece of cake to me. I highly recommend this course for anybody who has even a tiniest interest in python.
The course is very good and the instructor is awesome. The way he teaches  made it interesting to learn the language and easy to understood.
i had tried studying python for a long time.but this time i am confident about this.thank you sir for explaining it in the best way possible
it was a good course that allows me to reinforce my knowledge in python as a programming language and the truth was very fun and interactive
if you are a absolute beginner in programming world then this is what you should look for  and for the enthusiast this is the perfect course
it helps me to understand basics of python. i was so new to programming, but i never feel so during learning it. DR chuck is a great teacher
it's amazing, Mr Severus is very interactive, besides I very much liked the reference to Severus and Slytherin. Thank you very much for this
He is excellent professor ,for fist time want to learn python students easy to understand,I will take his other courses. This is good start.
This was an excellent course. The subject matter was taught in an easy to understand way with great videos and challenging but doable tests.
Good course, from time to time a bit of a slog with all the ancillary videos. But a great instructor with a fantastic teaching style. Thanks
Really good course. I really liked doing the assignments on my own to figure them out. The instructor was very helpful without mansplaining.
As a freshman of programming, this course really gives me a good beginning. I love Dr.Chuck and I am looking forward to his future lectures!
This is really useful and friendly to beginners. I got confidence and interest after I come into the right answer after several times trying
Awesome beginning course - Prof Severance makes coding approachable to someone with no experience, something that I haven't found elsewhere.
One of the best course for beginners..HIghly recommended for people starting python its easy to understand and cover all basics in sequence.
This is a  good starting point for beginners  in programming. You'r going to learn the rudiments of programming and the way computers think.
excellent syllabus. Speed of the course was perfect .Learnt how to code in python .Application of python .Learnt how to write code in pyhton
Really amazing course ! And it's  really easy to get started for everybody who is about to jump into the pool of the python ! Quite useful !
awesome course, great intro to python, like the bonus videos a lot, very inspiring to hear those master talking about their big code project
An excellent course. Perfect for beginners, especially those who have zero experience and feel like learning programming is a daunting task.
Very Good Material for the beginners.For person who already has experience on other languages, it could also be useful to do a quick review.
Very easy to understand (almost too easy) and great for anyone without prior experience in coding, computer science or computers in general!
Great teacher! Really knows how to convey the material in a good manner. Only improvement suggestion for the course could be more exercises.
Definitely worth taking this course if you're serious about learning Python.  Helps you with a good foundation to build on.  Happy coding ;)
A really good course for beginners to programming and python. But I would not recommend it for people who already know a bit of programming.
Fabulous Prof. uses smart metaphors to make teaching fun and interesting.Office hours give us nice little sneak peaks into the Prof's world.
I love this Professor, he explained everything very clear. I have no prior experience at all, but I understand everything after this course.
It helped me a lot, the teacher is teaching in a funny manner. You have pears you can talk to about anything you do not understand and so on
The professor is fun to learn with and the mentors are amazing. They very knowledgeable and respond very fast to any questions in the forums
Great course for learning python. It's adapted for everyone, both those with experience in computing and those without computing experience.
The course was very beneficial for me. Thanks to everybody who helped to provide this course. I really enjoyed during while learning Phyton.
Very nice. Really good course. Excellent material. I would most likely continue with more courses here. Thank you very much for this option.
Python is really cool and this course is fascinating.  Charles is charming! I will continue learn Python here.. Thanks for your guidance. XD
This course is amazing for people with no prior background. The teaching methodology, the structure and the professor rare just too amazing.
Great course in that it clearly defined learning objectives and presented classroom material and instruction to accomplish these objectives.
It's really a great course! Through this course, you learn about Python though you don't have any experience about program and IT knowledge.
Thank you  so much Mr.chunk .Your class is very interesting and useful.Your deep understanding of program do help me a lot.Thank you  again.
The method of teaching, quizzes and assignments helped me to learn as much as possible from this course. Thankyou for providing this course!
Great course! Very happy with the course structure and content and most of all, Dr. Chuck's teaching style is compare to none. Mind blowing!
Great course for a person to start to learn the programming paradigm. Really enjoyed the course and Charles Severus sir is a great teacher.
a Great class for someone who has never coded before, but if you had code more than 1000+ line before,this class may not suit you the best.
Great overview course in python. I was super excited  to learning  from Dr Chuck. The auto-grader is finicky sometimes, but fair and quick.
The most friendly instructor anyone could ask for! And getting the point across so well, I loved learning python from Dr. Chuck. Thank you.
It's very interesting lecture and I improve my programming skills and also confident. Thank you for wonderful Video with exercise and quiz.
it was wonderful experience and learning python for everybody.thank you Coursera for providing this wonderful course to enhance my ability.
I enjoyed this course very much and through this course I learned all the basics of Python. Now I'm gonna confidently move on to next level
Great introductory course for python programming, especially for non-programming folks. Easy, lucid explanation with breakdown into topics.
this course was amazing. it was very interesting and thoroughly enjoyed it. the course was engaging and very helpful. had an amazing tutor.
One of the best course to learn python. Professor explains it in such a way that you don't need basic knowledge of python to understand it.
This course is extremely interesting and fun. Dr. Severance is a wonderful instructor. He made learning Python quite an entertaining affair
Great Course and is taught is one of the best possible way so that anyone can learn the fundamentals of Python and start basic programming.
I feel privilege to get the opportunity to complete my course under Coursera.I will be thankful to get the certificate as soon as possible.
Nice! If you are thinking to start to learn Python, come take this course!This is the best course I have ever taken. You will never regret!
Very nice course . I had 0 information about python but Dr. Chuck is a gem!He explained everything nicely and with a very good explanation.
Dr. Chuck explained everything clear and easy to understand to a beginner, which gives me a lot of confidence that I can learn coding well.
I have gained good amount of knowledge over the python thanks good mentors who helped to achieve this certificate and guide us over python.
Charles, a bug thanks to u. I never gone through such interesting classes.. YES, this course is for EVERYONE towards programming in PYTHON.
Best course ever! All because of the style of teaching of the teacher.Full of fun and keeps the learner active and interested in the topic.
I really loved learning the basics of the Python basics from Dr. Chuck and i will be looking forward to learn more skills from this website
it is great course.you learn lot of thing with easy way  if you read my feedback and you beginner in python than this is  courser for you .
Such a great course must go for this one. Helped me  a lot to start something as good as python. i would surely recommend this to everyone.
The course is well developed and python for everybody book is very helpful but the instructor should teach problems with a little low pace.
The contents of the course is really good. The details covered on the course are very fundamental which is very important for any developer
This is a really good course for a beginner programmer and an experienced programmer looking to pick up Python. Couldn't recommend it more.
Very recomended if you're just starting to program or starting with python. The lessons are very dynamic, interesting and the pace is good.
This course is very Helpful, for me to start my career in Python.The teacher Dr. chuck, he is a good Teacher, I loved his classes.Thank you
I think the course was very good, the Courser talked about all the little details. Thanks you so much for all the lessons, Thanks a million
Probably one of the best teachers i have encountered in my life. Thank you Professor Severance for such a wonderful introduction to Python.
While the course is a little easy for me, I think it is the most suitable for those who have no experience. Hope you can achieve your goal!
The instructor is exceptional! Fun and informative course for beginner level! I recommend this course if you have zero knowledge of Python.
Detailed and very Organized materials. Great for everyone who is new to programming. The instructor wonderfully explained all the concepts.
I enrolled in this course to get some python practice and now im super confident with the practice obtained through quizes and assignments.
Great course, enjoyed it thoroughly !! gave me an insight to how python programming works and its various usage and day to day application.
Thanks to great Sir charles severance and the coursera  team to provide such an informative and easy to understand knowledge. Thank you all
The professor is just awesome!! He has just devised a perfect program with lot's of blend of fun in it making it a very interesting course.
i learned python successfully.greetings to university of michigan.hope i can take some more additional courses from university of michigan.
Great place to get started with Python (or with programming in general). Pace is quite slow, so it's great for everyone without experience.
I totally know nothing about computer language. But through this course I feel I am getting closer to high technology and I am sure I am no
Too basic for experienced programmers but excellent in contents and presentation. Professor Severance demonstrated to be a top skilled one.
Course was very informative and interesting. It's really a good place to start with for those who want to learn python programming language
Prof. Charles's explanation makes understanding the basic syntax and rules of Python seem very simple. Thanks for offering this course sir.
One of the best Coursera classes I have taken. I appreciate the lessons and the noticeable feedback mentors have in the course discussions!
Perfect in the way of teaching and performing tasks,  through this online platform.Feels good to be a part of a such a productive platform.
Extremely well done. I really needed to be hand-held through the beginnings of programming and this course has helped me so much with that.
Very basic stuff, but great level of explanation for complete beginners. I'm well versed in MATLAB so this took me a few hours to complete.
Excellent course for beginner in python. Also, if you are trying to learn programming python is quit a good option.Just go for this course.
Lectures are well organized and  Chuck uses great analogies in his examples making studying process easy and fun. Thank you Chuck and team!
Very good for beginners who have no previous experience in programming. Chuck is a great instructor who brings fun to the learning process.
This was my first class since college (almost 20 years ago), and I truly enjoyed it.  It was very easy to follow, and found it very useful.
I love this course, I want to say thanks for the teacher lead me to know about programing, I found programing is interesting, thanks a lot.
This is a great course for learning the basics of Python programming. It allows the student have a good grasp of the foundations of Python.
Very good course. The materials are perfect, the videos clear, funny and comprehensible, the assignments easy if one does follow and learn.
This is a fun course that easily teaches you Python. Dr. Chuck is easy to listen to and learn from and makes me want to keep learning more.
Dr. Chuck is a great teacher and, as the course goes on, we actually can notice our own progress. It's a great course and a great mentor :)
It is very important course for me. It is very basic and useful for understanding the basic concept of python..Thank youDr. Chuck Severance
I love it! Very thorough. I started knowing NOTHING about programming and although I am still a beginner, I no longer feel lost. Fantastic.
I found the course structure quite nicely set-up for a new learner. Was happy to be a part of the course, and look forward to the next one.
Great class, accessible to anyone and with additional very interesting interviews ( notably of Guido van Rossum, Massimo Banzi and others).
Nicely done. No matter you if had previous programming background but you'll surely like programming after this class. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Excellent teaching, everything is made look so easy that anyone who is not from programming background can get through this course easily.
it is really help to get into know about Python, video is short, but each part is very clear. mush easier than combine it into full video.
Awesome Class! Well explained and entertaining at the same time. I had a great time learning with Mr. Severence, he is an awesome teacher.
This course is amazing introduction to the topic! It was very didactic, and the pace was good. In adiction, the instructor is really good!
I'm very happy to improve me knowledge. Excellent presentation of materials and many different interesting videos and additional knowledge
I'd like to thank Mr Russell  for his amazing approach and all the material his bringing for us students. This course was really awesome!!
Very good introduction to programming for anyone who wants to start but doesn't necessarily have a heavy computers educational background.
Loved how the course is structured and especially the course. The course instructor is very good. The presentations were done really welll
If anyone wants to learn programming language  who does not have any background of programming, this course must be taken as first choice.
i loved this course, i never spent this much time to learn any other languages, but this professor made interesting each and every minute.
It was an excellent introduction to basics in Python, I pently reccomend this course to all people how just begin to learn how to program.
This basic walkthrough is highly recommended to not only python beginners but to people who selected to learn program and problem-solving.
The course was beginner friendly. The instructor breaks things down in simple form. The course content was simple and easy to understand .
Really great to finally come across a teacher who enjoys programming and also wants the students to enjoy it every bit as much as he does.
An excellent course for anyone looking to revise programming basics. On the other hand, a similarly great course for programming beginners
Thank you for teaching us so beautifully Charles sir. Making everything so simple, i am glad i choose Coursera for this programming class.
Before staring with this course I knew basics of Java,but this couse took my basics to an another level.Got confidence and self belief too
If you are an absolute beginner this is a nice course, the instructor is a really good teacher and the guide book is simple to understand.
The instructor is fluent, clear and through with the subject. I loved the content and it really helped me understand the basics of python.
The course is super easy to follow and the instructor does a good job in explaining complicated ideas and making the contents interesting.
This course is really super.video and audio quality is also good. Faculty is also good anybody can easily understand they away of teaching
Clear lectures and helpful assignments! I'm so glad I found this course; I'll be looking into the following courses in the specialization!
This course really enhanced my coding skills. As for a person who dont know coding at all this course really helps learning python easily.
This course gives a basic overview of programming in python. It is essential for those who want to learn basics of python and programming.
This was one of the best course by Dr.Charles Severance sir. The course was taught in very friendly manner and was very interesting to me.
Thanks a lot sir!!!for giving such a wonderful course.Now i am very confident in Python.It was an excellent courseand Thank you Coursera!!
Iwant to thank Cousera as well as our trainer for this course for providing great support for education and learning to various students .
Excellent in al aspects!! Perfect pace and very good explanations for total beginners like me. I'm really looking forward for what's next.
Clear and precise teaching methods by Dr. Charles Severance. This Specialization is helpful step in gaining skills to become a programmer.
This course really builds up a firm foundation for Python. Worthy for spending your time. Special appreciation to the mentor Mr.Charles :)
This is great course for beginners and it gave me the right motivation to learn more in this field and on Coursera. Thank you Charles sir!
"A-nice-and-interesting-way-to-add-skill-in-yourself"...anyone_who_wants_to_learn_python_this_is_a_platform_where_you_can_learn_with_fun..
The course was really good and helpful alot.Need such courses alot for upcoming technical students to work much better.Thank you coursera.
An amazing platform to learn basic coding. It helped me a lot. Perfect guidance to ace in coding language has been provided here. Hats off
it was really an awesome experience learning with Coursera, Coursera has given a platform to learn everything ......thankyou Coursera.....
Super awesome course!Best course i ever had.. Thank you Dr Charles Russell Severance for sharing beautiful journey!Best Regards,Vijay Vyas
I think this course is very good because the professor is very humorous and efficient which makes the learning of programming much easier.
Really loved the teaching style of Professor Charles. I really look forward to have more courses with him. This was really fun. Thank you.
Amazing - easy pace - very well organised and understandable content - best of all Charles is an excellent teacher.Loved it thoroughly....
The course is Amazing and the Instructor has really good teaching skills. I would love to learn the other courses in Python from Michigan.
Excellent way of teaching for beginners.I got most of the thing sir thought during lecture.Quiz and written assignment  were very helpful.
This course is very good for biginners and for those who wants to excelerate their carrier in python,they provide excellent excercise also
Very useful website and great teachers. i think this is the kind of study each and everybody should get. Thank you coursera for everything
Best course you can take if you want to learn from scratch with a solid foundations, i will continue with the next course on the pack, ty!
The class was fun and easy to understand . The professor is great and knows his stuff especially knows how to teach anything from scratch.
This course is a perfect choice to start learning programming.I can not thank Charles enough, now I am gonna take the next course happily.
since i already know other c i felt it might easy, but teach skilles is awesome here. Thanks for courses, Thanking you michigan University
Very  good lecture for a beginner to start up with. Professor Charles Severance makes the lecture very interesting and easy to understand.
This is a very basic, still necesary course for those starting with Python. I see it well organized and with enough information for my fir
Excellent course that taught me new things, and at the same time challenged me to learn new concepts by myself. Couldn't recommend it more
This was a good course to get the basic knowledge of Python scripting. Continuous practice on these key concepts do help a lot! Thanks! :)
A very good course with an awesome instructor. He teaches complex topics with such ease and finesse which makes it easier for us to learn!
Excellent course. Teacher is fantastic. In this course teacher not only teaching the Python but also teach us basics of programming logic.
quite valuable for beginners. content is in progress to help students learn basic computer language and prepared for advanced programming.
this course is a good start for one who earns to get some basic in programming and also I really love the attitude of the instructor himse
Great course highly recommend. The professor exactly knows how to keep his students engaged while explaining the core programming concepts
I loved this course! The profesor and the content are great! It's a perfect introduction to programming with python, I highly recommend it
I like the course very much . Thank you Dr.Chuck ! I got my lost passion on programming . Now , I think I could create the world , again !
Just getting started but have learned so much already.  Energetic and Enthusiastic Instructor!  Thank You for providing this to the world!
This course was easy to follow and well-taught. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn Python with no background in the language.
I always found programming and engineering classes in general to be quite challenging. PY4E has made it not only simple, but fun to learn.
Chuck does a great job of explaining both high-level concepts and low-level syntax. Material isn't too hard, but isn't dumbed down either.
Great springboard into the Python language. The pace was slow and steady and should allow anybody to get their feet wet with the language.
Sufficient study material ,provides easy way to learn python .Thank you prof. Dr Chuck for providing videos and your book for the course .
Excellent explanation of Python programming language for an absolute beginners. Main concepts and ideas clearly described and illustrated.
It's a great course that inspires my interest on Python. Thank you professor Charles Severance  and your team to offer such a good course.
An excellent teacher and excellent content for people interested in programming (even if they don't have the basic knowledge of algorithm)
very nice and clean learning.Teacher is very a cool person gave simplified explaination with programs that made python very easy to learn.
Very good for a beginner, but I find sometimes the bonus videos are a bit useless. But each to themselves! would recommend for a beginner.
I am so glad to have the chance to get to know about programming and Python, I recommend it to everyone how is going to start programming.
This is a great introduction to Python. I highly recommend this course to anyone that wants to learn python, even if it's just a brush up.
A very good course for beginners to start and it is the best way to start learning python. It provides a start for the confused beginners.
good starter for python. the professor is very good and the course goes directly to the most important points when learning the leanguage
For a beginner, it lets you pace your learning journey. It gives you an insight as to what programming can be using Python as a language.
It was a very good course and I learned a lot from it. Also practised codes and learned to code. Interaction and teaching style was good.
This is probably the best course to start learning python from scratch.I was able to learn a lot and I am glad that I took this course :)
Sir,          I thank for giving me an opportunity to learn Python. It was wonderful experience in learning Python. Thank you once again.
Dr Chucks brings this material to the student in a very entertaining way, and builds the Syllabus block by block. A true "beginner" class
I have learned basic skills and had great experience from the Instructor. I really appreciate great efforts of the University of Michigan
Awesome Course, perfect for people with low to none programming backgrounds, also people wanting to build a better programming foundation
Very easy to navigate through the course because of the amazing explanation videos. The discussion forum is also very helpful for doubts.
For a beginner this is the best for learning and get started with Python ..and  the instructor teach in attractive way ,you gonaa love it
Exceptional course which is created and aggregated very well especially in a way which I loved  very much although I am not new to Python
A clear and exceptional course. A praise certainly goes to Professor Severance for his professionalism combined with his funny character.
Excellent,
thank you so much Dr.Chuck, a very good instructor. I am eager to finish the complete
specialization. Thank you so much again.
For students have already known something with python, this is a good course for you to check your basic understanding with what you got.
The course was very useful and very detailed. The exercises and quizes are on point and covers almost every aspect we need to understand.
fantastic introduction to Python, with great book an exercises apart from additional materials to understand better the origins of Python
i have learn python language basics by this course and the instructor is very talented man.i have no problem in understanding the course.
Great course for a newbie or a person who has now programming experience.Was a bit easy for me as i knew Java but will work fine for you.
This is fantastic course. I love this. I am very thankful to Dr. Charles for such a great teacher and also i am grateful to Coursera team
The Course is well structured to get u started with Programming . Dr Chuck Explains the concepts in a very simple to understand language.
here you can start your learning in python. It will enhance your knowledge in Python. Material very much helpful, which they provided me.
Dr. Chuck covered all basic concepts of Python Programming. This course is perfect for those who don't have any knowledge of programming.
It is very great experience to have with Dr. Chuck as a instructor. He is amazing mentor which provide us precious and valuable knowledge
This course is so helpful to me. content in this course is useful for beginner. follow a steps is easier.I enjoy while doing this course.
this course is a gem  for absolute beginner's i believe this course add more value to your coding career while you starting learn to code
Exceptional course. I knew nothing about Python, and now I know the foundational structure. Prof. Severence is an outstanding instructor.
Python was made very simple to learn even for the beginners. It was great learning the basics of Python with Coursera in interesting way!
It was very clear and easy to understand. Surely, it was for everybody. I had no problem learning the concepts and I had fun learning it.
Thanks a lot, Coursera...i learned a lot of Python Concepts from This course......I am so much Happy and Satisfied with this course......
very good.everyone who wants programming should learn it from here.its very easy I am a student of 10th class and it seems helpful to me.
Basically this  course is for the one who is trying to enter into programming. It will teach you  and make you confident with the basics.
It was an amazing experience, Everything was made so easy by the instructor ,Thank you so much coursera for making this wonderful course.
The explanation in this course is excellent.Really recommend it for the beginners to coding.Dr Charles Severance is an excellent teacher.
Great starting point for people new to programming.Great refresher for people who had a go at Python once and then didn't use it in ages.
Very good for everyone willing to start working with Python. Dr. Chuch is a great teacher and the examples and course dynamics are great!
This is a fantastic course, presented by an informative and interesting professor.  If I could leave a score higher than 5 stars I would.
Tutor is so good,it really help me a lot for enhancing my knowledge about python. i love to do more course on coursera. love you coursera
This absolutely the place to start if you want to learn Python and are not an experienced programmer. Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor.
It's really helpful in understanding basic concepts of programming in python. Thanks for providing such a good content, Thanks coursera !
Solid intro to the basics of Python. Would recommend to anyone looking to get started in programming. Instructor made this easy to learn.
For sure this course is for Everybody.A person with no prior programming  knowledge can also write their basic program after this course.
It was a great experience in learning python and it was very well taught and each concept was thoroughly explained and in a clear manner.
Excellent introduction to Python Programming. It keeps the student focused and slowly but certainly progresses to more advanced features.
Excellent course! I'm just getting started in Python but, with this type of courses it seams pretty simple to get better in this lenguaje
Easy way to learn new things in python by starting with basics. Giving space for our practice and it helps a lot for beginners in python.
Great quality of course, especially for people like me who did not know anything about Python when I started. (Now I want to learn more).
Wonderful course. It gives the basic understanding what is Python and syntax basics.  Mr Charles is the best online teacher - I love him!
This is a great course. Dr. Chuck does a fantastic job breaking the information into easily digestible chunks so that learning is easier.
wonderful course . All basic concept available. nice video lectures. understandable examples and informative contents. Thanks to coursera
Very nicely taught, easy to follow instructions and well explained examples and exercises. I feel more comfortable working on Python now.
Great course for people starting out, or for people like me who are needing a refresher on programming skills learnt quite some time ago!
This was my first online course. Found this course very useful. It is presented in easy to understand way. Good for beginners with Python
The course it taught a very simple manner.  I have taken other courses online and by far this is the best course for Python I have taken.
I'm from Taiwan, the course is great and isn't complicated to learn, especially the discussion forums always can find people to help you!
This course is a basic course but it's very helpful if you are not a programmer. It will provide you strong foundation for python course.
I think the teacher is very good. He did not let see a lot of boring or over-complex codes, but he taught me how to organize my own code.
It's really good for understanding background of programing  also computer archi.Good way to start learning python with kind explanation.
Delivered with passion,this is an excellent course by Dr.Charles Severance. Thanks a lot for providing the "Python for Informatics" book.
Excellent for introducing someone to programming in Python. In my case it was easiest to move from a language like C/C++ to learn Python.
A wonderfully thought out and executed course. Thank you to Dr. Severence for his excellent materials and guidance throughout the course.
Easy to follow and understand.  Great introduction to computer programming for people who know nothing.  Great instructor!  Great course!
Genial para empezar a aprender Python. Todo muy mascado y explicado.Great to beginers in Python. It´s all very simple and well explained.
Awesome content. This course helped me to learn python easily. Assignments are designed in such a way that they provide a good practice.
now i can program by python. this course is very good and i'm happy to learn it. the best thing is understanding videos and applying it.
excellent course and I learn how to use python to calculate some really easy questions and have a better understanding of the iteration.
Really well step by step first course, i apreciated the effort in the simplicification of the concepts to make them more undestandables.
Overall, this is a great introduction to Python. Prior to this class, I had zero Python experience.After this course I'm great in python
It was really great course explained everything very finely and in detail .Thank you to Professor Charles for such a great explaination.
this course is definitely amazing the instructor's way of teaching was so good and easy to keep upthe course was informative and helpful
Taught very well. Prof Severance takes it slow and explains everything in a way that makes you believe you really understand everything.
one of the best courses on python for beginners, thanks to the instructor Dr.Chuck for making the course fun and clear at the same time.
An excellent course to start python from the scratch,exercises after every chapter were the key factor to understand the video lectures.
Dr Charles has explained the basic concepts of python in an easy to understand language. It indeed is a programming course for everybody
One of the best course ever I have done. Dr Chuck is excellent in teaching to absorb coding. May he instruct more courses in extra time.
This course is full of knowledge. and Dr.chuck is teaching very greatly. I am going to do all 5 courses after this very very good course
Very simple to understand and Charles made the concepts very clear! I would highly recommend for anyone thinking about learning to code!
Great entry level programming class by an amazing professor who has an obvious passion for sharing his passion for learning programming.
Very clear and informative. I also bought the book which really helped fill in all those questions one would have while following along!
This course is easy to understand. I used to consider programming to be boring, but this course aroused my interest in this field again.
Very Happy that I took this course as Mr. charles made it very easy to understand as it was only the basics it was fun to learn with him
It was really great time to learn to program for everyone. It was really fun and learning both together!! Recommended for the beginners.
It was my pleasure to become part of this course. It has made me believe that anyone can learn programming if they are committed enough.
it's really friendly for people like me who want to study Python but have no background knowledge about that, thanks Professor Charles~!
This is a very good start for programming in python.All the content was nicely explained and the instructor of the course is too good...
Amazing course!  I will join other courses by this specialization as I feel that explanation is very clear for me.  Thank you very much)
Had a great time going through this course.I recommend this one to each one of you sitting out there and reading my review.All smiles...
It was very helpful for a beginner like me. It would be more comprehensive if the solutions for the problems of the text book was added.
It was god course with basics and I learned a lot of things in the course  and thanks to coursera for providing the opportunity to learn
Great course with interesting  Materials. I really enjoyed and really eager to start the next course of python (chapter 6 to chapter 10)
This was the first course for me on computer science. I have learned a lot and understand the logic behind the codes.Thank you Dr. Chuck
Great Material, very well delivered.Highly recommend University of Michigan courses as well as those delivered by Dr. Charles Severance.
this course is very important for any student to concept any principles of programming and help many programmers to think in programming
Its good for all students who want to start python and having no previous knowledge of any other programming languages.It's very good!!!
it's good experience for me to become a certified by coursera and i love the content which are available on coursera. THANK YOU COURSERA
I had a hard time understanding the Try except structure, except that the course was very good. New examples of Try-except can be added.
Very good course. Alghouth easy to understand, it included some very computational things which might be taught even in asemby language.
Thnx to quadratts for letting a  muggleborn have a little magic, specially miss Michela from staff for guiding ss even in new years eve.
I like the way that the professor teaches, it's an useful and interesting course to help beginners formulating basic concepts of Python.
Highly recommended. It would boost your self confidence and is not boring like the others. Many thanks to everyone who made this course.
it is a nice course for who want to learn Python. Clear to explain a definition in Python program.I'm enjoy of this and catch it easily!
Very good for beginners. I am new to programming and this course helped me a lot in understanding basics of python programming language.
I thought the course had the perfect amount of problem solving in the assignments. I learned lots, and it was simple and easy to follow.
Very well-structured course, nicely taught by Charles (I liked the way he interpreted the codes/methods which made the course so lively)
Excellent Introduction to Python fundamentals for those that have no experience programming in Python whatsoever.  Highly recommended!!!
This course is very good for the beginner of python programmer even though never know about the basic skill of programming. Thanks a lot
Dr. Severance combines just the right amount of humor and knowledge to make this rather mundane topic a little more interesting. Cheers.
Charles is not only share us about the codes but also the fundamental and essential of each code in python programming language. Thanks!
Excellent course - logically arranged and pretty easy to finish early.  The peer support was excellent and I am ready for the next one!!
Great professor! Interesting, personal and patient. The content is really great for beginner. The bonus video are really great to watch!
Easy to understand even though I had very little programming experience. I guess we'll see how good it really is once I finish them all.
simple and speak principle clearly,that is very good for new one to python.the chuck is a good teacher,and his examples are interesting!
easy to follow, clear (and sometimes funny) explanation, highly recommended for beginners who want to learn python programming language.
A great introduction to Python and programming in general. I really enjoyed this course and plan on finishing the entire specialization.
Awesome course! great start for people who have no experience in programming before. The professor taught clearly and straightforwardly.
I love the instructor the way he taught us that is so amazing and free material provided by the instructor is really help me a  lot . :)
Brilliant beginner course. I thoroughly enjoyed how the content was taught and assessed. I will definitely be completing further courses
It got me started with Python. The concepts are explained really well.I would recommend this to everybody interested in learning Python.
The professor is really interesting! love his way to teach python, and I recommand anyone who wants to learn coding to join this course!
Lectures were interactive  which made it interesting  keeping the zeal alive throughout the entire learning process. Thank you Coursera.
Perfect for beginners, clear and fun lecturing, very focused assignments.One of the best lectureres I have ever had. Highly recommanded.
Good course, good pacing... if you have never done any programming. Might be a bit too slow for anybody with any programming experience.
Great course, the instructor explains the topics well with great examples and gives a good foundation before moving on to the next step.
one word for the tutor ...he's amazing !!!!!! really knows how to engage students in online courses and great knowledge of his domain .
Thanks for your course power point and lecture video file. So i have not difficult  to solve quizzes and assignments for every chapter.
The instructor helps in building fundamental skills from the ground up with steady pacing and implementation. Thank You for Everything!
The course was really well fun and the instructer is very good at explaining concepts, recommend it for anyone starting to learn python
Easy to understand and keep up! Supported with great assignments which is a good way to teach not just theoretical, but also practical.
learned a lot from very basics i recommend you to join this course assignment go from easy to complex to improve problem solving skill.
Very helpful.The assignments of later weeks were a bit difficult for me.After several attempts I succeeded.The slides were helpful too.
The course and the instructor, both are excellent. Suitable for any body, whether a novice or an expert in other programming languages.
This is the best way in which i have learnt programming concepts , i love this course and the way of teaching of the instructor as well
The course was really good. Dc. Chuck was a very exciting instructor and we enjoyed the course and learnt programming basics in python.
This course really helped me build up my basics in python programming language. Thank you  so much Coursera for such a valuable course.
Excellent for beginners, the lectures are very friendly and topics aren't overwhelming. By the end, you realize you have learned a lot.
Professor made this course  simple, interesting and amazing. He keeps us chill so that we can complete this course without any problem.
Great course. Could go a bit faster, but generally clear and thorough, with enough practice problems to make the concepts stick, a bit.
Awesome course! The concepts are so clearly explained. A great course for people who want to learn the very foundations of Programming.
I am from non technical background but this course is structured so beautifully which help me understand a lot on programming language.
This is so good. I learned the basics of python programming, and it seems i really started to like coding in python. Thanks Coursera!!!
I am quite happy after completing this Programming for Everybody Course. It has enforced me to do more courses as if of its simplicity.
this is a really good course though . Dr .chuck is so funny and explain very well. hoppe to enjoy the next section of data structures .
The course is beautifully designed for beginners and really enjoyed doing the programming questions and quizzes. Very well taught also.
This is my first online certification class and I really enjoyed it and learned a lots of stuffs as well about basic programming.Thanks
Great course! My fist time ever getting involved with programming stuff and I feel like Charles Russel was the perfect person to do so.
One of inthe best professor I have came across during my online learning. He has kep me engaging and creating interested in the subject
Awesome and engaging learning experience!Many thanks to Dr. Severance, the University of Michigan and Coursera for making this possible
Fantastic course. Really delivers on the premise, and provides great practice. I'm glad I listened to the Quora guy who recommended it.
The way of teaching was so amazing and the assignment questions are good for testing my understanding level.Thank you so much coursera.
Python for everybody is Good course for beginners to get started with Python. Small-small concepts explained very nicely with examples.
Great for absolute beginners. The instructor takes his time to show the material in detail. Not only the syntax but also why to use it.
Actually it is a nice course to learn the fundamental of python language, I really enjoyed this course & learn lot more in this course.
This is very nice course for learning the python .the style of learning is very good and all the concept is clear throught this course.
I used to get intimidated by loops. After this course I'm loving it, from now on I would implement repeated steps using functions/loops
Great beginning programming and python course. Well structured and explained. Too easy if you already know other programming languages.
Already written a review. It's honestly good. Funny, I hadnt seen the reviews before but they were all unsurprisingly glowing like mine
Nice and clear demonstration, making programming easy and fun to learn. Definitely recommend to any beginner interested in programming.
A very straightfoward and beautifully taught course for those who've always seen programming as something too cumbersome to understand.
Very interesting course, i am able to complete the course with strong basics and looking forward for the next course on data structures
I enjoyed this course with amazing teacher Charles Severance! I look forward to take next course about data structures with him soon :)
Great content to get started with. Nice background for a beginner, with progressively harder examples mixed in with theory and history.
Thank you for this course to give me some beginning point to learn Python. I would go on learning other courses in this specialization.
Programming for everybody course very much helpful for beginners. It has created platform for code learning in a very effective manner.
The trainer sir is very good and he has lot of knowledge on the Python, i am really appreciate the way he taught us.. hats off to him..
The teaching method of the instructor was really good. he taught in a very simple way. I will recommend everyone to take this course...
The course is very informative and quite resourceful coupled with the hard work  the instructor put in place to pass information across
Its just amazing ! Made me without any prior knowledge to understand partially and even write small programmes in python! Just amazing!
Basic  programming course. Excellent for good for beginners. Students with little programming knowledge  (VBA?) can done it in one day.
I like this course very much. The structure is very clear and the video content is very interesting. Perfect for programming beginners!
Great teacher! he made the course very easy and clear to follow! And the discuss form also helps with questions I have during my study!
I'll 100% recommend this course as this is well designed and well structured with such a beautiful explanation. Thank you Dr. Charles .
Great beginner course with a good course structure. Recommend this if you are looking to learn on your own and get into programming. :)
Amazing course with amazing professor and mentors.. i recommend it for you as a start in Python and a portal towards the advanced level
Great course for beginners, every aspect is explained from multiple standpoints, with multiple examples and everyday life associations.
A very good light introduction to programming and using the python language. I would highly recommend as a first course in programming!
Fundamental Python Course for beginners as the description of the course. Everybody can start learning Python with it. Good Luck, Guys!
A must-have course for people who've always wanted to learn programming but were unsure whether they could do it or how to get started.
Awesome course for students with zero programming experience like me. It won't turn you in into Advanced coder, 'Practice' does that :)
Amazing! I feel motivated and want to go on. The basic idea is the best: Changing the mindset of the learner into that of a programmer.
I highly recommended for the beginner who wants to learn how to code and how the program works efficiently.  keep going and let's start
The lectures were very visually helpful and the examples are great. Maybe a little less in each lecture because it is a lot to remember
I loved it,i didn't have any experience with programming and this course helped me take the first step,thank you dr. Chuck and Coursera
This is a great code for learning Python, it doesn't matter if you are a totally beginner or an experienced programmer. I recommend it.
Professor Severance is great! His lectures are fun to watch and easy to grasp since he explains everything in detail. He is the best :D
Very good introduction to programing and love the relax style the teacher have as we're in a real classroom and not at an online course
I've actually taken the course before. It's a great refresher if you need it, or a great intro if you need that. It's all around great.
Very Beginner Very hands on.  Perfect if you have never programmed in python before.  Or never programmed at all.  Instructor is great.
Great course, all the needed materials are provided and support is always available, both from tutors and from open sources on the Web.
This is my first online course.A very friendly course for programming beginners. Highly recommended! Professor is great and inspiring.
Very nice and informative course and in the end i was able to learn a new programming language and my fear of programming is also lost
Excellent way of teaching'Assignment and quiz helped me to understand my understanding level.Bonus material provided was interesting .
Very good for people with no programming background. It should have another version for people who already have programming background
The best course to learn begin with python programming. Truely enjoyed learning the course .And a special thanks to Charles Severance.
Its a good platform to start programming and if you have any previous knowledge of programming you can complete your course very fast.
This course is perfect to beginners because although I had some knowledge  about the language I learned many things that I didn't know
Very well structured and fully understandable. Love the way the course has structured. All the detailed concept is easy to understand.
It delivers exactly what it promises. Getting started with Python, looking forward to continuing learning with this series of courses.
simple awsome.....i ratherenjoyed a lot than studying this course.its a fantastic python course for beginnners to begin with.Thank you
I learned basic skills of python.Really it was very good experience.This course taught me python programming in very realistic manner.
High standard classes... Very easy to understand and very useful classes provided by the faculty.. Thanks for this great opportunity..
If you've ever considered learning about programming, but didn't know where to start, check out this class. You won't be disappointed!
Very Well Explanation. I'm beginner of Python due to this course i'm able to know the basic fundamentals..Thanks coursera team members
Easy Enough to understand and Loved the Professor's Demeanor and Humor added to the course. I'd love to meet him someday face to face!
very well organized course even for them who are not from technical background and just want to start carrier in this python language.
One of the best courses to take for aspiring coders who are new to python or coding!! Thank you Michigan university and Mr. Severance.
one of the best course to learn python even if you have no previous knowledge.This course is for anyone who wants to learn programming
Very good course and pace in how it should be for most students. Covers very good concepts and gives confidence to start using python.
The course is easy to understand as the instructor uses simple explanations which allow me to pick up the basics of Python real quick!
Excellent course especially the instructor who has a very unique teaching method that makes you feel as if coding is  a piece of cake.
It was amazing! Very easy to follow and The instructor and plataform coursera make everything simple. I loved! Now, I go to practiced!
This course really helped me to understand about basics of Python. Dr Chuck is simply amazing his method of teaching is simply superb.
Learning this course very helpful to me,actually i havent leanred python before,the course helped me to be know about python platfrom.
it is truly friendly for freshmen. i like it a lot ,it reminded me how fascinating it could be to learn programming! Thanks, Dr chuck!
Professor Severance is an excellent teacher! He explains topics in a variety of ways to ensure that you understand each topic covered.
The course content and journey was exciting. It was fun learning and never really came to know when I finished this course. So easy !!
Clearly explained, interface works, enough scaffolding to aid progress but enough space given for problem solving. Thank you Dr Chuck!
An amazing course being given by an amazing Professor - Dr. Charles Severance, who has made love coding and not get intimidated by it.
This is where you start if you want to learn programming.   Logical thinking and approach is what matters.  Python is just a language.
It was a great experience, the explanations were clear, the exercises elaborated so didactically that they shaped the teacher's ideas.
This course is a good one to the beginners. It is really useful course for me. And I hope I can finish the following courses after it.
Great start to python and thinking as a computer programmer. The instruction was conversational and never felt like a dreaded lecture.
If you don't know anything about Python but were always curious to find out, this is the course and this is the instructor. Go for it.
A very nicely paced course for someone who is new to programming. A good way to start falling in love with programming. Thank You.. !!
started coding after many years and really help build my foundation, trainer is great in understanding people like me who do not code.
This is a great course to start on the learning path for Python. It is of course designed keeping in mind of Programming for Everybody
Great course for beginners! Though I studied other programming languages a little bit, this course gave me a lot of informative stuff.
Very clear explanations and eases you into the language. The worked examples and assignments are particularly useful. Would recommend.
Thank you Charles Severance for your book as well as this course. You have demystified programming and made it accessible to EVERYONE.
Good course!The teacher is very humourous!Even if  a person without some basis programming knowledge can learn a lot from this course!
Although I was already familiar with Python programming, still this course help me to revise most of the fundamental that I forgotten.
This course is an excellent introduction to basic programming and to python. I recommend it for everyone that never programmed before.
I loved the course! Simple and Objective.Beautiful is better than ugly.Explicit is better than implicit.Simple is better than complex.
Great course, incredible teacher. I recommend this to anyone and everyone who does not know how to code and wants to  start somewhere.
Very progressive, accessible to everyone ! Bonus point : the teacher is quite nice and funny, making the course really more pleasant !
This course can be translated for any software development language. I loved this courser because the instructor has a great didactic.
Dr Chuck is awesome as always. His courses are accessible, videos are informative yet playful, and you learn a lot without any effort.
Useful course if you don't know programming. If you do, it's a bit simplistic. Love that all of the slides are available for download.
This course was very helpful as it helped me correct all of the silly mistakes that I used to commit during programming, in the past.
Great course for introduction to Phyton. Charles is a great teacher. The lectures were fun to follow and easy to keep up with.Thanks!
Amazing, clear computer science teaching. The last assignment is much harder than the rest, but it is a good challenge. Great course!
Truly fruitful course for learning basics of Python Programming Language, especially for those who don't even have coding background.
I am from INDIA. This is my first time I have complete a programming interestingly otherwise it always bores me. Thank you Prof.Chuck
very good course for basic beginner and you can visit youtube on freecodecamp this course is available all the 5 courses are for free
This course clears all my doubts about programing.thanks to my instructor Dr.Charles Severance for guiding me throughout this course.
Fantastic Teacher!  Nice breaks between videos so one is not listening to 30+ minutes of lecture and loses interest.  Very effective.
It was good and well structure course with tour, examples and practice. I would suggest every non tech person to go with this course.
I think for the person who knows nothing about programming, it was perfect. I hope I can continue other parts of this specialization.
Really an exhilarating course for sure! It helped me a lot to build confidence to solve programming problems. And ya it was perfecto.
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) is a basic start-up course in python. The instructor is good for this course.
thanks to Dr.Chucknow I'm able to understand the basics of coding and how a computer system works.O'm able to write some basic coding
I loved this Course. Doctor Chuck is an incredible Teacher or you can call it a mentor. Thank you Coursera and thanks a lot Dr. Chuck
Best course for beginners .Teaching style is very helpful I. learned alot of things from videos,assignment and practicing in website.
Python is really one of the most interesting programming languageI enjoyed alot while doing this course this site is very interesting
I think this part of the course is really beginner friendly! I feel like if I learned this way in college I would have kept doing CS.
It is a wonderful course which is easy to follow.Get that it meant for everyone.If you are a computer major you can their next course
Very good course for beginners and also can be opted for those intermediate python learners and of course everyone can learn Python !
One of the best introductory courses I've taken. It's perfect either if you have previous experience or if you're just new to Python.
Excellent course teacher. The way of teaching is really praiseworthy. Thanks to  Coursera.  This is a very helpful learning platform.
Great course to start learning Python. I completed it much faster than the recommended 7 weeks. The material is very straightforward.
It is the greatest opportunity to study python.an excellent instructor is here Dr chuck.thank you sir for your wonderful presentation
Mr charles  teaches us teaches us with too much enthusiasm and connect us to python and clear basics and built a belief on ourselves.
This course is really very good starts from the basics and covers most of basic python language. The way it is presented is also good
This course is perfect for those who are willing to learn python from basics. Each and every point is clearly explained with visuals.
must admit, even though i finished it quicl. i was was very hard. i feel my personal python backgrounf helped me through this course.
Getting started with Python is one of the most useful courses on Coursera. I love it.thanks to Coursera and Dr chunk for this course.
This course cannot be better for someone without programming background. It exceeded my expectation. Thank you Dr. Charles Severance!
I totally love the teaching of dr.charles Russell Severance  he explained everything in a proper systematic way thank you so much sir
I was afraid it was too difficult, but the lessons are so well built that it seems easy. Thanks and looking forward the next step :-)
A really helpful and engaging course. The way Dr. Chuck has taught the course is really awesome, and I thoroughly enjoyed the course.
It was an interesting way to learn this course from scratch. I loved learning this and will recommend it to my friends and colleagues
It is very useful for novices because the professor not only tell us how to use python,but more importantly the programming thinking.
Easy to start as the first course to learn Python! This course gave me enough confidence to try learn my first programming language!!
Thank you Coursera..give me  fre course .thnak you soo much .python.every body course..more help.me this coures..thank.you.Coursera..
The method of teaching by professor charles is eccentric and satisfying. I really enjoyed this course and love programming even more.
An extremely attractive and convenient course at my fingertips. Thank you Coursera and the University of Michigan for helping me out.
certainly, one of the best ways to provide knowledge of python. This course is well-structured and also financially aided. Thank you.
It gives you basic knowledge of programming and pythonIt also gives you confidence to code and to pursue it!I strongly recommend it !
Great Course! The professor is great! He's passionate and cute! The content is easy for starters to understand! Strongly recommend :)
This is a very good course! It suits the beginners very well, and I really learn something from it. And I hope to take deep learning!
amazing teacher, material and syllabus. one will learn the basic of python easily and builds up great foundation for coding in python
It is very useful for beginner to learn how to use Python. Lots of videos in this class are deserved to watch for more several times.
good course! very clear instructions with the basic ideas of python, well constructed step by step, fun extend materials after class!
100% recommended,  the instructor explains everything in an easy way with very clear examples; gets you engaged from the first lesson
This is very good course for beginner. I would love to recommend for the people who does not even have any experience in programming.
Outstanding learning with Dr Chuck, Got enormous knowledge and deep dive into python.I will associate to Dr Chuck for further classes
Perfectly Great! I love Dr. Severance so much, for his pretty efficient and funny teaching style! Looking forward to the next course!
I am very proud that I have completed this course and I will complete the whole Specialization. Thanks a lot for this amazing course.
really enjoyed the course, found it easy to understand but still had a feeling of accomplishment every time i finished an assignment.
I liked this course.This course provided me the basic concepts of python swiftly.Moreover i want to have some depth in this language.
Excellent work done by the coursera team.Videos assignments will gonna help a lot to all of the new comers.Wish you all good luck....
I am really indebted to Coursera and University of Michigan for Giving a very good training in Python.Kindly continue this in future.
Great introduction to Python in a very easy to understand way.  This is the best experience I have had with an initial Python course.
This course was an excellent introduction to programming. I learned a great deal and am very appreciative of this course's teachings.
This is my first Coursera course..  The designer makes the course easy to follow and fun to learn.  Thanks Dr. Chuck for a great job.
The course is a great start. The professor really makes it fun to learn and uses good techniques to make concepts easy to understand.
Thanks Charles Severance please keep going with such amazing Courses. What you do is priceless.print ('You are the best')One pythonic
Nice class to start learning programming or to sharpen your early programming skills. Funny teacher too! Five stars for Mr Severance!
This course is fantastic! I've learned a lot about Python programming. This is very simple and well explained, perfect for begginers.
Excellent, it's easy to learn basics about python, the professor lectures are awesome, he is taught us very good and understandable.
His teaching was clear and examples very good.  He taught how basic logic is handled with python code.  Great introduction to Python
I was able to understand each and every topic with guidance of, one of the  best instructor on coursera Dr. Charles. Thankyou Sir!!!
it was a very good course . I learned so much from this course and who wnat to do the coding related course this is one of the best.
Excellent Course for the beginner.  I recommend Dr.Chuck course to everyone who wants to have complete  grip on python fundamentals!
I found the teachers explanations very comprehensive and easy to understand. Overall, a very good way to learn python as a beginner.
It is a good course .The course instructor was so good. I learn lot of things from him and also learn lot of thing from this course.
Excellent course. It was very easy to understand. Dr. Severance is an excellent teacher. He explains everything so clear. Thank you.
Very informative and easy to understand.  I have zero knowledge of computers other than that I have one, so this was perfect for me.
I'm so much happy by doing this course. My interest in learning computer languages has been increased too far. Thank you, Dr.chuck .
It's really an outstanding course for absolutely beginners .It helped me a lot and till now this is my most favourite online course.
This is a great course to start with python or to review basic concepts. Excellent explanation by the instructor. I love each video.
I've learnt the basic things in python.It's very interesting to learn in this platform.I'm curious to learn the next specialization.
it was a really good program, i was able to understand really well and the assignment  which was given was really help full for me .
Extremely easy to follow lectures and examples. Useful exercises and quizzes to hone your understanding. Best way to get the basics.
The instructor is great and he uses examples that anyone can understand, even if you don't have previous knowledge about programming
A very good instructor and he made me realize i can also do coding and that with a good instructor i can also achieve what i want to
Awesome ........Very good manner to express all basic concepts......Besides this,motive to get education for poor comes true here...
Great course! Shows all the basics of Python in an easy and fun way. The Professor is great and keeps you entertained and intrigued.
All thanks and respect to Dr. Charles for the excellent and wonderful explanation

It was my first experience and I will continue it
I really enjoyed doing this course .It was very interesting and knowledgeable.In-fact I was not bored at all.One of the best course.
Superb course, a guy who wants to learn Python from a high quality source should definitely start with this course. Thanks Dr. Chuck
Excellent teacher! Loved and understood every bit of this Course. Loved the explanations, examples, illustrations and small stories.
It was a great learning experience, the instructor of the course, taught the subject very well.  And the exercises were very useful.
Thank you Dr. Charles R. Severance, You are the best instructor I have ever seen. I love you.I enjoyed your class. Thank you so much
Great course for Python beginner.  Explained things from very basic level, teacher is making lesson exciting enough with his humour.
Excellent course for beginners, I used to program a lot a few years back and this was great to give me a good refresh of everything.
Excellent course. The professor clearly explains all the topics and the material provided is well organised. Definitely recommended!
Great Course to start with for someone who does not have a programming background or basic. Sincere thank you from core of my heart.
The course is really friendly to someone who always procrastinates to learn programming (like me). It is intriguing and interesting.
Taking this course was very effective way to refresh some knowledge in topic and must be taken for beginners in Python! Thanks a lot
very well structured and questions are technical. so before u get the certificate, you must have understood 90 percent of the course
Very good instructors. Brilliant use of décor and multimedia for the learner to feel calm and confident while he watches the videos.
Good website design, good material, outstanding instructor, very convenient due to online design, good assignment took, entertaining
This is a really good one! It is useful who beginner and also a good chance for intermediate users who wants to improve their skills
As an absolute beginner, I find this course exceptionally helpful for me to grasp the idea of basic programming and python language.
This gave me a complete overview of the important concepts in python language and encourages me to do further courses in the future.
a fun and impressive course. Learned a lot of fundamental and necessary skills and concepts. makes me interested in Python learning.
Good stuff! Engaging and easy to follow, Dr. Chuck is hilarious and truly makes getting started with Python plausible for everybody.
easy to understand and the learning curve is very gradual for anyone with/without programming background. it is really for everybody
Prof is amazing at explaining concepts in a way that are easy to understand. I've learned a lot and will continue to learn even more
Outstanding Course. Highly recommended for everybody. The instructor is simply superb. Thank you for creating this excellent course.
This course is my  first coursera course and it is so great! I can not wait learning the rest of the courses in this specialization.
The course is really covers all bases required to understand programming at a fundamental level. It is well structured and balanced.
Very well put together, the instructor was easy to listen to and the material really helped grasp the concepts discussed. Recommend!
Brilliant Course with great professor to teach. It's a great way to learn from the people who are masters in their respected fields.
I enjoyed this class. I am very happy because of this. I learnt something new, a have learnt python programming language. Thank you.
A really nice, gentle introduction to programming. I immediately started the second course in this series after completing this one.
Thank you Dr. Chuck and team. It was a wonderful experience to learn the constructs of Python from you.Heading for the next courses.
It's really for everybody.The course is fun, and it's really easy for understand.I love this course,and I'll take the specialization
Course is pitched at a very elementary level--which I liked a lot. Assignments are doable and helpful. Instructor is simply amazing!
As the entry level of the python, it is clearly introduced the basic idea. I feel that it is quite easy to follow all the materials.
Awesome course! Starts off at a beginner level and really guides you through learning python from the ground up. Highly recommended.
The lessons were not too hard and Chuck covered the basics well. It's also good that he mixes in humor so the videos are not boring.
Great course for beginners....and got very clear explanations on the topics by the instructor..had a great experience.... thankyou.
I have really learned a lot from this course. I am really thankful to the teacher for explaining everything in such an easy manner.
Well-managed and taught by Dr Chuck. I enjoyed and learned a lot from this course. I've already enrolled for data structure course.
The course was very understandable and clear. i recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Python as a programming language
Prof Chuck Sevarance is an absolute legend . Thanks a lot to coursera for providing me such a platform to learn python programming.
Super easy and fun course. It's definitely not taking 7 weeks and it's a bit too easy. Kind of hoped to know more after the course.
Dr. Chuck's class is very practical intensive. I had never learnt better how to think from the perspective of a computer this good!
I have learnt a lot , even though i already knew how to do some of these things but I acquired knowledge on how to program properly
Great course.  Easy to follow from a standing start.  Assignments made my brain hurt, but I did work them out (which felt amazing!)
Awesome experience. Its been so good to learn thing step by step. The explanation for each concept helps in reinstate the concepts.
It is an excellent course. The teacher has a great didactic. Easy for whom never learned and wants to know an programming language.
It was actually amazing journey with coursera. I loved the method of learning and then actually implementing what we have learned .
I really like the instructor. I wish to see him in real. He has introduced me to python in a way that I think nobody else could do.
Explanation given by professionals was nice and easily understandable. It is a nice course for beginners who wants to learn python.
The course was great. Instructor of the course kept it professional as well as light and joyful.Overall the course is worth taking!
Excellent Presentation with live example.This course will definitely helpful for the people who are eager to start learning Python.
I like how Dr. Chuck injects humor in his lectures. Any aspiring programmer would really be motivated to learn through his lessons.
Perfect one for a beginner. I wish all courses be like this. And i absolutely love this slytherin proff. Such a cool and wise guy!!
this course is really for everybody. Even a beginners can cope up and the person who knows bit programming will also not get bored.
Very well structured. I read the chapter first, then watched the videos. That made the quizzes and assignments more understandable.
Fantastic! Dr. Chuck, This one is for you-n = 5while n > 0:    print("Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck for being such an amazing instructor")
The amazing engagement of the instructor and very supportive coursework made this course literally a Python course for 'Everybody'.
It was my first course on Coursera(started first).And it was awesome to learn under the instructor.Got the basic element of Python.
Thanks for helping me to learn the basics of python which will be useful for me to learn the advanced level of python. Thanking you
Very easy to follow. Enjoyed doing the exercises. Highly recommended for experienced as well anyone with zero programming knowledge
I started learing programming from python 3 language programming , good course content for every one who want to start from scratch
How the programming languages are work in the computer, and the role of the programmer is well explained.  Very good for beginners.
I enjoyed the course, it is very basic and understandable. I gives the necessary skill for beginners of programming. I had fun here
This course is awesome and I am very happy that I got instructor like Dr. chuck....I learnt thoroughly the concept he teaches us...
This course is so useful for those who want to start learn python programming . The stuff provided here is amazing and useful a lot
instructor is so good ,he make the python so simple and understandingoverall nice if you are a beginner just blindly go head for it
This is a great course and I had a good understanding with my python fundamentals. Explanations of Professor Charles are excellent.
This course helped in really mastering the basics of the programming language through simple but adequate lectures and assignments.
wonderful experience with this course, it really helps to get a basic understanding of python and to learn how fantastic python is.
The course was quite interesting and the instructor was also excellent and funny too,He tried his best to explain us in an easy way
An excellent course for beginners, all content is excellent, without programming knowledge I had learned coding, highly recommended
Nice course. Very clear and crisp to follow up. Thanks alot for the instructor. Will try to enroll in the next level course as well
It was my first online course on coursera. I really enjoyed and learnt about python. and it was not boring as I feel in classrooms.
You never get bored with these lectures.  As the course name 'Getting started with Python', implies  covering the basics of Python.
This professor really knows how to teach the complicated knowledge in a simple way, thank you so much, I really enjoyed the course!
Loved doing this course. The topics are well taught and explained and it helped me learn the control flow of the program in python.
A wonderful introduction to Python Programming. I am looking forward to finishing the remaining four courses in the specialization.
Dr. Charles Severance is an amazing professor. This course is an amazing and it will help you to learn with complete understanding.
Great "getting started" python course.  Teaches you everything you need in order to continue other courses or learning on your own.
The teacher is incredible, charming. Very nice voice and articulation, explains everything in details. Very friendly. Thanks a lot!
I very enjoy this course and I have learned so many basic knowledge of python. Then, I also want to take other courses in Coursera.
The Course material is overall good. Too fundamental if you have previous programming experience; look for something more advanced.
This course was EXCELLENT in its presentation and from my very basic knowledge of Python seems to be give a very good introduction.
The course is designed for beginners in Python - even in programming in general.  Very good approach and well thought of exercises!
Excellent and challenging experience. I had no experience with code when I began this course. I felt success every step of the way.
One of the best course on Coursera ever!All the videos are clear and easy to understand. The teacher explains everything very well.
Really awesome. Newbies who don't know anything about programming language, this is the correct place for you to start programming.
This course is so helpful to all the people no matter they are new to programming. I'm loving every single lectures of this course.
Its a wonderful course for beginners and a good refresher course for intermediates who are switching from other languages to Python
This is one of the best MOOCs  I have ever taken, many thanks for Dr. Charles Severance and the moderators for their great efforts.
A great introduction to programming and python! This course helped me get over my hesitance in coding and built a solid foundation.
Content of is structured and easy to learn. Professor has done a great job in making each concept as easy as possible.Loved it! :-)
Best courses to learn python for anyone. The educator has tried his best to make the course interesting and likable , i enjoyed it.
This course provides everything open course can provides. The course flow is well organized and tutor's explanation is appropriate.
It was an amazing introduction to a newbie. Concepts were being cleared and there was book to read and understand about the course.
This course is an excellent introduction into Python. The professor has a great sense of humor and explains the material very well.
A really great start to understanding python. I would very much recommend this course to anyone looking to get started programming.
amazing explanations, pushes candidate to try hard with clues.program justifies the name "programming for everyboy" cudnt be better
I truly enjoyed the entire course experience, especially the instructor. Happy to start my journey to learning code with Dr. Chuck!
Very good course. Everything is understandable even if you don't have any experience in programming!!Thank you,Charles Severance!!!
Fantastic beginners course that serves as an introduction to programming. Dr Chuck presents in such a way that makes learning easy.
I loved each and every part of this course..thanks to the instructor,university of michigan and coursera for this  amazing course.
A course that should be taken by everyone who is in the engineering and science field. Much to learn but the foundation was smooth
I think this course is very useful for a beginning leaner to get start with python. And I really like the lecturer of this course.
As a complete beginer in programming languages, learning those for, if else, while loops really helped understanting other courses
Great way to learn python but after the course you will need more practice to excel your python skills. Continue to the series :))
Very clear instructions on how to start coding. I really enjoyed each line of code, that I could develop at the end of the course.
The way the instructor explain the material is easy to understand and those exercises undoubtedly help student dealing with python
The course specially the instructors was excellent. I have learnt from this more. I enjoy the whole course with more satisfaction.
Dr. Chuck is a mind-blowing teacher. His teaching style is really exceptional. And at last I want to say a big Thanks to Coursera.
good for those who are new to the world of computer programming.concepts are explained in understandable and simplest way possible
I love the way Dr. Charles teach. He goes through slowly and clearly. Its the only course that made me grew my interest in Python.
A very good course , nicely explained for all the students who wish to start programming and choose python as their first language
Had great experience in learning Python under Charles Severance sir's guidance.Really he is an Amazing Professor.Thanks a lot sir.
A well designed interactive lesson . So comfortable with the new learners that you can distinguish that it is a programming course
Amazing course for absolute beginners!I'm a medical doctor and could easily understand the content!Thank you Dr Charles Severance!
The best course to start with if you want to learn python. Dr. Chuck you are great. The way you teach is the "BEST". Thank you sir
The instructor explained complicated things in such a simple manner. the best instructor I've come across. Thank you so much, Sir.
Really a good approach for beginners. Learnt many good things about python. I would definitely recommend this course to my friends
Instructor was very easy to understand and follow, material broken down in manageable sections, approachable assignment structure.
The one thing I loved the most about this course was how beautifully Prof. Charles Russell explained everything.You are brilliant!
Best for started a new programming language with Dr.chuk. the Best teaching and understanding in whole topics or videos.thank you.
A fantastic course for those who don't know what programming is.  Really, a good choice to start programming with this course :) .
This is a really great introductory course. Topics are well thought out and explained, a great place to start your python journey.
it was a new experience to attend online courses in coursera the teaching was great and i learned about python thanks for coursera
Really great introductory course! There are tons of supplemental material provided and the lectures are succinct and very helpful.
I really enjoyed the course. Solving assignment and quiz was my favorite task. Thank you sir for teaching python in very easy way.
Very well explained. I have tried other beginner courses but somehow those feel like "advance beginners". Enjoyed it a great deal!
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever."This course gives me the feeling like the above quote.
I must say Charles is a very good instructor and this pace of teaching is nice. I am looking forward to next part of this program.
Complete course was FANTASTIC and I enjoyed it as I'm final year student .Coursera helped , as I applied for Financial aid.thanks.
I never expected that i will complete a course in python. Iam from RF domain background , thanks to professor for making me proud.
This is a very helpful course to learn how  python works and how you can implement your programming skills! I really recommend it.
The course is very nice and i recommend the my friends to take this course for there future useTHANKING YOU UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
TAKING THIS COURSE REALLY HELPED ME UNDERSTANDING AND IMPLEMENTING PYTHON BASICS.THANKS TO COURSERA AND DR. CHARLES SEVERANCE SIR.
Amazing Course, the methodologies used by the instructor to get a clear understanding of each of the concepts is really wonderful.
Got a good insight into the basics of programming and introduction to python. Hope to finish more courses from this specialization
Excellent explination, and interesting interviews. Really enjoy it and looking forward to search more courses from Charles Russel.
IT'S A GOOD COURSE FOR STUDYING A PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE. I REALLY LOVE THIS COURSE. I WILL TAKE MORE COURSES IN FUTURE IN COURSERA.
Thank you Charles! It's a really nice course that helps to understand basic things and continue with your free book! Thanks again.
As a fresher in computer language, I found this course so valuable and it gives  you whole insight about the computer programming.
nicely designed course would recommend it to all those who are willing to learn python and even don't have programming background.
The video tutorials are very easy to understand. The way the professor teaches is good and excellent and anybody would understand.
Liked the course. To be fair, I have had some basics known before I took it, however still learned a lot from Prof from Slitherine
The structure of the course was excellent.  Dr. Chuck did a great job of conveying the material, in a relatively entertaining way.
Very good. You can do this course even if you have no programming back ground. Very slow and relaxed pace. Lays a good foundation.
Trust me, you will be glued to the video lectures - thanks to prof. Charles Severance and his interesting technique of teaching :)
it was awesome,concepts are pretty good and faculty is just amazing.Had a nice learning and hope to continue with upcoming courses
It is a very good course for those who want to learn the basic concepts in python so as to build strong foundation in programming.
Great course to get started on Python. After completing this course I'm confident to dive deeper into Python and write code in it.
This course helps me build the fundamental and solid knowledge of Python, I would like to recommend this course to my friends. ^ ^
Good introductory course. Quite easy if you have programming experience, but still worth it to see how everything works in Python.
Difficult topics are explained in a very simplified and easy-to-understand manner. Can't imagine any improvements. Perfectly done.
Thanks to Great teacher Charles Severance,  it was a very useful and informative course. Nice point to start learning programming.
Excellent course. I would highly recommend this for anyone with no programming knowledge, as a good starting point. I learnt lots!
Great Course. Great Instructor. Explanation and examples are clear and to the point. Quizzes and assignments are fair and helpful.
This course provides some basic information for the beginners, it is really a good start for a newbie like me in the Python world.
I was new to Python. With the guidance of Prof. Severance I am able to learn the basics of Python. Many Thanks to Prof. Severance.
It is a very good course for beginnners . I have proramming experinece but i wanted to learn python and this was the right choice.
The classes are awesome, good material and the teacher is very good. I recommend for everyone that want to learn python from zero.
Great teacher, easy to follow course, goes from basic step by step to more elaborated basic structures. What else can you ask for?
Great course.  This is my second Python course and I was taking it as a refresher and learned new ways of approaching programming.
It was the best introduction to Python that I had made. Very simple to understand and to follow, with an excellent teacher. Thanks
This course is a great start for learning programming in python. Its easy for everyone to learn as no prior knowledge is required.
A great introduction. Clear, helpful, thorough and really focusses on understanding the underlying principles. Great teacher, too!
The teacher is great, and the course is made as simple as possible so that really everybody can begin their programming adventure!
Good instructor, his teaching way is excellent and course content provided by coursera is very helpfull for student and begineer.
I would like to take more courses taught by the University of Michigan instructors. They are wonderful in delivery course content
its a very good course for beginners to learn python programming.cover all the basics concepts .challenging assignments  are good
It was a great experience! Learnt new things. If one is new in the world of programming , one must enroll oneself in this course.
It was a worthwhile course.  Very good introduction to basic programming. Hope that next sessions are created in the same manner.
Excellent course for beginners with little or no knowledge of programming. Professor Dr. Chuck makes programming look effortless.
I loved the course and the instructor and his way to teach.I would love to join others course by the instructor and the institute
I am literally daydreaming on how much I can express my ideas through code in such a free setup such as Python!! Love you, Chuck!
Everything was presented in a very easy and organized manner, that it is easy to understand everything very well in the first go.
being a mechanical engineer, learing a basic of python helped me gain more knowledge and more interset on it , thank you coursera
Actually I don't except that I can do and complete this course much earlier. I am planning to do a specialization in this course.
It was a nice class and I really enjoyed the way of teaching of the instructor and thanks a lot for teaching the course to me sir
excellent explanation starting with how computers in general work and continues with a great & fun intro to python & programming!
This course is really helpful! Made me exercise my brain to solve problems and remember whatever coding techniques I am learning.
Great teaching which can step by step to follow from 0 code backgroundFor the assignment is a bit difficult which need you think!
Great course for learning the basics of python.Thanks to Charles Sir who make me understand the control flow of python so nicely.
Thank you very much for the beautiful and very useful course
And the first thanks to the professor from whom I learned many, many
Best course Ever.Student Friendly environment. University of Michigan helps me a lot to gain a new skill.I finally thank Dr.Chuck
Great for beginners that want to expand their skills especially in this upcoming highly demanded field of Information Technology.
It was really great explanation for beginners. If you don't know anything about Python and programming, hurry to take that course
The explanation was very clear and examples were enough to understand the concept. Excellent course for beginners in programming.
This is amazing... I really learn a lot from it and thank you so much for giving this opportunity.. I'm really grateful to you...
This course is just perfect for a Python beginner belonging to any field. Thank you very much for offering such a helpful course.
Amazing course. I am already fluent in java so the logic aspect was not very hard. I just took the course to reinforce my syntax.
The professor is really great; the way he makes you understand concepts and the way he teaches i really had a great time learning
This course was designes to understand the basics of python very well.The learning experience has been indulging and interesting.
Very good for beginner level. I learned Pascal and C++ in the university already so this was a very good beginners course for me!
Thank you Charles Russell Severance sir to giving us the best knowledge and am lucky to taking this great full knowledge from you
as it mentioned this course is suggested to every body.great experience with the programming and created interest on programming.
For starters on programing  one of the best course and you will be able to proram by your self after the completion of the course
Nice explanation with the good amount of content and the best exercises along with the good quizes.Thanks for such a nice course.
Loved  the experience, Professor gave an indepth information about everything and it was really good to be a part of this course.
A efficient course  to learn the basics very smoothly . i specially liked all the interview sessions they were very inspiring too
This course is very useful, because all the materials used and the method of teaching are very helpful. Also, very easy to learn.
Mr. Charles Russell Severance  your teaching style is awesome. I really enjoy this course. Thanks for this wonderful course...!!!
Best course ever!  Being a beginner in python this course helped  me to learn python easily and write a program of up to 50 lines
Very structured, clearly explained course. After this I want to learn more about python programming, especially from Dr. Chuck :)
first of i want to say thank you to Dr. chuck .he is good instructor.and also much thankfull to him for making interest in python
Outstanding Course, Very Knowledgeable and amazing teacher. I learned alot. Learned how to make a small program to solve queries.
Amazing course. Way of teaching is also awesome. Overall it was very nice experience. Thank you Coursera and thank you Mr. Chuck.
Great course I really enjoyed the python programming The assignments and quiz were amazing and fun to do.Thank you for the course
An excellent insight into Python. Very good explnations and very useful examples. No doubt I will follow the next part as well...
this is the best program for programer they learning python.  and thank you for giving me this opportunity to coursera thank you.
Excellent , very well-paced and structured course for beginners wishing to learn Python. Dr. Severance is a wonderful instructor!
Charles Russell Sir, making Python easy as it could be. As mentioned in the name "Programming for everybody" they really mean it.
Pretty excellent course, teaches from scratch, i am civil engineer by profession and learning python as to increase my skill set.
I am very honoured to learn from Prof. Charles Russell Severance and this course will definitely be helpful in career .Thank You.
Good course with a good instructor. Very clearly explained and the course is laid out well. I really enjoyed the bonus materials.
This was an excellent course. It was ideal for people like myself who have no formal training in computer science or programming.
Built very nicely. Very good course for someone who is new to coding//python. Also liked the amount of duration's for each video.
Hats off to instructor for making this course so simple yet so effective! Respect! And his sense of humor is icing on the cake :)
The instructor is passionate, and gives a good context beyond the technical aspects of the course. And the staff is very helpful!
I thought this was an outstanding course.  It was easy for me to follow along and I hadn't taken a programming course in 15 years
this is an excellent course! The professor is nice and the course material is really helpful. I had learned a lot from the course
Great course and the professor was wonderful and interesting. Learned the basic Python and hopefully I will continue learning it.
Charles is a really good professor. It's so nice to have a programming teacher that speaks clear and uses technology efficiently.
Great course to start Python. Everything you need to get it started, with good PPT, sample codes and sufficient practice. Love it
The best course I have ever done in coursera. Dr Chuck is amazing, his way of teaching is absolutely clear and super interesting.
Beautiful course ,students beginning to learn python i learnt a lot from the course recommend it anyone who wants to learn python
I loved the instructor teaching style and I highly recommend this course for starting with python programming, I am very thankful
I really enjoyed this course, classes weren't too long so that was good, and the professor makes everything quite understandable.
Brilliant Course. Charles made it very easy to understand and follow. I particularly liked his playfulness.Regards,Amith Bhanudas
Excellent course with in depth explanations. It is well structured. It learn me to programming from very basics to optimum level.
It's a great course for learing ython as the beginner.The content as well as the exercise for the pratice are good for learning .
This course is awesome and i got to know the basics of Python and why Python and how Python. Thank you for this wonderful course.
The course is useful and very clear for beginners, it aims to explain what is the type of reasoning behind the programming!Thanks
Amazon professor. Very well organized and structured course. Highly recommended if you are a beginner or want to remember Python.
special thanks to Dr chuckAnd a request for office hours in INDIA.May be I will get a chance to meet him.I will be very thankful.
One of the best courses on Python! Thanks to Dr. Chuck and his team as well as Coursera to make this happen. Very well structured
This course is Awesome.. It starts with the basics and gives you a very clear idea about the python. Dr. Chuck is a great tutor..
severance is a one of best educator so far i came through in online mode of teaching, thank you sirlove from Bangalore.....India
It is great for folks who have never done any coding. I appreciate that the instructor goes into the minute details of the code.
It is a good chance for me to understand how python works and it relighted my enthusiasm for study after working for many years.
just a cool doctor is teaching me a new language that I had nothing to know about feeling excited to get the 4 remaining courses
It was great learning Python with Dr. Chucks.I was also a thorough beginners course for Python.Thank you coursera and Dr. Chucks
i was afraid of writing codes at first, but dr.chuck's teaching technique is amazing and now i can write codes much more easily.
well explanation by the instructor .i am really happy with this course. i got lot more knowledge about python Thank you coursera
Good easy course. I used to struggle with for, while, iterating loops but because of the course materials I now understand them.
It's a great course. It has built my interest in python. Thank you! Dr.Chuck for the great efforts you have made for this class.
It was a great course for a beginner. The Instructor Dr. Chuck was very Enthusiastic.The content and the exercise was very Nice.
This was a great course for beginner in programming, the course materials is easy to understand and the lecture explains it well
This course is very useful for beginners to learn more about python and gain some more knowledge . Thank you for the instructors
I really enjoyed the course a lot. Dr. Charles is a really fun teacher and there was never a point when i did not listen to him.
the instructor was pretty clear about how to teach someone having zero knowledge about python. awesome course and the instructor
Excellent course with a brilliant Professor! I would surely recommend this course to anyone trying to learn Python from scratch.
Great! profession is trying to use very clear, understandable lungurage to explain everything about python fundamental statement
I enjoyed learning a completely new concept for me because the instructors clear and detailed lectures and other side materials.
Very good teacher, everything was straightforward, easy to understand and very good didactic.i'm very satisfied with the course.
The lectures were so interesting, entertaining, and understandable!! Loved taking this class! I wish I could meet the professor!
I learn many things from this course. The system is to much good for every learning student. I am so happy to learn many things.
A very informative course on python, it's a very informative course for beginners,onecan get all basic information about python.
Best instructor I have ever come across in online courses. Thank you so much for clearing my basics and hope to meet you soon.:)
I was very much excited about the course and I found it as my requirement. I will also recommend my friends to take this course.
simply the best. u are so good and i really like the way you teach sir. u helped me understand soo much and i really am thnakful
Very good platform form study online.The way of teaching of Dr. Chuke is really awesome .My basic knowledge of python increases.
The course gives an overview of python programming for beginners. However I would recommend students to also refer some textbook
Python for Everybody course was wonderful, I learned many new things from this course, it helped me to get start with the coding
Entry level faculty, I am speechless that python3 is so interesting, Dr. Chuck made it very easy... print(' Dr. Chuck is Great')
Best way to get started with learning python without any prior knowledge of any programming language at all, highly recommended.
The course material was well designed. The instructor is a wonderful teacher and he could simplified the contents of the course.
The instructor explains concepts very clearly. This course is very suitable for people who don't have background on programming.
well all credits goes to our teacher(instructor) he is such a brilliant person really best teacher in this worldTHANKS A LOT SIR
This course is excellent for the students who is from non technical background as well as good for technical background students
Really a great experience. The whole course was explained crystal clear. Professor chuck is an amazing person and teaches great.
I truly enjoyed this course.   Charles made it so simple to understand and he break it into small chunk so it is easy to absorb.
Excellent course. Give a basic understanding of python from scratch. The teaching methodologies of the teacher are the very best
it was good experience taking this course it is worthy of time i don not have prior knowledge about programming it clear my idea
Excellent course for beginners in programming! The professor is super charismatic and is able to explain things in a simple way.
Brilliant Teaching, I would really recommend this course if you are about to start from scratch irrespective of your background.
Amazing course with very good excercies! Its a very good refresher course for developers who use python on and off. A must do...
Good walkthrough of the concepts and clear explanation.  Suitable for non-comp science engineers and other non-technical people.
its very good and interactive online course..This course helped me alot  as I m very beginner in programming...thanks o coursera
Great introduction to Python. Assumes no prior programming knowledge. Course material was easily completed on a part time basis.
Covers the very basics without much complication. I had previous experience programming so it was more about learning the syntax
Wonderful experience with this course. Learn the basics of python and willing to take other courses also to get adept at Python.
Great introduction to Python - easy to understand.  Highly recommended for anybody trying to launch their career as a developer.
if u want to start with programming basics,no matter whether you know about anything in programming.U should go for this course.
Exceptional introduction to Python, perfect for beginners. Not terribly valuable to someone who has experience with programming.
I really liked the way Prof Chuck takes the time to explain the simplest of things and leaves you to do the more difficult part!
I really enjoyed how the content of this course was mapped out! It seemed to build off of itself nicely as the chapters went on.
I love this course and the way that Dr Chuk teaching. He is very funny and completely understandably . 5 Stars! I learned a lot!
Perfect for beginners, I am highly recommending. I have no initial idea about Phthon but after this course I can write programs.
Really enjoyed the course. Was easy to manage along with my current schedule and the course material is very easy to understand.
It was an awesome experience of learning Python as a beginner through realistic examples with fun and a comfortable environment.
Very nice to participate. Starts fairly simple and moves on to a bit more complex. But the way it is set up helps you get there.
Excellent course, It truly introduces you to programing with Python in a very clear and dynamic way. Excellent professor aswell!
Great course, interesting, making you build your own code from the beginning, it is fascinating when you create something useful
Thank you for that wonderful course, it contains really useful information about python and how to use it in various situations!
Fantastic course for a refresher on the basic concepts of programming in python.  Really enjoyed it and cannot wait to continue.
Really great class, it was super easy to follow, and I feel like I actually learned a lot that I will be able to retain. Thanks!
It is really a good class which makes me feel like coursera. Hope to learn more from coursera. Thanks for provide this platform.
I've tried to learn python and other basic coding languages a number of times and this is the first time it actually gripped me.
That is a very useful course for those who just start programming in any language. I really enjoyed it and passed it fast enough
A great starter course for people with no coding background. I loved the teachers's fun filled approach to teaching programming.
It really helped me to get the catch of the things. Would recommend though to shift to python 3.6 as most of the editors use it.
dr chuck is truly awesome,he is surely a great teacher and fun to learn from it's been my privilege that he was my teacher...(y)
great course. if you already know how to program in other languages, this course will make the transition very smooth  and easy.
I'm taking all four courses of this and the Capstone. I absolutely love this course and Charles Severance is an amazing teacher!
Dr. Charles Severance's course is very clear, organized and easy to understand. This a a very good material for Python starters.
The way this course is structured is really great which helps persons form non programming background to get involved and learn.
Great lessons. Appreciate the efforts taken by Professor to gather the data and create a learning material of such high quality.
Very good coverage of the basic concepts.Is very useful for beginning programmers.One of the best courses I have ever completed.
Easy to understand explanations. Fun lectures. Super good intro to Python. The browser tool for programming is also a big plus.
Super helpful! Super easy and encouraging to get started for all beginners without any experience in python / computer science!
it is a really good course even for people that know python. for 2 days everyone can freshen up their knowledge  of the basics.
The course is very good and interesting also.It is very helpful for the people who are learning programming in the basic level.
excelent. I have learned the basics of python even when the course was teached in other language that is not my mother language
i love dr. chuck! he is such a great mentor for me. I love the way he teach me also he seems to be nice in front of camera haha
This course is one of the best course I have ever taken. The instructor teaching method is outstanding and everything is clear.
Excellent course for beginners. I feel the classes are very nice, well explained, easy to follow. The instructor is incredible.
Amazing concepts and very nice slides and topics, clearance of every concept and the lecturer explaining every bit is too good.
It's a great course to learn the basics of programming. All the course materials are great and practices are quite challenging.
It's not my first programming language to learn but it is the first time I enjoy learning a programming language. Thanks a lot!
The way the course instructor handled this introductory course with ease and understandability is amazing. Loved learning this.
This has been one of the most practical, clear and fruitful course online a have ever takenThank you very much for all the team
Absolutely great class. I recommend to read the book and work on the exercises there before starting each week. it helps a lot.
Dr.Chuck is a very good instructor and the way of his teaching is excellent and easy to understand..!!!Thank you Sir (Dr Chuck)
Dr. Chuck is the best teacher who have  taught  python and i would to learn more from them and hope to meet them in near future
It was very useful to me. I aim to complete the full specialization course and have a great experience and proceed to my career
i love the way sir explained everything. He makes the things so easy. this is my first experience of coding and i am so happy .
I highly recommend this course to both programmers and non-programmers interested in Python and computer science more generally
This is one of the best course that i have encountered ever ,instructor mr. Charles teach all the things so easily and clearly.
This course was very useful for me. I understood the basics of programming. Really, i love the way of delivering the knowledge.
Very good instructor and I never done python programming before but after enrolling this course I learnt something good from it
It was a wonderful course that thought me basics of python during this time of pandemic. thank you Coursera for the initiative.
I really enjoyed this course. It's a very good way to enhance your coding skills. Very beneficial for the begineers. Thank You.
The course was for me nice introduction to programing world. I can really recommended it for everyone who want to learn Python.
It's a very good course. The course starts with a really basic syllabus. Anyone with no coding knowledge can start this course.
it was an amazing course! I really liked the content and its structure way of doing this. Also, Dr. Charles was great teacher..
Fantastic first experience with Python. Classes were really designed for beginners and they were easy to understand and follow.
This course is basically very friendly for the new learners who wants to start the python learning especially for the beginners
Exceptionally content-driven course taught in very engaging way. I would highly recommend to someone who is new to programming.
Best Instructor i have ever seen. He teach us so easily with great gesture and funny expression. Really i am totally impressed.
Excellent to start from zero. May be needs just a little more programing exercises, but just a little. Thank you! very helpful!
Great class and a great professor! Really well explained from the beginning and accessible without any knowledge of programming
I am new in the world of programming and I think the course was very approachable.  I got interested in programming. Thank you.
I really learned a lot from this course. It really helped me develop interest in coding! The instructor is extremely excellent!
1.he has a funny way of teachin2.he knows what he is doing.3.he knows mindset of students.4.he uses interesting variable names.
I have no programming experience (but familiar with excel), this is a great class to know the basics! Really beginner-friendly.
Excellent start! Week 1 was impacting - good introduction to Python, in additional to the professor's knowledge of the subject.
Courses are of great help to non-professional students. Unfortunately, there are no Chinese subtitles in the follow-up courses.
Dr. Chuck's teaching skills are amazing. It was a fun to listen his lectures. Assignments are real learning experience as well.
Its a really good intro to python, you can go at your own pace which i love, and learn as quickly as you want.  I love coding!!
Great course to learn about Python, especially for beginners. Highly recommended to anyone who's interested in learning Python.
Excellent program for all the beginner of Python. Each topic is covered thoroughly and you can master this language in no time.
Very vivid and detail instruction of teaching basic knowledge and application of python. Highly recommended for beginner level.
Great course! You not only learn how to code but will gain understanding of how programming works! Instructor is clear and fun!
Well explained and enjoyable course.  I have never done programming before this and this was very enjoyable and easy to follow.
Very nice professor with a good command over language. Explains everything from basic which makes the course very easy to learn
Grate course! Please refer to the fact that there are new python version coming now and then. I could download the newest only.
Clearly explained with plenty of extra aids available if the homework is difficult or previously taught subjects are forgotten.
Wonderful education experience.. Great course!Up to the point with step-by-step procedures for the info to sink into the brain!
its the best course i have seen.the way of teaching and the website user interface if fabulous and it motivates to move forward
it is a really a good course. the test is a little tricky. but it is fun. When you finish it, you will feel a sense of success.
Excellent Course to get started with learning python. Watch-out for interesting interviews and tidbits in between the chapters.
Coursera is the best learning centre for begineers.I do recommend people to use coursera to pursue their courses required!!!!!!
It is my first time to get in touch withPython and this course is really helpful for me to realise the Python basic. Thank you!
Such an amazing introduction to fudemantal python using!!! It really arosed my interest of studying programming further more!!!
Very useful for the complete beginner. Instructor goes at a slow pace, and uses simple terms and analogies to explain concepts.
A new interest in programming has evolved in me. I would suggest everyone who finds programing difficult to attend this course.
excellent course for biginners, you learn almost everything just by watching the videos and doing assignments. Thank you a lot!
been doing som selfstudie up until now but this really puts the content in a context in a whole other way then codeacademy etc.
Thanks to this course I liked programming in Python. Basics were very Clearly explained and I could make interesting exercises.
The teaching approach is nice and followable.The course materials are understandable.It's provides a good basis in programming.
This course gave me the basics about Python. Wonderfull presentation! And I would like to thank Coursera to make this possible.
thank you very much for this guidance... it is indeed a helpful tutorial.. helped me a lot to understand  the basics of Python.
Nice foundamental class for Python. I strongly recommend everyone who wants to learn Python to take part in this awesome class.
Really useful to all those who are just starting to learn python as well as to those who want to brush up their basic concepts.
Material well presented. The exercises/assignments were relevant and challenging enough to help in grasping the course content.
This course is excellent. It's my first course in coursera. I like professor Chuck very much. Really enjoy taking the lectures.
Thank you Dr. Chuck.  I ran away from programming all my life but this course really got me interested in programming.  Thanks.
I am halfway through the course and I am really enjoying it. The teacher is great and uses effective methods to explain things!
Dr. Chuck is an amazing and enthusiastic teacher. I was so engrossed in the course that I managed to complete it in a few days.
great way to introduce and simple ways to learn the basics of the language. recommended for all none programmers to start with.
Excellent course. The course was both fun and educational and I would like to thank the professor especially for being so cool!
Even through videos, Professor Severance is engaging, informative, and fun. He made the information relatable and interactive.
Thank You, Coursera for making this wonderful course available for free for all students. It was a great leaning experience.!!
This is a very good course to introduce into the world of programming, with an all well described syntax by the Mr. Professor.
its damn good I love the courses what they thought us but please give few more practical so we can understand very much better
Everything was explained thoroughly and not too fast. Exercises were quite interesting. Overall, I indeed enjoyed this course.
Excellent teacher and course! Easy to follow. This is my first step with python. Looking forward to learning more in Coursera!
He is the best teacher everi feel so good that i completed this course and i got a chance to learn form him thank you coursera
Learn lot through this course about python basics . Learned conditional statements loops and many more throughout this course.
This course was really helpful for me to gain more knowledge about Python programming.Thank you sir for this wonderful course.
Great introduction to python and making the basic building blocks, vocabulary and especially loop logic so easy to understand.
One of the best course on coursera. Thank you for this course and special thanks to instructor Mr. Charles Russell Severance:)
Truly an amazing course if you're a beginner to computer programming, and you're excited to learn this amazing language Python
It is such an awesome course. I like the way of Dr. Chuck's teaching. And I am looking forward to another course by Dr. Chuck.
Absolutely enjoyed this course and instructors way of teaching is just phenomenal. Perfect course to start with as a begineer.
this was such an opportunity to learn programming, although it was not that easy but thanks from the heart for that nice time!
Excellent course. Dr. Charles' method and style of teaching is very intriguing, will definitely continue with the next course.
Strongly recommended for beginner. Easy and engaging video lectures with good questions to practice the skills you will learn.
I had no interest in programming , but then after I took up the course, I went reallly deep into it.Thanks to the instructor:)
I love this course. I don't have experience programming, but I could understand the main concepts when you want to use python.
It was a lovely experience. I learned a lot from it n Dr. Chucks teaching methodology is extra ordinary... Loved the course...
it was very good for beginners to improve their skills computer language.thank you so much for us providing these opportunity.
I think the courses provided by this platform are very excellent , the level of assignments was good and they cover all basics
The course content is really good and the instructor of course explained everything in a nice and understanding way. Loved it.
This was really an amazing experience. The course content and exercises are really intresting and helped me to  learn more. <3
A lot of things i learned in this course. But i'm going to finish all the courses and will be the fully learn the programming.
this course is just perfect for beginners , i love it , thank you so much sir , it just proves anybody can learn programming .
The course material was and instructor was awesome explained the little things with details and not making them too complex...
Absolutely a wonderful course for programming. I would like to recommend it for all who wants to know the logic of programming
The great course especially for novice programmers like myself. During this time of COVID-19, this is the best use of my time.
Amazing teaching skills.The course has gone slowly and steadily.Really helpful for people who want to start python programming
Great course to get started with a new programming language. Also got more challenging towards the end, keeping it interesting
It is an excellent course i didn't study this course anywhere before thank you for the whole team.i 'm really glad to you all.
This course was very informative and I learnt a lot from this course..if you are python beginners then you have to go for it..
This is my first online course and I'm very satisfied about all I learned i I'll keep going. This is great and it helps a lot.
This course provides basic knowledge about Python and the instructor go through it in a very gentle and easy way to follow up!
Professor is so charming and intelligent that I literally infatuate with this lesson.See you guys on the next class.Way to go.
great teacher. I learn many things from him. Now i am going to improve my skills using python by learning different languages.
This course is very helpful for beginners. They can able to build their base very strongly if they learn this course properly.
Prof Charles Severance is the best python teacher I've ever seen ..I could rate this course more than fiveReally thanks to him
Great course!! Very well structured, appropriate level of difficulty and the professor is simply amazing! Thank you very much!
Good course. I have no background on programming before but the instructor explains every steps slowly and clearly. Thank you.
It is really good to learn a programming language from the begining, totalitally recommended. Great teacher and good material.
Thanks for giving me a great python programming language introduction.I'm  improve my skill to this course .Thank you coursea.
This is really a great course which helps me get started with Python. It minimizes the fear of python and fosters my interest.
A little bit easy for someone who has some programming experience. Hopefully I could learn more in the next series of courses.
Instructor was really a good person. It literally helps new student to get skills in python and an achieve things using python
The way of expressing concept by Instructor that totally changed my way of thinking,sound very lucky to be part of this course
My first course in Coursera is finished, and it's also a beginning of my studying in here. Thanks Coursera and Dr.Chuck a lot.
This is the one of the best course i ever attended. The examples and explanation during the course was really helped me a lot.
The lessons made sense, the assignments were challenging enough that it felt good when you were finally able to complete them.
Truly a brilliant piece of course to understand the basics of Python and to get started to with Python. Thanks to Dr. Chuck !!
Great course! Very well run with excellent video examples. Level was just right for a beginner when it comes to python coding.
I'd programming experience and to be honest this course is amazing, really concise and Mr. Charles is amazing teaching python.
Its great experience with charles.He has a good teaching skills with a added humor of him which doesn't make the series dully.
Its a great course, because of the great teacher - learned alot from it with no programming experience in the past. Thank you!
the course explain this language on a very fundamental level so you can learn Python with least background knowledge possible.
It is a very good Python course for those start from almost 0. Hope there are some other courses which leads to higher levels.
Highly recommend this course to beginner, especially for the assignments, which are not too easy or too  tough for a beginner.
One of the best courses I have taken in my study time.Thank you so much Dr.Chuck ! I specially wanna thank Coursera . Cheers !
The best course for the Python! For me, as the beginner in programming it is very useful and understandable lectures and book.
Very nice and clear. If you haven´t hot any experience in programming this is an excellent course. It really is for everybody.
Excellent course, Prof Chuck is awesome at teaching. It made me open my eyes towards the world of programming. Thanks a tonne!
Great introduction, the professor is excellent. Very easy to follow and understand, I look forward to the more complex topics.
Cutest teacher I've ever met. For novices this is definitely the one you should start with. I'm glad that I chose this course.
Excellent course! I would highly recommend to anyone interested in learning python who has never had coding experience before.
This is a great course. I am novice to programming, now I understand the basics of programming. Will continue with next course
Great way to get started at programming again - I have done it in the past and this course really helped me start to catch up!
Well taught Course !! Good Work Sir. A Big Thanks for helping me to understand the basics for Python programming very clearly.
Good introduction to python programming and Dr Chuck is just so enthusiastic - makes me laugh even while learning programming!
I complete this very easily , this is only possible due to the support of mentors.Thank you to all the mentors for their help.
The course was really great only because of my mentor and his teaching methods I loved learning for the first time in my life.
Great course for a beginner. It is well organized and presented in a way that is designed to make you learn and be successful.
Thank you so much for such a beautiful course for beginners. Special thanks to teacher and his team for excellent explanation.
The course is basic but very useful. Anyone who doesn't have an idea about python can learn easily. Thank you for the course.
This course is good for the beginners, but as I'm not a beginner I complete the course just by doing assignments and quizzes.
This course helped me a lot in learning basic python coding.I really like the way professor Chuck teaches.Thank you so much!!
I get a lot of this from this. I really thanks to Coursera and University of Machinegen for providing such a valuable course.
very nice，this course is the best choice for a rookie in python to start,and Dr.Chuck explain things very vividly and clearly
Very good explanation, I once studied Java and by learning through this course, I can see how Python is possible to learn too
I am very much happy about this course .He is like masterpiece in teaching programing ,THANK YOU sir Charles for your effort.
Amazing course . Each detail is covered . The instructor is very good at his work making us understand each topic thoroughly.
I loved the course because that's just what I was looking for. The explanations are clear and flexibly adapt to my daily life
Great Course! It walks you through all the necessary knowledge and helps you undertand the basics of programming with python.
It's a really great experience learning Python with Mr.Charles Cleverance. He is such a enthusiast and explains in a easy way
Charles Severance has really simplified the basic concepts of Python Programming in a very simple yet in an excellent manner!
Explanation of Python by Charles Russell Severance is quite fantastic. Simple and Learner-friendly course. Thanks and Cheers!
I found the course to be informative and interactive. The instructor did a good job, in conveying relevant information to me.
Thank you so much for providing this amazing course. I had a great learning experience of python language through this course
Highly Recommended Man!Such a good course. loved it.You can get your basics strong in a very interesting and interactive way!
Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor. This was my very first Massive Open Online Course enjoyed it a lot thank you Dr. Chuck!
This course is just fantastic. The teaching has been performed well. Weekly assignments and quizzes helped enhance my skills.
I REALLY ENJOYED GOING THROUGH THIS COURSE WITH THE PROFESSOR HOW TAUGHT IT.ENJOYED THE CONTENT AND THE WAY IT WAS PRESENTED.
I like this course, this is the first time to learn from Coursera . And know who create Python he is greater one of the world
This course covers the most basic concepts required to learn python. The presentation and the concepts are clear and helpful.
Introduce a very tool, ATOM, for Python coding with fundamental concept which is very important and essential for new comers.
its good for clearing the basics of programming and python.There will be still lot of work to do after completing this course
This course is helpful to learn python to beginners. i have completed my course its too good.i think everyone do this course.
before starting this course i was a beginner. And now days i know much more things through this ..Thank You sir AND  Coursera
Teaching in this way is so great that students all around the world can learn efficiently. Chuck is really a good  teacher!!!
You must seriously take this course, especially if you are looking forward to learning Python from the very basics.Thank You!
very nice explanation.majorly it focuses on how to make evryone to do programming.it really apt for name python for everybody
Excellent course. I really enjoyed how the material was presented and the practice labs to put the information into practice.
Great Course to learn python and it's basics. I learn so many new things in this course. Thank  You, Michigan and Dr Charles.
its amazing taught by  mr Chuke.this couser is really good for beginners who want to make career in python.thanku so much sir
The videos and worked exercises are extremely helpful. It would be great to incorporate bonus exercises for further practice.
A good introduction to programming. I think the assignments could have been more difficult. Nonetheless an awesome experience
This is really awesome ,Thank you for you dedication, organization, enthusiasm and hard work. You are an inspiring professor.
Awesome course! Best for the people who don't have any knowledge of programming.Piece of cake for people who know programming
This course is too good, experience is similar sitting in the classroom. Thanks to Coursera and wonderful instructor Charles.
This is a great course for beginners in programming. May be too basic for people who have previous experience in programming.
Great course! I wanted to learn Python in a logical and ordered form and this course gave me all of those! Thanks, Dr. Chuck!
Charles Sir is a wonderful teacher and love the creative way in which he teaches. The reference to Hogwarts was just amazing!
I really like that the information density in this course is not high.
If parts where going to slow I could speed up my self.
This course is really designed and helpful for people with no programming background. Really good course to take if anyone is
Best course I have taken on Coursera, The exercises teaches you the practical skills necessary to program in python language.
The last assignment took me some time to figure out but I finally got the result with what was taught in the course. Love it!
Good introduction course to Python, the exercises are tricky enough to make you think twice before being able to complete it.
Thank You ,your Course materials makes so easy to learn a new programming language.This is best platform  to learn new course
Very nice course, very interactive and easy to understand. Lecturer is to say the least full or humor and makes learning fun.
Excellent. Very easy to follow, brilliant teacher, can explain everything even to somebody without any programming background
I am new to programming and this course has helped me to understand well the concepts of Python programming. Thanks Dr.Chucks
Great class for programming starter. Professor is having a lot of sense of humor.  Mentors are very active and supportive. :)
Great teacher and easy to follow, detailed examples. More assignments or answers to exercises from the book would be helpful.
Great course! Worked with Python a bit before joining. Despite it's beginner's orientation still picked up some nice tidbits.
It's truly for beginners! It was so much fun with Dr. Chuck. I signed up for the next class right after I fininshed this one.
Teacher's lectures are very well done. Good explanations, even for someone who is mildly experience with programming already!
Great Course, Professor is great Human being. Thank you sir for such a good course. best course for beginners in programming.
An excellent introduction to the Python programming. It is a very good start for those who do not have programming knowledge.
I like the way the professor selects real world examples to explain code. I am sure I would enjoy the course and learn a lot.
This is perfect for an absolute newbie like me. It guides you through but at the same time teaches you to think for yourself.
Its a very nice course , And Instructor Charles Russell Severance is One of the Best teacher , and his Teaching is very well
It is an excellent course to introduce the language to a begginer programmer. Look forward to diving into the second course.
A must go through course for beginners and all details and concepts are cleared to the ground depth. Enjoyed Learning A Lot.
This course is very useful for everyone because here we learn the basis of python . Also, the way of teaching is excellent .
A very good course for all people (Even who are new to programming world) to do from basics. Good work by Dr. chuck and Team
Excellent class for people who have never programmed before. Instructor is engaging and videos are interesting and detailed.
The instructor is really nice and has a very good way to get my attention and to make feel capable of programming. Congrats.
The course is very basic, however this is good if you want learn python without previous experience. Professor is very good.
First of all thank you coursera!keep supporting :)this course is very helpfuli strongly reccomend this course for beginners.
I literally had never used Python before. It was really easy to follow. You made this course doable and enjoyable. Thank you
The course instructor can make people understand anything complicated with ease. I thoroughly enjoyed completing the course.
Dr. Severance is an amazing professor! He made everything easy to understand and emphasized the important points! thank you!
this course was very awesome for and not only for me ,I think this course is helpful for all python begineers.... THANKS SIR
This was really helpful for getting an idea  about the basics of  python language. The way the instructors teach is so good.
I love the way it was presented. Very easy to follow and understand. Thank you. I hope the scope expanded to advanced level.
i really loved this course i did  complete this course in pendamic of covid and it was easy  for anyone who take this course
I found its very easy to follow and understand the concept ... especially the presentation of Me Charles... its mind blowing
This course is very understandable also whom never have  programing before. The teacher is excellent and use very good tool.
Really appreciate Sir Charles Russel's hard work, and I'm really thankful of Coursera for providing me the Python knowledge.
Absolutely, best course for those students who want to learn from scratch I'll recommend further on to universities too 👌👍
It is an outstanding course to learn the basics of python programming and makes one eager to get into the programming world.
This course Python for everybody is very interesting as Prof.Charles makes  you understands every basic and you will love it
The main interests that made me to complete course was quizzes & programming playground.Enjoyed learning. Thank you Coursera
Perfect for beginners in python and it is recommended to complete all the courses offered by this course to understand fully
Very powerful course specially for those who do not have programming background , and for those keen something new ofcourse.
This course is absolutely amazing! Professor Dr. Chuck is an absolutely fantastic teacher. I found this course easy and fun.
It was amazing course . It was easy to understand and it assignments and quizzes were good , they really cleared my concepts
I learned python basics in most fun and entertaining way possible. I will recommend this to beginners.Happy Coding...!    :)
The course is very nicely designed for all the beginners . and helps you to get started with the Python programming journey.
Excellent for beginners to programming. A bit too simple for people who have experience with some other programming language
Great course for beginners. Everything explained clearly and understandable. The speed of the course is great for beginners.
Fantastic course no prior knowledge of coding needed. The professor explains everything in a way that anyone can understand.
I started this course with zero knowledge on the subject and I found it extremly well thought, really helpful and fulfilling
Firstly I need to thank you for helping me in this course, really its helping me to get this new knowledge that will help me
Excellent Course and Really Enjoyed it. Thank you Prof.Charles Severance for wonderful teaching. Best Regards and blessings.
Amazing courseFascinated by the efforts of Dr. ChuckInteractive study material and clean assignments make this course a gem.
I really enjoyed my time learning and it was really beneficial. it really helped considering I have no experience in coding.
Extraordinary course for absolute beginners and an amazing journey of learning. Teaching skills of Dr. Chuck are remarkable.
an easy and burden-free starter course for those who have been curious about python but don't have a clue how to start with.
Course content is very good. Dr. Chuck(instructor) has a unique and simple style of teaching, it was a very good experience.
A great course for coding beginners and a good review for people who already use python but never took a formal class in it!
Charles Severance is a very good teacher and makes it simple for you to learn coding python and what the code do. Thank you!
Very easy to follow, and good pacing - though if you have any experience, you can complete the 7 weeks course in 1 week max.
It would be impossible to count all the ways that you've helped me in my course .Thank you so much for all that you've done.
Very Good course for beginners. The teacher knows where the beginners make mistakes and tells how to not make such blunders.
Great introductory course for Python Programming Language!! Very didactic and with very good assessment tests and exercises.
brilliant course, provide excellent understanding of subject, thank you coursera and prof.Charles Severance for this course.
Great course, and it was really easy to understand. I did course 1 in about 6 hours with very little programming background.
The instructor explains very well, the course is easy to keep up with. I've learned a lot from the course. Very very useful.
Dr. Chuck is a wonderful professor. He makes sure the class isn't monotonous and explains everything with utmost simplicity.
This course and of course Professor Chuck is great. Special thanks to Coursera for bringing this amazing course to our home.
Very well taught and executed course. Mentors are nice, and Dr Chuck explains the concepts very well. Highly recommended! :)
Chuck is great! Bravo!   About the course: I would like to see more practical exercises, quizes, assignments and such like..
I really like this course! It is not difficult for beginners, and it was organized in a very logical way. Thank you so much!
This course is very good. I learned a lot of things from him. Many thanks to all involved in the preparation of this course.
Very slow-paced introduction to Python that allows new users to get set up with the program and get started with the basics.
Great course and the teacher is easy to follow. It is a good introduction to the world of programming at a pace that is easy
Dr. chuck is the best one explaining about Computer sciences. Thanks for the opportunity to learn something new like Python.
I don't know what to say, but I believe that this course is the most powerful online course for Python :)
I'm so excited ^_^
Great course, I had previous knowledge of Python but it was good to see a different approach with more background behind it.
Great course that teaches the basics of python to someone who knows little to nothing about programming.Highly recommend it!
This is an awesome course.  He makes it easy to learn how to program with python and I like that he uses humor in his videos
This Course is an excellent oportunity for those who want to learn the world of programming and python. Highly recommended.
I loved this course, It is very well explained. I am completly new at this and found it quite clear. I highly recommend it.
The professor is very good in teaching, he explained each and everything of the topic and the assignments are very helpful.
COURSERA IS  A GOOD PLATFORM NOW A DAYS..DUE TO COVID-19IAM LEARNING PHYTHON 3 IS VERY USEFUL FOR ME..REGARDSGALLA THRINADH
Amazing course, learning about programming ca be very intimidating but this course is actally perfect for those first steps
This was a very well put together course. The videos provide a nice blend of slides  and "face to face" with the professor.
Python explained in the most simple way. It is perfect for beginners and the assignments are a fun way to build the skills.
Great for beginners. The professor is really friendly and made me feel like im actually his student. Explained really well.
Dr. Chuck made learning python very simple for a person like me who just stared learning the programming for the first time
Simply perfect, the didactics of the teacher were excellent in each of the stages of the course.
thanks for the opportunity
It is good start point for beginners of python programming and really straightforward and understandable. Thank you for all
Amazing explanation by the professor. It's  interesting the way he is teaching. Thank you sir, i am loving learning python.
Really, a fair review one word for this course is outstanding .Thanks coursers and teacher too for your outstanding effort.
The course was above my expectations. I think, it is the best course for you if you want to learn python from zero to hero.
Excellent course.  Dr. Severance can really make you understand what he's talking  about. I really recommend it! Thank you!
It's was an great experience to study with Dr.chuck and it's teaching skill is awesome and you can easily understand python
Great Course to learn Python from zero, to understand what's happening while one creates a program and a great methodology.
The concept of teaching is very engaging and it will help anyone who wants to learn Python with ease and good understanding
Best course for someone who is not having any prior knowledge of any programming language.You would surely enjoy learning .
I really loved the professors way of teaching. was able to understand maximum even after being from a non coding background
It's cool. This course is very much understandable for beginners and also it creates a friendly environment while learning.
Well suited  for any background. Excellent Teaching and good knowledge of beginer's understanding.  Very very useful stuff.
This has been a wonderful experience. The classes were fun and interactive, even though they were recorded videos.Thank you
Great learning platform it was and I appreciate every stuff and faculties to create a great concept. Thanks a lot for this.
THANK YOUUUUUU DR.CHUCK! I am loving python because of him and his teachings .hope you see this message!thank you coursera!
In starting i find it very difficult to understand coding but due to this course it helped me to develop interest in coding
enjoyed learning python,i like the professor charles severence handeled the session with ease & quite undestandable for all
This programming language was amazing! although the assignments are a little challenging its awesome learning this program.
Who are not having any idea about programming they will learn from this course. Very good sessions and example are covered.
Passionate and professional instructor. Have built much interests on Python and programming, but still have a lot to learn.
Great introductory course! Especially useful for people with limited overall computer operational skills. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
I love the simplicity and ease of going through the course on my own! You can tell the instructor genuinely loves to teach.
This a great course for Beginners and also professionals to brushes up their programming skills and strengthen their basics
Each Chapter was explained with great examples and it was fun learning python here and i'm looking forward to continue this
Thanks University of Michigan sr Charles severance and most importantly coresera for providing me this course thanks a lots
I am very much satisfied with the course here. And thank you very much Prof. Charles for making this course awesome for us.
Great learning experience...so much thankful to Dr.Charles Russell Severance for taught me programming in such a great way.
this course is fun learning and easy to understand. The teaching is excellent.I loved the course.One must take this course.
it was a great experience learning this course .all the terms are explained in a very easy way.thanks courcera and dr.chuck
I absolutely love this course. Dr. Severance explains everything in a very understandable way. I really enjoyed the course.
Although I am a foreigner, I could understand the teacher of this course with ease. My time which I spent here was awesome.
Great way to start. It is excellent for persons with no programming background Very good introduction to basic programming.
I enjoyed this course and i really never had the opportunity to get knowledge from such a interactive teacher..THANK YOU!!!
I wish the readings were in an online textbook rather than a pdf but this course has helped my understanding of python alot
Very very useful course content. Explanation and approach are very student friendly and any beginner can understand easily.
thanks for these wonderful videos i have learned a lot and thanks for our instructor who make a big efforts for this course
This is a great course for intro level programming with python. If you are more advanced, be warned it starts pretty basic.
its been amazing journey on learning python with Dr. chuck with the association of the university of Michigan.great course.
This is the best course for everybody to learn python from zero to become a hero in python. I love this course and teacher.
Very easy to understand. The Course materials were well structured. I would recommend this course if you are new to Python.
Really helpful, all activities allow you to develop skills to start to programming according to your logical understanding.
Till date, I am half of this course and need to complete this course fully but Dr. Charles Severance is a great instructor.
Amazing beginning tutorial on the most basic concepts. Easily completed especially if you have prior programming knowledge.
I enjoyed learning and gained lots of knowledge about python. Now I am eagerly waiting to start my next part of the course.
It's my first lessons on Coursera, and i like very well. I'm a french student, but i understund easily all of your lessons.
It is a very intimidating for a beginner. It keeps you engaging all the time. The more you study, the more you get into it.
Professor Charles Severance,The course was really interesting and made simple to have better understanding and remembering.
Being new to python, I was able to understand the concepts with ease, and that, to me is the best takeaways of this course!
Good, it's detailed enough to let everyone can understand, and the course is also a guide to tell us how to teach students.
An absolute gem of a course for anyone who want to learn programming in the most sophisticated manner. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Dr. Chuck is very clear and makes Python easy to understand.  If you are just starting off, this is a great class to learn.
4.9 review: Would be five stars for great instruction. Only issue is the external tool for checking code is a little buggy.
This course is very interesting and website is so good and instructor teaching method is excellent I injoy course very much
Mr.Chuck is the best online teacher i have ever met!unbelievable good at teaching.. and the system is very good structured.
this is an awesome course by an awesome instructor you'll get through it easily and it'll help you learn things much easily
excellent python material is provided by Prof. Charles Severance its my honor that I get a chance to learn python from you.
It was a very good course . I have learned many new things .The way they are teaching is very very good. Thanks to coursera
the professor is pretty good. i like his teaching way and it is much easier to understand programming through this lessons.
Great lectures and proper assignments! Thank you prefessor Chuck! Just can't wait for the upcoming Python learning classes!
Really straightforward and enjoyable course for the basic concepts of programming, with examples from Python in particular.
Great course, eases you into the world of programming so even a beginner like myself can learn very quickly and thoroughly.
The contents of the course is relatively simple, easy to start for beginners who do not have programming experience before.
Excellent pace and amazing didactic material! Highly recommended for beginners to step into the great world of programming.
It is quite helpful to understand python and basics. Design of the course make this interesting. SPecialy, the Bonus Hours.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course, thanks Dr Chuck and team!Now I'm looking forward to the next course in the specialization.
Excellent course to begin using python. Quite easy to follow and helps you to take the first step of coding simple programs
Great introduction.  Took me though every step to obtain a core understanding of the fundamentals of programming in Python.
I loved it and continuing the series. I recommend this course to everybody who wants to learn Python as a beginner like me.
Such a great course!!  I'm going to follow the other courses of this specialization! A Thousand of thanks professor Chuck!!
Tried many programming courses. First one I've taken that the big picture was part of the course from step one. I loved it!
It was a great learning experience for me . The professor was made every topic very easy to understand with fine examples.
I am fortunate to start learning Python by opting this course. Thanks to the instructor and Coursera for this opportunity.
this is evry useful for you did not learn the programming language. and it is very good to learn your code knowlage again.
A really good course and with a great teacher Charles Severance ,  who teaches the course without giving you any confusion
This course teaches basic python knowledge in a readily comprehensible way. I highly recommend it to novice in programming
This course was really helpful for getting started with python. The videos definitely had the best concepts of each topic.
I have started to learn the basics of Python programming. It is easy to learn from these videos with relative assignments.
Wow it's awesome. Final assignment is some what critical. I like teaching very much. Hope you continue the same in future.
This course really helped me understand the basics of programming and what to do further to enhance my programming skills.
I've never enjoyed learning this much, thanks to Dr. Chuck. He is awesome. Looking forward to other courses of the series.
This was indeed a comfortable course. Looking forward to completing further courses to get specialization.Worth your time.
This course motivates me to finish the specialized program and improve my autonomous online learning. I'm quite gratified.
you explained it nicely. i was able to learn fast with coursera. This was my first course in coursera and really liked it.
I loved the way how the teacher made my fear of programming to be almost vanished.Thank you.>>>print("Programming is fun")
Good course for beginners. The quiz questions and assignments are informative and for our knowledge. The material is good.
Honestly one of the best and most interesting learning experience for me till now, looking for more content Dr. Severance.
professor was best,i have tried so many times to learn python but this course is the easiest and the most interesting ever
A well organized course for beginners , a brilliant teacher who knows exactly how to maintain the interest of the students
A great course and friendly for beginners of python. It's worthy to take this course as a first step of python programming
dr chuck is amazing , this course help me in understanding python .......................................................;
The course was very insightful.  The concepts were explained using real world examples hence made it easier to understand.
A fantastic course for beginners. Explaining underlying concepts in a easy and understandable way. Dr. Chuck is fantastic.
Professor Severance is Awesome. Apart from that, the whole documentation and the execution of the lectures were excellent.
This course is very interesting and useful!Professor Charles is very nice and passionate in teaching, i feel so motivated.
An excellent course for people with no programming experience who want to learn clearly and easily to program with Python.
This course helps me a lot to obtain the knowledge and I believe that I'll work hard on this and teach other students too.
This course was really amazing. I have learnt a lot from the best teachers. I am going to keep taking courses on Coursera.
A very informative course - perfect for learning python. Looking forward to the rest of the courses in the specialization.
this course is amazing seriously ,i have learnt a lot from this course  from beginner level #thanks #courserathank you sir
It was a really good course to help us understand the basics of Python.Any beginner will be able to understand this course
Professor, I'm very glad to learn python 3. One thing that I clear lot more thing in python 3 basic. Thank you once again.
Course outline is maintained properly and built in such a way that literally EVERYBODY can start their journey with python
Everything was easy to understand. I was able to do the course fast because content was clear and everyone can understand.
Very Helpful course and handy course to get introduce to how python works and the basic concept of programming with python
An extremely well thought out and planned introductory course to Python with a reasonable pacing and an awesome instructor
It is every good course I have learnt so many basics here I think it will helps in my future studies.. thanks... Very much
This is a beautiful course for learning Python Basics and starting Programming in general. Dr. Chuck is awesome as ususal!
Great course for beginners. The professor doesn't make you feel bad for not knowing things and eases you into programming.
Easiest way to learn Python. Thanks to the professor for making us understand basics and help us make a strong foundation.
a wonderful class with a wonderful instructor, i loved him and i loved the way he delivers the knowledge.thank you so much
The course was smartly constructed to teach slowly along with building the foundation. Interface and tasks were efficient.
For a C Programmer, this course is simple yet recapping everything and follows a great sequence, keep it up and thank you!
Best course by the best instructor. I felt so connected throughout the course and learnt the basics of python really well.
Lucid explanation coupled with interesting video tours with important persons related to technology.I highly recommend it.
Well, learning python on coursera was a great experience for me and I got a lot of knowledge from it's thanks you coursera
Too happy to get such a valuable certificate that too on financial aidThanks Coursera.You will be remembered till infinity
This course met me right where I am as a novice and was very easy to follow without feeling patronizing. Highly recommend!
Dr Chuck made the material easy to understand and the structure of the course reviews and exercises ensured comprehension.
This course really helps me to understand the basic of Python. The course is easy to follow and teach Python step by step.
this course is very helpful for me to learn and grow in the field that i aspire to build my career in, the faculty is good
I have limited programming experience and this course helped a lot! Looking forward to the next one in the specialization.
Brilliantly designed ! Would recommend it to anyone who would like to get a kick start with Python programming skillset :)
The thing I liked most are bonus interviews. and also how the video lecture started to teaching from scratch for beginner.
It's a course where you do learn a new programming language, inclusive if you want, how you can use this in your work life
I have learned the basic use of python and some of the fundamental functions of it, which may well benifit my future work.
Fantastic introduction to programming. Clear and concise lectures with just a hint of help for the assignments. Thank you!
Superb course. I really like the content of the course. Dr Chuck has taken nice efforts to make this really amazing cource
The course was very interesting. It helped in arranging my ideas and improved systematic tackling of a particular problem.
Excellent professor for begin Python language. I totally recommended if you want to start to programming in this language.
The methodology of teaching by Charles Sir was the best ever I have experienced in my life. Inspired by such fun learning.
Great course, really a good way to start with python.Hope it will get more practical in the following four courses.Thanks.
Very knowledgeable teacher who knows how to teach beginners very well. I recommend this course for any beginner in Python.
Great starter course in Python! The instructor does a great job at presenting the material well and explaining the syntax.
my first online class and it inspired me how fast you can learn basic programming....i listened to the vids at 1,5x though
Had a little Python experience but this course had made certain aspects much clearer to me. So it was well worth the time.
in this course you can learn the basic of the language and a little bit of programming. the teacher is the best and funny.
Great to see Dr Chuck, I enjoy this course and this is the first course I finished on Coursera. Nice to meet you guys all!
Excellent course, charismatic teacher. I really enjoyed this course and hope I can move onto the specialisation.Thank you.
Charles is a great teacher and it is really fun to watch his lectures! I am looking forward into the next course!thank you
Fantastic course! Prof Charles is clear when he speaks and his passion is infectious :) Not to mention his sense of humor!
Very good and fun. Materials are consistent and guidance is clear to understand (not always so with some Coursera course).
Very helpful and great experience for people with no prior knowledge of programming! Professor was entertaining and clear.
Excellent course if you want to learn python as a beginner. Hats off to the team who is worked hard to put up this course.
Excellent teacher. Thank you for making knowledge easily understandable and freely accessible. - Best Anders from Denmark
I really liked this course.This course is well suited  for the people  who even   have no prior knowledge in programming.
In this course, give me a lesson so detail and cleary about every topic. Quiz and make a program so relevant about topic.
Awesome course to learn the basics of python! Kept me enthusiastic throughout! Thank you sir for such an amazing content!
the overall course is so useful and good. The way you people teach is kin of best way . Thank you for such a good course.
highly recommended! It's friendly and useful for green hands and also inspires people to learn programming in the future.
100% recommend this course. It's a great course to introduce you to python. Super easy to follow, the professor is great!
Python For Everybody is a very informative Course and great gratitude towards Charles Sir and the University of Michigan.
enjoy learning python from coursera, the content was very easy to understand and it was fun to solve assignments and quiz
I am very satisfied with this course, i love python and i would like to learn more.Thank you so much for the opportunity.
Very nice course. Now i am very much clear with loops and iteration concept. Instructor is very nice. Thank you coursera.
programming for everybody but this not for everybody if you have some skill about python then is this is the best  choice
Great course with nice course material, very experienced and knowledgable instructor,Thanks a lot for such a good course.
Really it helped me a lot to gain more knowledge on python .Thank you instructors and Coursera for providing this course.
IT's perfect to clear your concepts or to have a revision of basics of python. And also Mr. chuck is a very good teacher.
I really enjoyed this course, the professor taught really nicely and everything was arranged in a very systematic manner.
Instructor is very good and assignment are critical to small error better yet it a good start to learn python programming
Friendly for beginners, would recommend to add information on how to get moving after you get stuck(how to google stuff).
Its really a good course and i have really enjoyed doing this course. Thanks to coursera for providing such great course.
Excellent course for someone who wants to get into programming or with some experience that wants to learn a new language
The cource is quite good as they take us from zero to higher level,hope i could do something in programming. Thanks a lot
Simple course for those who doesn't know programming. You could learn basics of python in just one week with this course.
Amazing class.  Very easy to understand and engaging the entire time.  Looking forward to learning more through Coursera!
It is the great platform to gain the knowledge in Python.The concepts are clearly explained and it is easy to understand.
It is a phenomenal course for beginners. If you want to initiate the programming with python then this course is for you.
It was a nice introduction to Python Programming. The sections were well divided and everything was explained quite well.
This course is excellent because the instructor teach from the scratch of python programming.so it is easy to understand.
MUST TAKE COURSE FOR EVERY CODER OUT THERE.. CHANGES A PERSON'S PERSPECTIVE ABOUT LEARNING THINGS ONLINE. AMAZING COURSE.
The Tutor is so Awesome .. The way he taught us Python ....It is highly admirable ..Thanks Sir for those amazing vidoes..
The Instructor is amazing. This is a great quality course and designed very well for beginners of programming and python.
Very informative and easy-to-learn course. What's more important tho is the fact that the lecturer makes it fun to learn!
nice course for the beginner i recommend you to go for one more course after this that will improve and shape your skills
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) course in Coursera is very useful and it helps me in programming.
this course was good and useful. i will try my level best to improve my programming skills with this knowledge. thank you
The instructor was good material provided related to the course was good and also the assignments and quizzes helped alot
Very nice content, slowly gradually python is inserted into our minds without any difficulty, Great work by the Professor
Excellent course to begin for learning Python, lessons are well structured and great explanation given by the instructor.
Very well understood the concepts in the video lecture.Only problem was in the Assignment 4.6 but later on it was solved.
Great course. Really liked the teaching style. Was able to finish it 4 days because of simple they made it to understand.
Very well explained especially for students that have no knowledge about computer hardware, software or computer science.
Great Course I Learnt a lot on Algorithms and Control flow. Great teaching by DR.CHUCKand is a great course for beginners
Very good and flexible course I have ever done.  A very warm thanks to Mr. Charles. I have enjoyed this course very much.
The course covers all the basics of python and is extremely good if you know nothing about programming and wish to start.
i viewed a lot bur this was the best of the best the way of explaining was fantastic i liked it a lot all thanks to chuck
Loved this course, the instructor is amazing and the staff working in the forums in each course are incredibly helpful!!!
This course is a very good beginning for the starters. It is easy to start with, and the examples are easy to understand.
Excellent base of course material, and clear descriptions, and supported with very good exercise to capture the knowledge
This is a beginner-friendly course. It helped me in the understanding of basics of Python. The tutor was one of the best.
What a start for me indeed it was a pleasure learning python from this course. Hope to complete the specialization soon .
Its an amazing course on coursera.The content was easy and sufficient to learn programming in python.Thanks to COURSERA..
Loved it! Only sometimes felt a little slow. Problem sets were sufficiently challenging and reinforced the material well.
So nicely and throughout explained. The professor is funny and witty which makes the learning experience more pleasant :)
Great intro to python course, the instructor is very engaging and fun. Excited to take more courses from this instructor.
I really loved this course. It has really got me excited and interested in learning the other 4 courses in this program!!
Really a very good course taught by a very resolved instructor. Course content is just right for a new entrant to python.
Great introduction to the topic. Chuck's style of delivery was very engaging and made me want to take more of his classes
The instructor is clear and interesting. The content is pitched at the right level for complete beginners to programming.
Basic learning is very important for every programer i learned it  thanks to coursers for providing these type of courses
This was my one of the greatest and enjoying experience.The teachers have a lot of knowledge about the python.I loved it.
The interviews with the tech world achievers were particularly appreciated. Got me interested in RaspBerry Pi especially.
Dr. Chuck Severance way of teaching is amazing , really he helped me a lot to learn python basics, thankyou so much chuck
Very well organized, the exercises are challenging but still possible. I learned a lot, and highly recommend this course.
I have really enjoyed taking this course. This course is very ingeniously simple and well explained. Thank you very much.
Great job with the course work and videos. Very very helpful in explaining fundamentals and basics of python programming!
Amazing course.... but there should be some more assignments and little difficult quiz.... just little not much difficult
Well structured. Easy to follow videos and excellent student notes with examples. Access to the textbook is a great plus.
I fell in love in programming because of this course. With the best instructor, Dr. Charles Severance. Thank you so much.
The clear explanations made programming concepts easy to understand. Even as a novice I was able to understand. Good job.
This is the best course to start learning  pyhton.Dr. chuck is good instructor and the rest team is also very responsive.
Great class with an even better Professor instructing it! Would highly recommend this class to anyone new to programming.
Hello, thank you so much! This had helped me a lot in my python! I don't know where I would end up without this class. :)
That was an amazing course i ever did .I don't know how to praise the teachers so by the way i am very grateful on them.
This is a very basic beginning for anyone just starting out in Python Programming language. The lecturers are very good.
An excellent introduction to programming using Python course - lucid, comprehensive, flexible and efficiently delivered.
Very good! Great teaching! Interactive and easy to follow. Recommended also for your elementary school children. Thanks!
Awesome learning experience from such a great teacher, I wish I had him in my college for teaching.Happy learning ahead!
The instructor was very good as he had put in so much effort to make the class seem interesting even though it's virtual
Great for everyone, if you don't have a clue about programming this course will take you step by step through the basics
It is an excellent course if you want to start in python without having little or no experience in programming languages
Good course, for learning the basic (Control flow) of python programming language (applied to any programming language)!
This course was superb.I had a lack knowledge about python but through this course i was able to clear all of my doubts.
This course about python was a great experience. It was very helpful. Also the lessons were very interesting. Thank you.
Charles R Severance is the real Salazar Slytherin. An amazing teacher loved the course. Will complete the specialization
The way of teaching is so fantastic, i got understand every single topic in this course with ease & enjoyableThank you !
the best instructor in teaching python programming I have ever seen. Thank you so much Mr Chuk for these amazing course.
I am glad that i have been a part of this course . I have learnt relevant skills needed to start programming in python .
Anyone having fear of programming, this is the best course to start with. Dr Chuck's way of teaching is simply superb :)
The is made very simple, making it easy for students with no background knowledge in programming to learn python basics.
The instructor is really into the passion for teaching Python. Excellent course for building from foundations of coding.
I definitely learned a lot in this course, as it resurrects my knowledge regarding programming with python. Recommended!
very useful & The training was clear and detailed. I like chuk's style of teaching as the my prof. in python...thank you
excellent course. instructor is very good, i think he being an experienced professional teacher made a lot of difference
love to share ,this course this course is very good for new learners ill give 5 stars to this great course from coursera
The satisfaction of not getting a traceback is the best feeling in the world.I have loved every minute learning python .
Brilliantly taught! Very thorough and every step taken nicely!Highly recommended if you have no idea of what basics are.
had a great learning the teacher was awesome in every manner thanks coursera i am happy that i choose this kind of corse
A Wonderful Course, the way Prof Chuck explained the various parts of the course was very understandable and commendable
the way of teaching by sir charls severence is very awsome it was very  easy to understand the the conceptsthank you sir
This is an amazing course for python programming language.One should take this course to enhance career in  programming.
It is a very organized and detailed course, If you want to strengthen your basics of programming, then this is the best.
it was overall a very good experience ,gave a clear picture of python in a very short time and was able to grasp easily!
A excellent course which helps us learn python from scratch. Thank you Charles Severance and the University of Michigan.
It is very useful.  The clarity of the video is also very good. I felt very happy to learn this course through Coursera.
really liked the classes..really liked the "this the problem you may face  and here is how to tackle it" direct approach
It is really a great course many basic concepts of mine are now clear as ice. I am pretty happy that I took this course.
A good starter course on python for beginners..no doubt you all will love this course and instructors way of explaining.
Fantastic course !!I recommend anyone who wants to learn python or to start learning about programming to start with it.
Great course for begineers. Although the more syllabus could have been added like lists,dictionaries,tuples, strings etc
Loved this course! I was exactly what I was hoping it would be. I learned a ton and had fun doing it! Thanks Prof Chuck!
Very useful and good course for learning the basics of the pyhont programming which is very essential for a programmer..
This course really helped me to boost my python unseen skills. Thank You the University of Michigan, thank you Coursera.
I really liked this course. I thank Dr.Chuck for this amazing course. I recommend this course to all my fellow learners.
My review on Coursera is extraordinary Thank you Prof. Charlles for the guide along through my course.CHEERS TO COURSERA
Very clear and instructive about the basics. Went through it in an afternoon since I am already proficient in the topic.
Being my first online course, Coursera helped me in building my fundamentals and the technique of building a code block.
This is very first and baby step to learn the Python language. You would get full concept about Python and its features.
It's very fantastic course and very useful for beginners coders or others who already know another programming language.
Excellent course for anyone wanting to learn a programming language. I wish I was able to take this course 15 years ago.
It starts all concepts from very basics. Excellent VIDEOS.One of the best courses for python available across the globe.
I am so Happy, because this i my first programming language I learned by online with expert trainer.  Thank you so much.
Great course, the topics are really basic but there are some useful tools I didn't know. The professor makes good jokes.
I personally like the course.The instructor is so funny and the way he teach is most interesting.I am become fan of him.
I recommend this course! It is easy to follow and very funny. It gave me the basic knowledge about Python that I needed.
great courses for totally new beginnersit makes time management so easythanks for giving me this learning opportunity!!!
highly recommended class for people new to coding or new to python,excellent teacher ,don't need go anywhere else so far
It's a great experience to learn python in coursera, faculty and way of course deverence is so good, Thank you soursera.
Excellent! I have enjoy this course very much , And i learn my properly basics from this course i hope. Thank You all :)
Awesome course for a beginner in Python language.Interesting faculty and hands on practice on basic functions in Python.
it was great experience for me.I started learn Python since January 1st 2018.I learned too many things from this course.
Awesome beginner's course in Python. I could not have been more satisfied with the content and the layout of the course.
Instructions are clear.  The material well ordered and helpful.  The exercises make you think.  Overall, very well done.
the course is easy to follow and includes many worked examples to guide us along. highly recommended even for beginners!
A very good knowledge, with a good pace of learning and really clear language, easy to understand, thank you Dr. Chuck!!
I finished the course in one day to get touch with python. It's well designed and the instructor speaks perfect English.
A great course for programming beginners. Easy to understand and covers a wide range of content from theory to practice.
Really Good Course for Beginning and brush ups the basics for people who know programming before going to complex topics
Good course. The faculty is good and feels like not learning a technical course. The teacher made it easy to understand.
excellent course for beginner to study python from zero background. Plus it also teach you how to use linux command line
This course is extremely good for the beginners who don't know anything about Python. The way of teaching was excellent.
Charles gives great expression of Python knowledge during every videos and I love the scientific arrange of this course!
Very organised content and in-depth. Helpful notes as well. Recommended for all those starting out the Python journey (:
Great going Chuck, great job making this valuable course available to everyone free of cost. I appreciate it. Good job!!
Very interesting course.The Professor is so humor and interesting.The class is also easy and clear.I am really enjoy it!
Very helpful for beginners in programming. Emphasizes the importance of the train of thought needed in making a program.
I really enjoy learning how to use python together with these videos.Thanks a lot. Already enrolled for the next course!
So far I am loving this course. It is presented in a professional way and is simple to understand and follow along with.
Really good course materials and instructions. The instrutor explains ideas vividly and goes into quites details, great!
A great introduction to Python.  The instructor carefully explains several fundamental concepts.  Thanks for doing this!
Good training material, easy to comprehend by new programming students. Still some background in programming is helpful.
One of the best course. Anyone can learn programming through this video lecture series.It's simple easy and conceptual.
Basic Python stuff nicely explained, nothing too hard for someone getting into Python (or programming in general even).
This course is excellent that I really thank the University of Michigan for giving me good knowledge about this course.
The course was a very good introduction to the world of programming given by a cheerful and amazing instructor,Cheers:)
Nice course for beginners in programming. Could be more helpful if solve as many examples as you can from the textbook.
Thank You Prof. Charles for the remarkable course you have provided for us. I learn a lot and I will continue learning.
this section was very useful and the way of presentation by the tutor was in the simplest way .i thoroughly enjoyed it.
It is a good and recommendable course especially for all the beginners from the core and noncore background people too.
Insightful and easy to digest! I am able to juggle this with my day job as an analyst. The analogies were spot on, too!
I ABSOLOUTLY ENJOYED THE COURSE AND IT HAS HELPED ME ALOT TO ATLEAST GET STARTED. GOOD JOB DR. CHUCK AND COURSERA!!!!!!
This is one of the important course in Data Science. its absolutely fantastic . It's design and execution is very good.
This is a great course for beginners of python . Content is simple and easily understandable.And also teacher is great.
it is one of the best ways to learn python. the best teaching I can see. How they delivered the lectures are very nice.
After listening the classes and submitting the assignments I have gained knowledge.This session is very good and useful
this is wonderful course and instructor is also great most of concept are explained greatly leaving no window for doubt
Very good for beginners.All the concepts are explained clearly with a very good example which will clear your questions
The course is very easy to understand so it is friendly for beginners who want to learn the python programming language
Happy to be part of this course. Learned so many things in easy way.I would definitely like to do more courses further.
Excellent professor with very high level of knowledge and intelligence and the course is also in the best way possible.
Good course to learn python easily, with simple exercises but that can be applied on a larger scale to your daily life.
This Course Made me learn some what basics skills of Python, i think i learned it properly. thanks for this opportunity
It is very good platform to learn and practice everything on the same platform.Thank you for providing such environment
Nice course and their was a nice sessions with Dr. Chuck Dr. Chuck is an nice Instructor Its was nice experience for me
It is a very good course to understand what python is .It will be more good if u include some more additional exercises
It is one of the best courses for absolute beginners and those also which don't know single word about the programming.
I am stuck in this  " This session has not yet started. You may access this item after the session starts on March 13."
Good place to start if you are new to Python or programming in general. Material was easy to understand and well paced.
I am very happy for completing getting start with python. This course taught me all the basics required for programming
The course was awesome. I learnt many things. I am glad that I chose this course as my approach to my programming life.
THANK YOU MR. CHARLES SEVERANCE FOR THIS COURSE , THIS WAS REALLY A VERY GOOD COURSE AND I FEEL CONFIDENT WITH PYTHON .
Great initiative and remarkable teacher, I liked that bonus part where the creator of python interview was recorded. :)
Excellent content, delivery and pacing to provide a solid fundamental starting point for those looking to learn python.
The best course out there for the python. Thanks, Sir for making me understand what I thought was way out of my league.
I am happz after completing this course in fact I came blind for learning python now I have learned some basics of this
It was an excellent journey with Dr. Chuck . Such a nice course . I got a lot to learn about basic Python programming .
A very nice course. Speaker Sir(Charles Severance was very instrumental in explaining python in easy way. Thank you sir
The instructor is pretty confident about what he teaches and that lets him to teach in a way that everyone understands.
One of the best courses...the instructor teacher Severance is the best one that I have ever seen. Simply Amazing....!!!
I have experience in several computer languages but wanted to try Python, this is a good straight forward introduction.
Prof Severance infuses the course material with fun, and makes it easy for beginners to embark on their Python journey!
The best course I have taken thus far. This course is excellent for anybody starting fresh in Python and or programming
It is a very good course for the beginners to learn the python programming basics helped me alot in building the basics
The course was very clear and easily understandable for all kinds of people even without prior knowledge on programming
The teaching environment and the way of delivering the knowledge of Python and its basics are all really user-friendly.
Has given me confidence to think I may be able to pursue this coding and dev thing long term. Hopefully I can continue!
Instructor made this course highly interesting.Learned a lot from this course.Looking forward to take following courses
Enjoyed taking this course and Charles Severance is a great professor. Made it very easy for first time coders like me.
It was very informative and useful course.The instructor,Dr.Chuck explained the whole course in a very simple language.
Very good and useful course. Well-structured and each part is easy to understand. The practices are also well-designed.
Prof Charles was very good at teaching for amateurs like me. Goes through the concept like he explains to a kid. Thanks
Great course, very easy to follow and small trick questions make you think about how to program efficiently. Thank you!
Great course and instructor.  Very good as a introduction to programing and python for someone that has never been expo
Very basic but excellent course, like the instructor style very much, wish I could have a chance to meet him in person.
Excellent course.  The instructor distills the subject matter into easily digestible parts that build upon one another.
FUN! Charles has made Python fun and practical. I recommend this course for everyone from primary school up to any age.
This is the best course I ever done online. It teach me from the basics of python programming. So, thank you very much.
It was so much fun But i have a very bad review on Assignments because its so hard to figure it out what that tool says
The teacher did a good job keeping a appropriate speed for online learners of all levels. I enjoyed this class, thanks.
Really a great introduction to python programming language. Getting ready to study more from Chuck in his later courses
I 'm really happy that I have learn a lot, I came with nothing of knowledge and I'm having some knowledge about python.
Nice introduction course to programming. I liked the quality of the video content and the computer magazine interviews.
It is a wonderful, fun and understably course. The teacher explains the theme perfectly and I don't have any complaint.
All the concepts were explained well with adequate examples.The instructor is really pleasant and keeps you interested.
he was teaching in a friendly manner. And all concepts are well understandable andalso explaining in a practical manner
this course is so impressive that i can get into python world without puzzle. thanks to the teacher, Charles Severance.
This course provides me confidence that I will carry in the further online courses. Thanks to coursera  and their team.
Its a great course!!.....Anyone interested to start learning programming language.This is one of the best courses!!....
Dr. Chuck stole the show. He actually made me inquisitive about coding now. Thank you and see you in the next course :)
Great course.Excellently delivered.The best part are the bonus videos, very inspiring and enlightening.Thanks Dr. Chuck
Excellent course for beginners. It takes them through a slow and detailed journey of Python with great passion and fun.
Very good introduction.  Easy to follow.  Meaningful assignments.  I don't feel like I wasted a second for this course.
The Teacher was excellent at explaining and he really made the course enjoyable. Good job. Keep it up.(Thumbs up emoji)
I knew nothing before taking this coarse. I feel like i hve a good handle now on the basics in only 7 weeks. Thank you.
I really enjoyed studying the course and want to learn more about python! Thanks a lot to the professor and classmates!
Great course for beginners. Hands on and explanations are very clear. Perfect foundation for more complex python topics
I've learned a lot, well i'm still on it. Thank you for all the sharing! Maybe someday i'll get my own Coursera tattoo.
I really enjoy the course so much. The explanation is crystal clear. Looking forward to the following course on Python.
This Course is Very Well explained By Dr. Chuck. I would like to recommend this course to all aspiring data scientists.
It was great to begin again taking programming classes.  It reminds me of the track I should have taken 30 years ago.KB
Course was very easy for me owing to my previous experience in Python, but still great course for beginning learners...
I really appreciate and enjoy this high quality classes. I have learned a lot in python programming through this class.
Very clear instruction, good even for people who have no coding experience, but not too basic for coders new to Python.
The course is very easy to follow and the Prof fully details numerous online and print resources to help along the way.
Outstanding introduction, outstanding teacher. Finally, an opportunity to understand how this stuff all works together!
A nice course to being a journey with Python. Especially for people who are newbies when it comes to computer science.
Very easy to understand. I have no prior programming skills in Python but Dr. Chuck was a great instructor. Thank you!
This is for everyone as the title says. I was able to complete the course in just 5 days and I am ready to learn more.
Excellent introduction to programming. I wish my programming fundamentals course in college had been this instructive.
This course was really well explained by Dr. Charles Severance. An easy and complete introduction to the Python world.
The course work is very light and easy to understand. The instructor played a vital role to make the course very easy.
The instructor has a great way of explaining code, different segments of codes, errors and makes the course really fun
this is best ever course to learn python for beginners and there are extremely very  nice exercises and quizs to learn
It was an amazing experience , this course was awesome because of the teacher teaching it (Dr. Chuck you are the best)
Best experience. Already knew few things but watched this entire course to freshen up and improve my Python knowledge.
This course is essential for everyone who are seeking to learn python. This course helped me a lot about the language.
It was very knowledgable and got course explanation in a perfect way . I truly liked this course .Thanks to coursera:)
Great course! It gave me inspiration and completely changed my mind about programming ( of course, in a positive way).
Amazing Course Anyone who wants to start Learning Python then this your initial point.best course of python i had ever
thank u all its extremely good for the students..all are perfect thnq coursera team for making students perfections...
It's a very nice course for those who are trying to take the first steps in codding with Python! Such a great teacher!
Very good programming course and easy understandable for beginners and Excellent lecture by Charles Russell Severance.
Good for the beginner, Professor is made sure that even who does not have any coding experience can learn this course.
I really enjoyed taking this course. The videos were easy to understand and learn, and the assignments were fun to do.
Thanks Dr Chuck for this course! The lessons are easy to understand even for people like me with no programming basic.
Amazing the course was people like me who has zero idea about programming this module helps in setting up your basics.
Very Effective and helpful. All the course videos and lectures and easy to understand and follow. It really helped me.
It was a very good informative course..I really liked the instructor..hope to improve my python further in my courrier
Good course with simple examples and clarifications for learners, who have no much or any programming skills in Python
This is a really good course, it explains the processes step by step and with various resources for learn and practice
Literally, the best course you could have on Python especially who had never typed a single code ever in his/her life.
I was always hesitant about learning a programming language. But this course and instructor helped me think otherwise.
It was a great course. The way of teaching was excellent. It covered everything in details and taught how to use them.
Excellent course with excellent professor. I have never feel such understand ability  in any programming class before.
Very good teacher, explaining with patience basic concepts so that everybody can understand them, and he's also funny!
Awesome course with well-defined course material and superb instructor. All must join this course. Good for beginners.
Dr. Severance is the man. Definitely the guy you want to listen to when getting started on a python or coding journey.
Dr.Chuck is a great teacher and really loved this course. Hope to enroll with  other courses too. Thank you very much!
It is the best opportunity one can get to start learning Python programming. The professor and his contents are great.
I am no one to judge anyone but our instructor is one of the best that taught me .So Big THANKS to our dear Instructor
Really good course I encourage to my friends to do this course Really good cover on Basics of Python.Really Thumbs up.
I felt very easy to learn python in your platform and i have gained knowledge on python and it was an excellent course
Great Course for a beginner. Someone familiar with other programming languages can complete it in a much shorter time.
good experience throughout the course the teaching faculty was really interactive and knowlegable. Thank you coursera.
This is really excellent course for the beginners.I enjoyed a lot through out the courses and solving the assignments.
Dr Chuck is great - what an amazing course to get you started.  I'm excited to tackle the next courses in this series.
This was one of the best Python course.  This course helped me to understand the basic syntax and semantics of Python.
It was all the way wonderful. The instructor, Charles Severance is just awesome. I'd recommend this course to anybody.
hey professor charles, you have the most efficient method of teaching.You really made this course fun and interesting.
The presentation is very good and perfect for slow learners. The instructor is very friendly and a good guy in person.
Excellent, easy to understand lectures. Pacing a bit slow if you've studied other languages but perfect for beginners!
This was an amazing experience of learning python for everybody. I an now confident on writing the basic python codes.
I really enjoyed this course. Dr,chuck was simplifying it and has a great way to explain everything.Thank you so much.
Very interactive and well explained course by Dr. chuck.....thanks for preparing such a wonderful course for beginners
It's a very good course, I think it helps a lot those who are just really started doing any programming in their life.
The teaching style is very awesome. No one will face issues in learning new things if the teaching style is like this.
Best course to get into programming.. Thanks to Dr Chuck Severance who is a great teacher, taught every single topics!
Hello WorldThis course is an absolutely best choice for them who want to get started with python or programming world.
A fundamental course that enables every student to be fully participated in regardless of their background respecively
A good intro to Python if you aren't a programmer already, but a bit basic if you already program in another language.
Its a good course. I wished there were parts that I could skip - for people who have done other programming languages.
Very Good! I just took this course to test because I recommended it to someone. Looks like its the best recommendation
It was a good course but could have dealt with more programs for users to get a good hold on the programming language.
This class is amazing! It makes me much easier to understand Python and the professor is amazing! Love this course!!!!
Easy to follow even with a busy life schedule and easy to understand the lectures. The assignments are reasonable too.
Excellent course for beginners, trainer is exceptional and they teaching method is such that a dumb can learn as well.
Great introduction to python. Clear and concise. I really liked the bonus videos as encouragement to keep on learning.
This course is excellent. I am taking the whole specialization. The teaching staff is very good at answering questions
Definitely recommended for the person who is new to programming and want to get a head start and Dr. Chuck is amazing.
Mr Chuck is a funny, charismatic teacher who explains programming with python in a clear way. Highly enjoyable course!
Great Course for everybody. Spcl thaks to Prof. Charles , he made me love python. Its a great course for esp. beginner
Nice Introduction to Python. Dr Chuck does a good job in introducing the basic concepts of python. Highly recommended.
The course and the materials are clearly demonstrated. The structure is well designed and is beneficial for beginners!
A very good course for the students with no programming experience. Dr. Charles explains in the simplest way possible.
wonderful start, basics taught the way basics should be taught. just like python, sequential, iterative, one at a time
The program material made it very easy to understand python programming. I am looking forward to do the other courses.
This is an introduction to everyone who never seen a programming language. Very clear and good explanation. Good start
Great! Very practical and easy to learn. The pace is good and the content is interesting. Very suitable for beginners.
great foundational knowledge with easy to follow lecture materials and quick applications to test what you've learned.
Amazing experience, I could not be happier.  I am a physician who has accomplished lots, but this feels so empowering.
very good introduction course for beginners, and it was funny and inspiring to watch those bonus videos, thanks a lot.
Fantastic!Easy to follow, Dr. Chuck is very entertaining, success felt at every stage.Peers discussion is very useful.
It is  a great course for beginners. The casual  approach of the professor made concepts stick to our brain. thank you
This course was a great starter to my Programming career, and although I am only in middle school I understood it all.
Really helpful informative and interesting course. Much good info ant very interesting lectures.Thanks for your time !
Excellent introduction! Instruction, materials, and tasks help students get a solid foundation of the Python language.
I took this course and its fantastic,,, Dr Chuck is the best at simplifying programming in Python.. Loved his class :)
Very Useful, I start loving programming from this course, the professor is professional and cute, I have learnt a lot.
I think it's a great course and it's a good idea the people can get a demonstrable title for this programing language.
really helpful program content for someone like me who does not know anything about programming and its huge world...
anyone without any programing background also can learn easyily ! was very help for me to getting started with python
Got few more skills and better knowledge about the Language and gained confidence that i can do better. Thankyou Sir!
it was a great experience.  I have learnt many more things about python programming. recommend for other students..!!
It is the great course for learning  basics of  Python .This course make student to take interest in Python language.
Its the best course for someone who is learning python for the first time and Dr chuck's teaching process is the Best
Professor Severance is awesome -- great online learning system / framework -- very easy to get through and worthwhile
Good place to learn python programming language but first week was like a time pass. I finished this course in 6 days
This course is indeeed the very best for beginners..The assignments,quizzes make us understand the concept very well.
This course is so much useful. Dr. Chuck explains everything very nicely. All the quiz and assignments are very good.
I found this course extremely good for those who are not from a programming background and want to learn the program.
i understand easily this python, thanks for coursera for giving this course. that sir is a good teacher , he is grate
Its easy to understand. Thank you sir the way you teach is is so easy to catch the concepts.The examples are so good.
It's very useful in the easy understanding teaching manner. Thanks so much, professor and Coursera. Much appreciated!
The course assignments were really designed well that used almost all of the concepts and syntax taught in the class.
A very good course for those who want to start programming in python with those basic skills provided in this course.
It is great learning experience to have interactive assignments. Good teaching by faculty from university of Michigan
Excellent course for the beginners, I have learned a lot.  Thanks to Prof. Charles Russell Severance and Coursera !!!
I like this course in every sense, like instructor, pace, material, designing and interactive session was all so Good
Perfect to start with Python.  Overall, easily understandable concepts for any with no prior knowledge in the topics.
Great course, updating me about this programming language and also another aspects of the engineering world. ThanksQ!
Really interesting and wonderful course which I have learned about programming until now; will continue to study more
Best python course for beginners. I would highly recommend to those who have a little or no knowledge of programming.
I learned new things about programming while learning this new language in a fun and simple way, thanks to Dr. Chuck.
an interesting beginner's course. it's a pleasure learning with a patient and charismatic teacher! Thank you so much!
The instructor is incredible! He breaks things down and makes it easy to understand and makes you want to learn more!
I love the way Dr.chunk teach  us python through this course ..enough for beginner level awesome teaching methodology
Excellent course with the detailed explanation about the basics and well designed assignments for effective learning.
The course was very helpful for me and I learned a lot like how computer understands the instructions given by human.
It was awesome to get tips from the instructor and there were some very interesting videos at the end of each week..!
very nice.The process of teaching is very good.I am very  grateful to you for completing the the course successfully.
Its really useful for me I would really thanks to Dr. Chunk professor those who greatly teaches in the way of course.
Quite informative. Really like the way the course's modules are organized and instructed by a well qualified teacher.
Excellent course for people with NO EXPERIENCE AT ALL in programming.Very good and easy introduction to Python basics
This course was very efficient it clarified my basic concepts very efficiently I just loved to learn from this course
Pace is great.  I programmed some time ago and found it easy to pick this up again thanks for the presentation style.
It is a wonderful and interesting learning trip for me! Thanks for all the teachers! I highly recommend this courses.
Fantasitic experience for Python starters. The professor is really humerous and is able to explain things explicitly.
Awesome course for beginners who want to pick up Python ,..  starts from absolute basics and builds up very nicely ..
It's really awesome and everyone, even without any experience, should take this course. Programming never was so fun!
Great Curse !!! It is an excellent course, with very good examples and the exercises are practical and of good level.
Enjoyed the class. Well structured with refined presentation making the subject easily accessible and fun to work on.
Excellent introductory course to Python. As a non-programmer, the course was structured well and presented in an easy
Excellent overview on Python with useful excercises and detailed explanations. I enjoyed every single task and video.
It's a illustrative introduction with juicy basic information, that can be considered as a mile stone for programming
This was a great course. Dr. Severance really makes you feel like you can become a programmer and makes it seem easy.
What a lovely experience with Dr.Chuck, this is the first time I am learning a program online and it was just awesome
Excellent for those just starting or those who know a language other than python but are a bit rusty and out of date.
Fantastic course! This course is a great introduction to Python. I can't wait to start the next one, Data Structures!
Everything that was explained by Charles Severance is good and illustrative. I really learned a lot  from this course
Thanks to this very introductory course on Python, now I am ready to program in python and learn more data analytics.
The course is awesome .I want to thank Sir Charles Severance who provides me lots of imformation during this course .
Excellent lecturer and great course to start learning programming.   Thumbs up University of Michigan and CHUCK!!!!!!
Good introduction to programming. It made me register for the second module before I had even finished the first one!
This course is a great introduction to Python and Charles Severance is an excellent teacher. He is also fun to watch.
It was a great course. I had all the time in the world to finish this course the instructors are really co-operative.
It was an amazing experience. The course material was well taught and made to look relatively much easier. Thank you.
Thank you for preparing this excellent class, it helps me a lot. The videos after the class content is great as well.
Love this. coming into this with a little knowledge of Java really shed light on alot of dark areas. Thanks Coursera!
Ideal for starters of python programming.. Content is easy to understand and the delivery by the prof is exceptional.
Very interesting and easy to understand course with some challenges which force your thinking to get out of the box.
Great course content and great teacher he explain wonder full and clear my all points.i will recommend to every one.
I have experienced some better python basics tutorial here. Dr chuck is amazing. Looking into more courses. Thankyou
Literally the best Python course with tests, practical interactive questions, and amazing course content. Thank you!
Good  experience to recollect the language.Really it is better for the people,who started learning the PYTHON......!
Very well made course with a very amazing instructor whose way of explaining concepts is interesting and compelling.
Loved this course! Perfect language and examples even for a person who does not have too much experiencie in coding.
Very good begginer course, the chapters are well constructed and the instructor is great at explaining the concepts.
The instructor has been a great support and the way of representation helped us to understand things in a better way
It was easy and helpful. Highly recommended for beginners in Python. I've found this course very good and effective.
It was a good experience. The way you taught us. That was incredible. For that, I want to say thank you very much 🙂
The introduction to what is software, what is hardware and all the fun in between is what makes this course special.
It is an excellent course for those who want to start programming, not only with phyton for any programming language
Really a good course with good understandings. The teachings make students listen to the lecture with more interest.
Very nice course for basic programming in Python3.Dr. Chuck explained it very well and with good examples. Loved it.
Course is very good in terms of pace, explanation, span. Looking forward to complete other courses regarding Python.
It's really prove that programming is for everyone and it's like playing a "snakegame that old one"Thanks to Mr.chuk
Brilliant course. Easy to learn makes it simpler to understand the basic knowledge of internal work snd programming.
It is really an interesting and useful course. i will continue learning python or programming in the following days.
last assignment was pretty tough i its solution  video lecture would have been there it would have been a great help
I have a great experience during this course. Dr. Chuk has done a fantastic job. Short, simple yet effective course.
I'm delighted that this course gave me the confidence to learn more about python. Now python seems less intimidating
course and teacher both are great. :) Interesting way of teaching. I like this course very much. Thank you Coursera!
I am very happy after joining this course because it is very good and i learnt so much new and interesting knowledge
Thanks for giving an opportunity to learn python basics , I learn lot of concepts , i am satisfied about the course.
This course is excellent for beginners as the flow makes them easy to follow and gain more interest in learning more
It was really very nice to learn the basic of python with Dr. Chunk. i Loved it very much and feel interest for next
I really enjoyed this program. I like the leture, test, assignment format. It was a lot easier than I was expecting.
A bit slow to the real subject at first with the two first chapter. But this is a great course to begin python with.
this course is actually engineered for everybody. Cause it's to understandable. Thanks a lot  to dr.chuck especially
A very exciting and excellent way of teaching the basics of python language making you confident to learn new things
I highly recommend this course. The teacher is amazing and concepts are explained in a simple and crystal clear way.
Osm Course and it was fun learnt many new techniques with dealing with basic s i the field of this advanced language
It is a awesome course i am learning. The course instructor is an awesome teacher. He have a special power to teach.
This course was great especially because of Dr. Chuck. He has made this course easy as well as interesting to study.
it was a very interesting course because teach in the specific things what a person needs to develop a small program
Very interactive and well taught course, very well and easily explained by Dr Charles Severance.Thank you so much :)
I learn a lot of thing from this course, thanks Mr. Charles for comprehensive and coherent lecture notes and slides.
Got to learn a lot of new things. I would suggest others to take this course, if they want to start learning python.
Very useful, and I will recommend my friend to come here and study this series of courses.Best wished to all of you.
Loved it! The instructor is a lot of fun, it was almost scary how fast I learned how to hand code various functions!
This was a fun and a great beginning to python, the exercise questions makes one to apply all the concepts loved it!
I liked that everything was explained clearly and on examples. The tasks were helpful in practicing what we learned.
Humorous professor and attractive lectures！It helps me a lot in getting start with Python! Thanks professor Charles!
This is friendly to all kinds of students. No matter you are new to programming or you learned some other languages.
Professor Severance is an excellent and engaging teacher.  He made this intro class to Python exciting and engaging.
a very good course for beginners it helped me a lot as a beginner hint: if u know C++ this will be very easy for you
One of the best instructor. Very helpful course and well designed Syllabus. Nice course to begin python programming.
It was really a very enjoyable learning.Lot of thanks to Coursera & Dr. Chuck.I would always be grateful to you all.
Excellent course to start of learn Python as your new language for either experienced or non-experienced programmer.
It was very good, the instructor was also very fun and friendly. He made everything easy to understand. Thank you :)
Cogent and accessible to all skill levels, the course is well-organized, engaging and, at times, quite intertaining.
The course content was delivered excellently which made Python programming interesting to me. Thanks a lot coursera.
This course by Dr Chuck is very detailed and explanatory. I do like the bonus video post completion of each chapter.
Excellent Course. Charles does a great job instructing beginners with the language. Great examples and explanations.
Amazing course. Very detailed for beginners. Only you need to have a knowledge of Command line Interface beforehand.
Brilliant course for a beginner in programming. Lectures are engaging, easy to follow and the resources are amazing!
Wonderful Experience! Thanks to Coursera and Professor for giving me the opportunity to learn the python programming
gives a great refresh to programming basics and if you didn't study in uni its the best way to learn what you missed
Very friendly to beginners. Dr.Severance teaches in a very accurate and clear way. I Strongly recommend this course.
Started learning myself from Learning Python, Mark Lutz. Would recommend this course over any book. Deserved 5 stars
Good course, I picked up interest for programming. Before of this course, programming used to be overwhelming to me.
It is very attractive course, that teach me how to start programming with Python. Highly recommended. Anas Darkoushy
this is a fun and very easy course if you have some prior programming knowledge. i liked it and found it interesting
This course is very easy to explain Python and helps you get started on your first program. I recommend this course.
Thank you for your teaching. It helps me a lot. This is my first time to use Python and I have fell in love with it.
I like the course and how the professor structured the contents. Everything is very helpful for a starter of Python.
I never got bored, the professor managed to keep the attention high and his explanations were always extremely clear
For people who has learned other code application, this course is pretty easy. I hope people could choose the level.
Excellent, personable teacher, great video lectures, assignments are simple, but great at demonstrating key concepts
Excellent course!Clearly demonstrates the usage of commonly used syntax and else,I'm going to continue.Thank you,Dr!
It's fantastic beginning in my journey toward mastering python language. Charles Severance is amazing. Thank You :-)
Teacher is Greatest :-) and it's my first course on Coursera.org, and the teacher like mother in online education :)
Chuck does a terrific job of explaining and describing the trials and tribulations of learning to program in Python.
Excellent explanations of python.  Course brings programming to an understandable level without being too elementary
very helpful course for beginners, we can learn a lot and the assignment tool and the problems in it are challenging
it was a great opportunity to remember everything that we learned first year of engineering faculty in python class
Great course for begginers. I had alredy tried python before, but this was a fast and great reminder of the basics.
Teacher is Good, he use basic examples for those who does not have the Coding background to understand the concept.
firstly instructor is very funny and active explained each and everything in detailed very good course for biggners
It was great experiences learning. Enjoyed learning with easy illustrations of insights and knowledge by Dr. Chuck.
This course gives you a foundation to understand how Python works, the videos well explained are easy to understand
The instructor was very thorough, and the review exercises are perfect for anyone who wants to revise their basics.
Learning this without a physical lecturer is a little tough, but this has forced me to understand things by my own.
excellent teacher, and truly excellent experience. Wish there was better experience with getting questions answered
Everything you need to know if you have zero experience in computing and want to have a clean start on programming.
Very helpful to clear my programming basic concept with excellent explanation and exercises.Thank you Dr  Chuck. :)
Excellent course about introduction of python. And great instructor. Happy to met you Dr. Chuck. Thank you for all.
It's a good introductory course, really enjoyed the last week 7 assignment. Looking forward to learn more on Python
Perfect for beginners with no cs background! It was easy to handle but provided solid information. Really liked it!
This introduction is great for people with no programming background. It covers the basics and it is very friendly.
It would be better if you provide more exercise. In general, the course is great. Professor made an incredible job.
Great introduction to Python, engaging instruction that made otherwise intangible subject matter possible to grasp!
Want to start programming in Python? Yes,this is the course one should start with. I'm really glad i enrolled here.
Great Course for a beginner in programmingBest possible way to build interest and get into the world of programming
It's a good course for beginners but it's not a full course of python. Some chapters are still remaining of python.
everything I was looking for in an intro Python class, good pace, great professor, great platform for learning code
The course was great. The instructor was exceptionally good. I loved the entire course and looking forward to more.
Despite being an experienced programmer and teacher, I found the learning materials and experience very satisfying.
first time i have gone through python.  i am thankful the course coordinator and coursera for bringing this course.
I have done this course! it is a very helpful course to know about Python All the course materials are just perfect
Good instructor and very easy to understand! Not going to master it yet, but definitely got a foundation of python.
Great course. What  liked the most, the instructors answers most the questions of students in the discussion forums
I have learned the basics of python on an app, but the homework in this course is what puts it all together for me.
Dr. Chuck made the content easy to understand and learn even for a beginner like me. Thank you. Highly recommended.
The course provides a proper basic knowledge in Pyhton and a solid foundation for further learning of the  subject.
very good course. instructor teaching method is outstanding. class is not boring and concept easily understandable.
Excellent course! Very easy to understand. And the tutorials for the exercises improved my way of programming a lot
I absolutely loved this course. It was the first programming course I took, and it got me interested and motivated.
Great course for programming propose to learn logic and conceptual concept related to programming skills. I like it
it's amazing course, the professor is very patient, and I like these interview of this course, thank you very much.
This is a very great course and I like the tutor's mode of teaching. I hope to do more courses taught by this tutor
Great course for absolute beginners, and is also helpful for those with prior knowledge by providing a quick recap.
Thanks for giving me scholarship for learning this course. Content is excellent. Guest lecture by Python developer.
One of my favorite courses yet. Topics covered are spot on. Completely a fan of Charles throwing his best of humor.
Absolutely amazing course! Recommend it to everyone who wants to start to learn the coding from the very beginning.
Need more clarity on how to address queries related to quiz questions. Instructor and teaching materials are great!
To be honest, is an excellent course for starters. Even if you don't have any background in computer science at all
This is an amazing course. Dr. Severance is a very good teacher, and his explanations are super easy to understand.
Easy to follow instruction, good help in discussion forums. I'm going to be continuing in the other Python classes.
Very useful course for python programmers. I can´t wait to starting the next one. It was awesome. Truly recommended
Very Interesting course and thanks to Charles severence .He is very good teacher with fun elements in his teaching.
Great course although I have done some python programming the videos and logic problems really improve your skills.
Took the course as a beginner.Good structure, easy to understand, good mix of theory vs. practice.Strong recommend!
The way they structured the course was good, it was user friendly also to do all the assignments and video lectures
The instructor is actually good. He keeps us occupied and also he takes away the fear of programming from our minds
Awesome course for beginners! I bet that you will fall in love with programming with this course.Thank you so much.
Very good intro to Python. I enjoyed the course. I wish there were more exercises per chapter, but otherwise great.
Absolutely fantastic way to get to learn Python and getting started with it. Would recommend 10/10 and already did.
I've learnt the Python language and how to have some ideas on programming. I'd recommend this course to my friends.
The course provides very good material.It is easy to understand.Practice exercises are very useful and challenging.
This is a very good and fun course to get started on python you can do it on almost every computer or laptop system
This was great! This course was really a good match for my learning style and I thought Prof Severance was awesome!
Explains concepts very clearly. Anticipates and deals with possible stumbling blocks for students. Quite excellent.
I am loving this course, the instructor is very detailed when explaining the principles of programming.  I like it!
That's what I really deserved. Absolutely clear video lecture explanations. The book is awesome. Thank you so much.
very good program for learning python and the instructor is very good he discuss small basic and build the concept
I actually Learned a lot from this course without any prior knowledge...So This was really Good Experience for me.
Great introduction to Python!  Looking forward to subsequent courses in the University of Michigan specialization.
it was very usefull for beginners , here the instructor was very friendly to us ,,,, very good learning experience
this course is absolutely amazing. I recommend you to take this. that will be a good start to learn how to program
very informative and detailed explanations, the difficulty of the assignments is according to the studied material
The course was arranged in a very interesting manner. It was very easy to understand the contents of the lectures.
Excellent beginner course. The instructor has a quite charm in him. He helped me a lot to learn the things better.
This was GOOD, INFORMATIVE & an INTRESTING Course.The Course In-Charge or Dr.Chucks  really teaches well.Thank You
Thank you coursera ,, In this course i leaned many python concepts which is i don't known concepts like exceptions
Thank You so much for teaching in a very innovative way. It was my first ever online course and i just loved it :)
Quite entry level, if you have basic experience in any programming language, then is class is just a piece of cake
Excellent course material with perfect teacher to make you understand each and every thing related to the course .
This should be your start of python learning. It is easy to catch up and keep your passion all trougth the course.
Great course and a great instructor. Thank you, Coursera, Thank you Programming for everybody. I've learned a lot.
i have learnt a lot about python here...thanks to the team of university of MICHIGAN and coursera for helping me .
i feel it would be more helpful if the number of examples were more so that the syntax explanation would be better
The best course anyone can get who is looking forward to study python without any prior experience in programming.
Great course.. Very easy to follow.. Very less workload.. I wish I had Dr. Chuck in my university as a Professor..
Develop My skill in python and also develop my interest toward Python to make it as my primary language  developer
This course is a best course for introducing python to someone who never had previous experience with programming.
Easy language and a wonderful teacher, with simple examples and easy understanding!Very nice course for beginners.
Dr. Charles is an excellent teacher. The entire course was explained in a very interesting and interactive manner.
Excellent course ... I am very happy with this course. This is very useful for beginners in the programming world.
I enjoyed it.  Very clear and straight forward!  The projected necessary time commitments are strongly overstated.
This course is awesome. Dr. Chuck's down to earth definitions and explanations of every topic will blow your mind.
Good explaination by Dr.chuks......It worth joinig course for people who are interested in programming..Thank you.
One of the great courses. It has covered small things that other courses do not include. I like the way he taught.
It is very good website for learning .I really understand very nicely.I appriciate your online courses on coursera
great platform for learning new skills,Dr.chuck explains every thing , this is the best way for learning something
Excellent. The way arrangement of topics and examples is awesome. the best programming class , i attended till now
Great course for people who know nothing about programming and also a great intro to python basics for programmers
It is an excellent course for anybody who is keen to learn Python and has zero knowledge of programming languages.
The course was really helpful to get over the basics of python.Really liked the professor and his teaching methods
If you want to get into programming and you have some spare time in your hands, you are going to love this course.
Great course! Recommend it to anyone who does not know anything about programming. This is a great place to start.
Very helpful beginner course for programming with Python for those who don't have many experiences of programming.
Excellent course, starts from very basic level which makes it easier to understand. Instructor is great. Thumbs up
Professor Charles is a very learned professor who makes it so easy to understand fundamental programming concepts!
Getting started with Python is a topnotch course and easy to understand for people with no programming background.
This course covers all the basics of python programming. Very helpful and good teaching by the professor Dr. Chuck
I love this course so much! Thanks a lot to Charles, he is a great teacher, it was a pleasure to watch his videos)
Well done, easy to follow. Challenging. I really learned a lot and look forward to the next course with Dr. Chuck!
This course is a fantastic introduction to Python. Highly recommended for people with zero programming experience.
Thank you for this course. Each and every topic was discussed so properly and made it easy for me to learn Python.
Great class, Prof. Severance. I learned a tremendous amount and look forward to finishing the certificate program.
This is a well constructed course that really eases a new programmer into the basic concepts of Python. Well done.
Course is very good for the Python beginners  with simple example and content of the course is easy to understand.
The professor teaching this course is good. He knows his things and can express it well. I am enjoying this course
Very good course atlest for those who just want to get started with Puthon and who don't know anything about that.
It started with basics. Its really helpful to those who don't have any idea about programming.Thank You Dr. Chuck.
It's efficient and useful for a student to learn the extra courses .  Pyhton teaching is really nice and effective
Excellent instruction: clear, understandable, funny. This was my first Coursera course and I thought it was great.
I love what I have learned from this course and I will go over these basic materials and concepts again and agagin
I am very thankful to this coursera which give really amazing platform to learn online courses.thank you..........
This course really helped me with some basic concepts i didn't know and will be very useful to keep learning more.
Great course and great instructor for novice. But the auto assignment grading too can cause  a lot of frustration.
The courses are very explicit and understandable. Comment from a beginner without any experience with programming.
just amazing love thecourse the content, all the explanation and the teaching methods everything is just awesome ,
Instructor is very good at explaining complex concepts at a very fundamental level and building your knowledge up!
I got started with Python. And now I am rdy for solving more difficult problems, studying details of data analysis
This is an excellent course especially for professionals, the instructor was great, explains the material clearly.
I'd never study about programming before, this is the first time.This course is easy learning Thank you so much :)
I had a lot of fun taking this course.  I plan on doing it again however to get it better ingrained into my brain.
Excellent course with easy to understand materials. Expect to put in the work and study for quizzes and practices!
The course is great!! Doctor Severance is awesome and the assignment is at right level of difficulty~!I love it~!!
I think to give a option of py2 or py3 is better.Generally speaking， it is a good lesson for first step of python.
If you are a beginner then i think this is the best to start. This course will definitely make your basics strong.
these course is so useful and easy at the same time, i have to add, Mr. Severance teaches in a very very good way.
This Course is Amazing. Thank You Dr. Chuck for such amazing tutorials. Thank You Coursera and Michigan University
Well designed course for all computer and non programming graduates. The explanation is precise and not boring. :)
This course is extremely helpful and thoughtfully designed keeping in mind about users who are new to programming.
Funny professor. Really easy-understood conceptions and explanations. Look forward to the incoming series classes.
I like this course as a beginning of learning python. Prof Chuck is really nice and attractive during the courses.
This is my first online course i did through Coursera and it was amazing to learn basic of python I love Coursera.
Really great course for people with absolutely no background in programming. It's really short and very fun to do!
Good introduction to python, presented with easy to understand examples and exercises cement the concepts learned.
I think it's very helpful for me. I like this course. May be I can do the data analysis with Python in the future.
really helpful and interesting course that gives you a bit taste of how to harvest web data with beautiful Python.
A great little introduction to Python! You can move quickly through the course and jump into the next one. Thanks!
fantastic course! thank you so much for sharing this on website, it's so helpful for my beginning to learn Python!
Great course! It goes kind of slow which I really appreciate since it gives you the oportunity to go step by step.
I am extremely happy and satisfied with this course. Thanks to Charles Russell Severance for the way of teaching.
very good one for beginners.class have taken in a simple and clear way , that could easily understand by everyone
Thank you Mr. Chuck. for an excellent session. Thank you Coursera, Looking forward in learning few more courses .
The way of teaching is excellent and grows more interest in the student. It's been wonderful taking this course!!
This is a great course, the professor is passionate about Python which makes it easier to learn complex problems.
had a great time experiencing how to programme in python.moreover the way of teaching is very easy to understand.
It easy to understand the lessons. Very good instructor. Also, it challenge you with the activities. It is great!
THIS COURSE IS VERY INTERESTING AND STARTS WITH THE BASICS.THE CREDIT GOES TO THE INSTRUCTOR:"Charles Severance".
Very good and intresting course, the lecturer is very knowledgeable person and his teaching Technic os very good.
Great course,. I have been studying programming for 6 years new and few introductory courses compare to this one.
Its an excellent course for learning Python Programming for bigginers. Really liked it.Dr. Chuck is awesome :-) .
i think the best explanation one can ever give is given by the teacher.it was fun learning python. thank you sir!
An excellent course for beginners. You are going to enjoy a lot and have a great time with this course. Go ahead!
Good one for first time programmers.As it not only focus on Python but looks as programming as a motive to teach.
This course is an awesome opportubity for every programming lovers. Dr.chuck should take every programming class!
Probably the best course for beginners. My best wishes and sincere thanks for the coolest professor Dr. Severence
I really enjoyed being taught by Dr.Chuck and also loved this course. I learned really a lot of things from here.
The way sir was explaining everything was fabulous. He kept giving us real world example which helped in learning
The best Instructor and a good course to start programming in python. Thank You Dr. Chuck, for your quality time.
this is my first course on Coursera and this course I  successfully complete this course instructor is very good.
It is good for basics.I recommend a way to skip the first with a pre-test module if you know programming already.
It was really easy to understand. Since I know other programming languages I'm happy to add python to my arsenal.
Thank you very much Dr. Chuck for this awesome course. Your presentation was really awesome. Enjoyed the learning
Great course! An excellent teacher, Dr Charles makes it all simple; Python for Everybody, in the most real sense.
Strongly recommended to people who are new to programming! Very clear, detailed, and easy-to-follow instructions.
His explanation of how a function works very understandable. He had perfect examples and questions for beginners.
Great introduction to using python. Really breaks everything down step by step and makes it clear how to do well.
This is a great course for anybody that wants to begin using Python or to review the basic prompts in the system!
It is a perfect course for beginners. I would recommend it to those who looking forward to start learning python.
Dr.Chuck is a amazing instructor. His presentataion of  the python language made it easier for me to understansd.
This course is really great and the way Charles sir explains the concept is awesome. I really enjoyed this course
The instructor is wonderful at explaining and illustrating concepts for the newcomer. This is the place to start.
This course help me to improve my basic programming skills and it clears my whole doubt. This course is very good
I highly recommend who has no prerequisite knowledge of programming and Python language. Very informative course.
Very good subject matter and very well taught. Also the excersises and the programming assignments are very good.
This was good course compare to other online courses and here neetly explain basics of computer and python course
A very  useful and basic course of Python in coursera. I think everybody will learn this language by this course.
Great intro. Lectures a bit longer than they need to be but understand that the extra chat adds a personal touch.
O have learnt a lot of knowledge about python here . It is useful in my future . The way of teaching is too good.
This course is really helpful and friendly to beginners! I really appreciate the work professor Charles had done!
perfect for beginners in programming in general, as it starts from the basics and provides with a lot of examples
Really amazing experience. The instructor has a 'pool of knowledge' and makes understanding of concepts very easy
Really enjoyed doing this course. Instructor taught each session clearly , which encourages to continue learning.
It was really exciting learning a new coding language with Charles Russell Severance.thank you so much, Coursera.
Great course! The instructor is very engaging and informative. Highly recommend this class if you are a beginner.
Excellent course for beginners who wants to learn their first programming language. Great clarity of explanation.
I come from China. This course can not only help me to learn python basic knowledge, but also improve my English.
The Credit goes to Dr.Chuck﻿﻿﻿, who is ﻿﻿o﻿ne of the best profe﻿ssors I have come acro﻿ss﻿﻿﻿.﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿
Great teacher and pace. The assignment helped apply the knowledge. I would recommend this class to any colleague.
teaching is excellent. this is very good course to start with if we dont have any prior knowledge of programming.
It was just great to learn in this platform. Easy to understand and the sequences of the teaching is appreciable.
I really enjoyed this course. It was challenging and very detailed. I look forward to continuing studying Python.
Its my first online course and this was my best experience to explore myself to complete quiz and all that stuffs
This is a basic course of python programming.Anyone with absolutely no programming language can take this course.
Thes course provides us with an interesting journey in which we can explore the splendid coding world. Thank you!
Teaching style and methodology of Charles Sir is really good.He made this course easy to understand and complete.
I have always struggled with programming classes. Charles provides an amazing & engaging web learning experience.
It was pretty good for learning the basics and I am keen to look forward to next step in the same specialization.
Chuck's class are very enjoyable and his explanations are so clear! I am really enjoying my time learning python.
Easy to understand, in depth concepts, really good instructor.I strongly recommend anyone who wants learn python.
Excellently structured, straight forward and clear. I enjoyed refreshing my programming skills. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
It's been an amazing start and looking forward to completing the entire specialization! Wish me luck Dr.Chuck! :)
completely blown away with the content of this coursevery helpful for GATE ,GRU exams and university examinations
Wee structured, every topic covered in depth with suitable example. Easy for a person new to programming as well.
Fantastic course and instructor. The material is presented in a way that any beginning programmer can understand.
Topics chosen for this course are really good and going with basic is bringing back the lost confidence for many.
Love the content, the pace and teaching methodology which breaks down the topic in an easy to understand manner..
Loved the course; esp how the basics are covered. Great details, for people like me who is totally new to Python.
The teaching materials, quizzes and assignments given were appropriate and ideal for beginners to pick up Python.
Good introductory python course for beginners. Very systematic and thorough going. Thanks for all the professors.
Easy python IDE. Must match the answers exactly as desired output. So overall I really had fun doing this course.
The lectures, assignments, and quizzes: all helped me to get an insight of how programming works! Awesome course!
Perfect for beginners. Great lecture videos. Assignments and quizzes test both theory as well as the application.
Excellent for someone who is completely new to programming, like someone who is switching from a different field.
Very good way to learn Python programming language and apply the techniques in practical programs and situations.
I've been trying to learn Python for a year and this is the first course that got me serious about it. Thank you!
Professor Severance is a great professor, explains concepts very clearly, while making the material interesting .
This is a good course. I can understand Python easier with this course than just reading the tutorial for Python.
Really great course! I had a lot of fun beginning to learn Python and will continue to learn in the next courses.
Very helpful mentors. I learned a lot and it was a great foundation course. I am excited for what is coming next.
An excellent introductory course to guide you through the programming world. The professor is really interesting!
Enjoyed this course thoroughly! Will recommend to anyone with zero experience looking to learn more about Python!
Covers fundas like print, input, if, for, break, continue, try, except, while. This course is good for beginners.
This course try to guide you to think in a more efficient way. It is a good course to start learning programming.
this helped me a lot . i am currently doing the other four courses and am looking forward to gain a lot from it .
The course content is very good. Instructor is very good and friendly. Easy to understand and very good examples.
As a review on what I learned before, it is a good start for continuing the rest of courses in the specialization
It is a pretty good course, but maybe it's too basic for people that has already worked with some other languages
very good course to start your way to be a programmer . thanks to the very good doctor and the very good content.
Pr Severance is such a good teacher that everything is clear , appears so  simple and on top of that we have fun!
This was my first course in Coursera and I can only say that I loved it! Good course with an awesome teacher!! :)
Very well explained and made easy to understand for all the students. Great Class to begin the journey of Python.
It's an awesome course whether You are a new to programming or not,, Its very helpful... And I am loving python..
Very detailed information for those who starts - basic knowledge not only about Python but also about programming
i feel this course is very good and every beginner should go for this course. thumbs up to university of michigan
Found the course a great intro to programming and getting started in python.  (from a +10 year C++/C# programmer)
easy to follow course. I've learned so much following these, the increments in learning are manageable each week.
Very good course for beginners, a little boring for developers who want to learn Python. I recommend this course.
this course is easy to understand and anybody can learn from this weather they are knowing or not knowing python
Very very helpful and with wonderful didatics, i recommend it to anyone with a shred of interest in programming.
Before starting it I had zero knowledge of Python but after that I am very much familiar with Python Programming
This is the great online course.It is very descriptive and informative.The way teacher explains is very helpful.
It was an excellent journey with the most helpful instructor. Loved the contents.And a big thanks to instructor.
This course is excellent mainly because of Dr.Chuck. His way of teaching is really great. Thank you Professor :)
it was good if there were more details, but as the title says "EVERYBODY" it is no problem to skip some details.
good course for beginners, nicely taught, would recommend to add some more practice problem graded or non graded
pretty amazing cource its easy to start with and really helps in understanding the core and the basics of python
The course is very good and highly recommended to anyone who is interested in the field of computer programming.
My Heart full thanks to   Programming for Everybody  InstructorCharles Russell Severance  University of Michigan
I am very much satisfied with this course mainly the simplicity with which the professor taught was appreciable.
It was very interesting to learn from the instructor and the explanation was also very good and understandable .
It was an amazing experience of Learning python with Dr. Chuck!I really acknowledge him for his teaching skills!
its a very good course .. i learn lots of things in this course.. . and the of explaining is too.. favorable  !!
Helped me to understand the basics very well with good explanations and demonstration from Dr Chuck. Thank you!!
I am fully in tune with all the python basics. Thanks to this course by Dr. Chuck. Python is fun with Dr. Chuck.
For a starter in programming this course is helpful in building confidence for future development in this field.
This course helps me to understand the basic concepts of Python. Thank you For Creating such a wonderful course.
Very Informative about the course and I had learnt a lot from the course regarding python thanks for the support
I was least interested in programming but after completing this course I have developed interest in programming.
I loved this course.It helped me to understand the fundamentals for programming with python to a greater extent.
The course is designed for beginners. The pace, content and the support from the teaching staff is just perfect.
Both classes are professor are great! Also, we are able to download an e-book (in PDF too) which helps studying.
awesome teaching with effective assignments i have become a fan of dr. charles severence and his sense of humour
this course is really very useful for build the carrier in programming.the way that sir teaches  i like so much.
Fantastic and awesome learning experience. Thank you very much Dr. Chuck Severance sir for making this possible.
A very good programming language for begginers,learn it ,and make yourself confident in basic programming skills
It completes the maximum set of basics of a programming language that will help beginners in python programming.
It is a very good course structure for beginners & the instructor has taught the very nicely and in a lucid way.
very good explanation ,good teaching style I have learnt lot from this course hope to take more course on python
Exceptional teaching; thoroughly enjoyed the learning process; looking forward to completing the specialisation!
I enjoyed this course. This course is well designed and way of teaching is all awesome. I just love this ciurse.
Its was a nice course especially Mr Chuck and student hour.Learnt a lot and traveled alot as well with Mr. Chuk.
great experience to learn the new generation of programming language. I had a good time to study from the master
Absolutely loved this course. Professor is so great that motivates you to continue learning in a very easy pace.
Well structured program. Best for beginners to get a good insight into what is python and its various functions.
The practicals were best part of it where each concept is explained with code. It was great learning experience.
It's just as described in the course title, it's for everybody. Great work to Severance and the team. Thank you.
any one who wants to kick start there career in python or have a interest to learn python this course is for you
Well explained content and easily understandable. I highly recommend it for all beginner of coding using python.
This is very helpful course for me to understand the basic of python language and understanding of the concepts.
Very nice way to get a first glimpse of what programming with Python is about. Instructor is ... simply the best
i am very glad to complete this awesome course thank you coursera and i wish to complete other remaining courses
It's a fantastic course intelligently thought contents makes it very easy for the learner to grasp the concepts.
It's amazing. what you can achieve with weeks reading a book, you can easily achieve within days on this course!
If you're thinking about programming in general and Phython in particular I cannot recommend this course enough.
I really enjoyed this course and finally grasped some programming skills that I previously was unable to master.
This course is absolutely wonderful. Love it so much and i's really a good start for me. Thanks professor Chuke!
Instructor is awesome. All the concepts neatly explained. Looking forward to complete the other courses as well.
Course is great, i recommend this to everyone who wants to learn python without any prior knowledge of computer.
Excellent course for beginners without any programming background. Exercises and quizzes add to the learning and
Great for beginners! It helped me brush up my basic python skills. It was taught in a very fun and engaging way!
This course is the first step for specialization in Python course best to begin with but still, miles, to go ...
It is a great course for begineers. Easy to understand and implement. Thanks for getting me started with python.
Dr Chuck has a sense of humor! This course was quite enjoyable. It gives me hope that I could pass the next one.
Absolutely loved this course. Breaks down python into easy steps for anyone to grasp. Highly recommended course.
It has been a great learning experience with python course and Dr Severance has explained it exceptionally well!
Very useful for people without specific computer or program knowledge to learn programming starting with Python.
It was excellent and helped me a lot in understanding the basics. The narration is clear and easy to understand.
Awesome style of teaching. Although I know some coding but I really feel like this course is truly for everyone.
I am very grateful to Prof. Charles Severance for designing a course that introduces the absolute beginner so we
Thanks for your lesson, I have had a clear view of python. I think python is really a good tool for programming!
This was certainly a good course to start of with python and the way Dr.Chuck handles the course is simply great
Dr. Chuck is an EXCELLENT teacher.  He talks straight to you, in a way you can understand, and is very pleasant.
Exceptionally amazing course and seriously taught me python like teaching a toddler how to speakTruly Amazing !!
Thanks to Dr.Chuck. Really loved the way he taught. Looking forward to finishing this specialization. Thank you.
Excellent course with DR.Charles Severance,  explaination is easy and simple to understand, and he is very cute.
Wonderful and easy to follow course. Dr. Chuck's personality is light and humorous, despite the serious subject.
Brilliant course!  Love learning coding syntax and Charles Severance is an amazing teacher.  Highly recommended.
p = ("Great course, I learned a lot and I am looking forward to getting started on the next module!")print (p):)
Great introductory course, interviews with Python creator and pioneers in the Software industry are very useful.
Every knowledge point is explained clearly and every example is a suitable review to what we learnt in the class
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. Dr Chuck made it very interesting. Looking forward to complete the next part :)
really suitable for beginner with zero experience of programming. and really nice book, detailed but not boring.
Excellent! Very well taught, analytical, the material is very good and the course makes programming seem simple!
Awesome introduction to Python. Put together in a simple enough way for even a non techie like me to understand!
Dr. Charles made it really easy to understand, and was super energetic. I wish I could learn from him in person!
Absolutely new to Python and this course made it all simple. Great contents and great delivery by the Professor.
Its a very good course, it taught me basics in python , i am looking forward to complete other four courses also
one of the best courses explaned by the best teacheri were able to finish it in 3 daysrecommend it to everyone !
Great course.  Great attention to making sure you are getting the concept. Simple is best when you are learning.
this course is exactly for beginners. Professor is very humorous and excellent ! I like this course very much !!
Great  class. Dr. Chuck makes it interesting. The classes are in small segments, making it easier to understand.
Dr. Chuck is so awesome.  Anybody can become a programmer with this course, and one with substantial competence!
Great efforts have been put in making this course understandable for anyone. It was a great learning experience.
Excellent course.  Just the right amount of work and time for an intro course.  10/10 would recommend to anyone.
Good primer to Python.  Quizzes were spot on and the assignments were clear.  Highly recommended for a beginner.
I had zero programming experience before this course. It is very beginner friendly and the instructor is great.
Absolutely amazing! It's a great course for people who know nothing about programming to start learning Python.
Great introduction to Python and programming as a whole. Everything is broken down making it easy to understand
Great course for online and the instructor is well-versed and not mind-numbingly monotone.  Highly recommended.
This course is really good ,the instructor is very good in explaining things overall this is a fabulous course.
Thank you so much for doing this, I've learned a lot! and I am going to keep learning. I will make it a career.
Thank you. THe course is excellent for beginners and very good introduction to Python. I like the course a lot!
This course is very useful to us it helps in simple codingThank you for providing such an amazing course for us
The course provided me with a perfect structured start. Step by step you will feel more comfortable with Python
I loved the course. I loved the way instructor teaches and comes up with examples. Its like sitting in a class.
This course will take you from zero to hero in python.
and give you all you need to begin in data science field
thanks to coursera to provide such a platform whera we can interact to other student and also learn good skill.
Excellent way of teaching and easily understandable. Even non programmers could understand the concepts easily.
Excellent course instructor but need to add some note for the learner. Enjoy the course so much. Thank you all.
From my view, the most successful thing about this course is: it raised my interest for Python and programming.
i thoroughly enjoyed learning python from Mr chuck . learning was made fun and easygoing. definitely recommend.
Narrator Chuck is awesome. The content was to the point and the teaching was engaging. Hoping to learn more. :)
Excellent introductory course for beginners and really easy way to learn things. A must try course for everyone
coding is fun .learn How code and get the knowledge about coding with python and how to run the code in editor.
The best course for a beginner in Programming...I enjoyed and learned a lot..Thank you very much for the Course
Easy to learn & understand for beginners. Have assignment and quiz which help your understanding of the course.
the course especially the teacher is very good. he created more intrest in me towards the programming language.
Loved this course. The instructor inspired in lot of ways to do more in this course. Hats off to thainstructor.
This course is just awesome and it is boon for the beginners who want to learn the Python Programming Language.
I just completed this course in 1 day. The professor who taught this is course is very cool. Want to continue!!
Great starting point if someone who doesn't have any kind of programming background and wishes to learn python.
Dr. Charles Severance Sir taught us ,the students very amazingly.. Hope to study more from him!Fingers Crossed!
Really simple easy to learn, anyone can pick it up, this course is from like 2016 and still very popular today.
Very good courseThanks to  instructor Prof. Charles Severance for explaining all the things in innovative  way.
I have tried to learn Python through different sources, but none taught me like this course. Thank you so much.
It was a good review for the people who are retuning for programming after long time. Thank You for the course.
this course will really help in my academics and to get a pace in my careerExcellent courseExcellent instructor
I recommend this course to anyone who begins to be interested in programming, everything is fine and affordable
It is indeed a great course. I learnt a lot about python through this course and i recommend it for everyone :)
course was good and learned lot of things in python this course is useful me to further understanding of python
I got to learn a lot in this course. The examples in the video lectures and their explanation is best in class.
This course has great content for beginners, whether in the Python language or in programming in general
thanks
Good course for those who are completely new to programming. Prof. Charles is an awesome man with great energy!
This course is good for people who are new to programming world or those who wanted to clear basics of language
Very gentle introduction to Python.  Lectures were easy to digest and assignments were appropriately difficult.
Thank you Dr, Chuck. I love the way of your teaching definitely looking toward enrolling in your other courses.
Excellent introduction to Python.  I listened to it on 2X speed and was still able to follow it.very well done.
liked the way of simple method of explaining instructions. It is helpful and the course is interesting as well.
The course covers all the basics of Python along with additional support regarding assignments and graded quiz.
Great introduction to python for those with minimal background and a good warm-up for the rest of the material.
I have learned a lot ,Dr Charless has the ability to teach you  in a simple and amazing way .Thanks Dr,Charless
Amazing, I love the Prof's sense of humor. Instilled my interest in programming..:DThank you so much Dr. Chuck.
this is course strat from easy to hard. it helps me to have a basic knowledge on how to use python write codes.
This is the best course for python beginners .Everything is well explained by Dr. chuck and easy to understand.
I love additional videos. The course covers basics of programming and python. It is pleasant and easy to learn.
I like that the course really starts at the beginning, covering all the basics.  I was never lost at any point.
Excellent course, from basic to intermediate knowledge.  This course is provided at a perfect pace to learn ;-)
A perfect detailed course for any beginner level student willing to learn something about python, about coding.
Great lessons! I actually learned a lot from it. By the way, I love the teacher. He really did a wonderful job.
It' s so wonderful, because it is the first coursera i finish. Also the teacher Charles and class are so great!
One of the best online courses I have ever attended! Very thankful for the instructors for doing very good job!
A must for beginners. The prof is sweet, funny and makes everything relate-able and understandable. I loved it.
Course is very informative and designed in such a way that a begineer in programming can learn it quite easily.
I loved this course and the professor. He kept me focused on my goal and his style of teaching kept me engaged.
Great course! Great teacher! Great everything! Can't wait to learn more programming: that was very stimulating!
Simple and good visual way of explaining things. You can cruise through this as review and still pick up things
This course is awesome for who never learn other language before. Too easy for other programing language users.
Concepts are explained very well. The pace at which the course progresses makes it easy to remember everything.
Very good and well structured course for whose who want to take their first steps in learning python. Loved it!
Great Content, very basic good for beginners. Looking to move forwards to other courses of this specialization.
I thought it was a very helpful course. The instructor had a good sense of humor and he knew his stuff as well.
Great class and I learned a lot! I would recommend this course to anyone wanting to get a foundation in Python.
if you love programming and python this coures is very useful for all life Best cousre i see you should take it
This course is so perfect to people like me, people who never had write a program, It is so easy to understand.
The course picks up pace from basics and i really like the teaching style, i'm looking forward to other classes
Awesome course. Well presented lectures and good assignments. Looking forward to join more courses by Dr. Chuck
I learned a lot in this course thanks so much for the opportunity. Looking forward into doing the next modules.
I really enjoyed the course. Chuck's lectures are very clear and a beginner can really learn how to use Python.
To a novice programmer, like me, python is the best programming language and this course is perfectly relevant.
It is an excelent course, if you want to learn python. A great teacher who make you like what you are learning.
Very good course, adequate for newcommers to programming as it's a very basic level. Thank you for everything!!
Learnt a lot ,Performed more codes using python  .... Thanks to Coursera .... Looking forward to study more ...
It's a great addition to the book. This course would perfectly feet those who're completely new to programming.
Great, educational course with clear instructions, well written material. You learn a lot in a very short time!
Very good beginners course! Short, easy to understand lectures that teach you the basics of Python Programming.
Vivid explanations gives crystal clarity of language. Will definitely recommend to   friends and acquaintances!
Very good course for 0 base student to learn how to coding.But too easy for some one who has coding background.
The teacher is really good and entertained. I really enjoied this course and learned, despite it is very basic.
Very good course showing the fundamental knowledge of Python, perfect for the beginners.Thank you Dr. Chuck! :)
This is an awesome class for beginning programmers!   The course content is easy and the instructor is very tho
I found it very helpful to somebody with no previous programming experience. Dr Chuck is a fantastic professor!
It is an excellent course for beginners to learn python. Everything is quite systematic and easy to understand.
Very good for starter although I have learn some other languages before. And the teacher is enthusiastic, nice!
Enjoyed Learning Python with a great instructor and great course outline. Thank your Dr. Charles and Coursera.
The instructor was very engaging and easy to follow. You will feel as if you are attending an in-person class.
Course is really good and instructor is amazing . I'm in my full comfort during this course . Thanks Dr. Chuck
best course for beginners. Easy to understand concepts to build your foundation and start the Python Journey..
Gave me all the basic knowledge on python that i needed. PS: I already had idea of C++ so was easier to relate
I now understand all the basics of python. The Dr. Chuck is a great instructor. And I enjoyed the this course.
All the topics where so beautifully explained by the instructor that i am able to write small codes by myself.
A great course to learn the basics of Python and the instructor of  this course is great
Thank you from Jordan
The course is really very nice as one can understand basics & practice it well using the assignments provided.
This is so best course and now i want to learn C++ and JAVA from this coursera to acheive my goals in my life.
It's indeed a great course for beginners . The way the professor illustrates the concepts , its just amazing .
The instructor is awesome and I am glad to complete the course. It is very helpful for the beginners in coding
This course is the best for learning Python Programming Language. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for this amazing course.
This course is very helpful for the beginner and learning under the mentorship of Dr. Chuck is really amazing.
This course is very easy to understand and emphasis on practical knowledge rather than theoretical knowledge .
Wonderful, step by step and gradual working upto a level. Makes the pupil go at ease and at his/her own rythm.
Python was new for me but I have done it so easily and I m confident about it. And would recommend others too.
was very interesting and i learn a lot. thank you all . the instructor was very nice and was very interactive.
Great course to get start for novice learners of programming language.For beginners I definitely recommend it.
The professor is nice and friendly. I like how he has travelled the world and has many perspectives. Kudos !!!
The course content and Instructor were exceptionally great. It was immensely easy to understand and implement.
Very good course. You have to take it if you want to learn Python or some principles in programming languages.
Really  i total fun during the course . we are real in contact of Dr. Chuck thank you again chuck and coursera
this teacher was amezing he helped me to see the python in a very different way...also hes funny and very good
So far i had a great experience about this courses and learned some new things even already being a programmer
It was very easy to  learn and understand since there are a lot of interesting review tests as well as quizzes
Charles severance is a great teacher and has put effort into the creation of this course which is very evident
Amazing intro course. Loved the fun approach and unmaskable joy of the teaching he enthusiastically showcases.
first of all great experience! and the concepts were explained with great simplicity really loved the course!!
Easiest way to learn python. Its like entering the screen due to the sir's expressive teaching. Thank you sir.
great experience and also want to continue the further courses that this course offers with the same professor
You can learn and practice immediately. That's why this course is awesome! :) And also the instructor, too! :)
Very Friendly course I like the way the teacher explain for us that we dont any any knoledges about programing
hello there,I'm giving this course 5 star just because of the tutor ,he explained everything very clearly.....
this course is fabulus i am so happy before it completing and i want to join lots of course from this platform
It was very good.I have learned how to install python3 and work with it.It was an awesome learning experience.
great foundational course! Professor is fantastic, one of the best! Highly recommended to anyone and everyone.
Easy to follow if you're familiar with computer! instructure, Mr. Charles, is quite casual and instructs well.
A good introductory course for programming in python. I am motivated to complete other courses in this series.
excellent instructing by Dr chuck, i would definitely recommend this to all newbies wanting to learn to code .
Brilliant online courses for python programming beginners! Tons of thanks to you!a piece of comment from China
This was my very first programming course! It was the perfect combo of challenging yet doable. Thanks so much!
thanks for letting us learn Python and this course is Easy to understand due to great efforts by the Professor
It is a very interesting course even if you don't know anything about programming. Great teacher to be honest!
Very well explained and best thing to start off. Would recommend completing at a stretch instead of in breaks.
So glad I did this course - so interesting and the videos are really down to earth which makes it even better.
Amazing for learning more about Python and its applications for a newbie in the field of software development.
This is a great course, I learned a lot but mostly appreciated the manner in which the material was presented.
Excellent course for beginners.  It gave me the confidence to continue on with more advanced program learning.
great course, operate at your own pace.  cant wait to take the next one and start using practical applications
It is a great course. The lecturer is able to explain strange logics and ideas in a very clear and simple way.
Dr Chuck explains everything in a way you enjoy and learn at the same time.going to take more courses here! :)
The elementary knowledge was delivered clearly and it is easy to understand.Further, Dr.Chuck is humorous. LoL
This is the best course I have taken so far for programming!! I can't wait to see what's up next !!! Thank you
The course is designed in a wonderful manner for someone who's very new to programming. I enjoyed the course !
Charles Severance does a fantastic job at breaking the info down. Best single source for anyone new to Python!
Course is very nicely put together.  I feel like I have a good, basic, beginner's understanding of Python now!
I really liked the way information is presented in this course. It is easy to listen and understand all topics
It is a perfect course as the first step in programming, with fantastic lecturer, professor Charles Severance.
Better teacher ever. A nice English speaker for non in main language and a clear explain in every line of code
This course is good to learn for someone who is not having prior programming language and exposure over python
Excellent instructor, easy to understand, excellent English and easily accomplishable while working full-time.
Easy to understand and loads of examples given :)Also, the bonus section at the end of each chapter was fun :D
Wonderful course! Observed words are hard to learn to use but if you hold all of them, it deserved the effort.
Very good teaching. Examples make learning fun and easy. A very few number of mistakes in the course material.
Very easy to follow; resourceful materials for those looking to build up basic structure of programming logic.
This course was very well explained and was easy to follow. Free materials with the course were a huge help!!!
Thankyou so much for this. I really learnt so easily. Before o found this i was struggling with books n stuff.
Excellent illustrations and explanations, I recommend the program for everyone who want to start learn Python.
great course for learning the basics of computer science through Python. Professor breaks it down really well.
The professor was very knowledgable and passionate about the course, which motivated me to learn the material.
The course is great, Dr. Chuck is funny and erudit. Hope i can finish all the coursed in this speciallization.
The professor is so interesting! He also makes the content easy to understand. Highly recommend for beginners!
Excellent course. Simple and direct. I had a lot of fun learning Python! Dr Chuck is the best!!!!!Thanks a lot
Very good didactics. It was a pleasure to participate in this course. Thanks for providing such good material.
A lot of enthusiasm from the lecturer. Lecturer explains well. Very easy to understand. Content sequenced well
Loved the course. Really helpful for a beginner in programming. Concepts are made really easy for me to grasp.
I would say it is really a very nice series of courses. I like it very much and I will definitely stick to it.
i really love it! Blastoff!You are so much better teacher than most of lecturer in my college, Mr. Severance!
Great course to remember high level programming after taking a two-year break. Also good for python learning.
A great course. The lecturer was very good. I learnt a lot and it was a very enjoyable experience. Thank you.
I didn't liked coding. Throughout the course I never got bored or found anything difficult. Very well taught.
The course has been very useful and it teaches with very basics of python and it's fun to learn this language
Gran curso, ahora comprendo el lenguaje python (basic) Great course, I now understand Python language (basic)
excellent for getting start with python programming.professor chuck very nice and practically explain python.
Very good course for beginners everything is explained in detail and simply, its easy to understand and learn
I really appreciated this course. I thank a lot Coursera for this. And the teacher M. Charles was a best one.
It was really helpful, as an student who never coded before i was able to understand and code myself as well.
I liked so much the clear explanations of the instructor and the many resources that compliment our learning.
Love This course.This Course helps me alot to clear my concepts of Python 3.Thank You so much................
I'm very happy that i enrolled for the course,I learned a lot, it was very understandable,thank you very much
A really helpful course that can teach any one how to write a code even if he has no clue what programming is
this is really good and im glad started my first course with this course. thank you so much for the education
It's my pleasure to complete the first course of the specialization. The journey was fantastic and enjoyable!
Actually this course for beginner and i love this this course because it help me to take step in programming.
Excellent all the way, but the intellectual jump that excercise 5.2 took in week 7 was a bit out of the blue.
I knew nothing about python when I started, but now I think this course has helped me build foundations in it
This course provide lot of information and techniques for understanding the basic concept of python language.
I love how they start from basics, it was really helpful... and I would definitely say this was worth my time
Amazing introductory course!, nice explanation.
This course is crucial in the way of programming proficiency.
Wonderful course ,really stands by the title ,great instructor necessary controls taught wonderful experience
Excellent teaching, Understandable, Convenient as well. I am so happy of making a choice to join this course.
Great study experience! Easy to learning and easy to understand.Also great and appropriate Assignments given!
Great introduction with good practice to get you thinking with adequate help and references if you get stuck.
Very Nice course...Even no programming background people can also learn python easily..Thanks to instructor..
Excellent course for beginners and the instructor was very good in making each concept clear and interesting.
Excellent and quick coverage of topics by Dr.Charles, great for those who have and haven't done coding before
Great course even if you are aware of programming it will help you to brush up your basics for a new langauge
Love the way this Course is conducted, greatly helps a  newbie like me. Also keep the interest intact. Thanks
it was good for me as all the basic of python language are explained and taught very well through this course
A good series of videos for beginners and those would like to be reminded of learned knowledge within a week.
Too basic and more helpful for absolute beginners. And I love the way of teaching and explanation of Dr.Chuck
Very simple and easy-to-follow introduction to Python. Great for anyone who is interested in getting started!
It was an awesome course, it teaches me all the basics of Python. Thanks, Coursera for this wonderful course.
Very beginner friendly course, still offered insight for a person with slightly more experience writing code.
Really enjoyed learning python.Looking forward to go much deeper into the world of python programming.Thanks.
This is a good course for Python beginner. Easy to understand and get more sense about programming in Python.
I feel this course really helpful for beginners and learning this course made me in strong in basic concepts.
Great course to kick start your Python programming.Thanks to Chuck and his crew for an awesome online course.
Excellent course, Charles is a great teacher, he's funny and explains things in an easy to understand manner.
A quite good course! The framework of this course is very clear and I can think over to finish my assignments
I love the teaching of Dr. Chuck in this course as he explained each and every thing in a very simple manner.
Awesome, we can learn the with out knowding the basic coding also and we should know the little mathematics .
I really like this course.  Charles has made this course very easy to understand and at the same time useful.
this is  amazing course for python.I have learn many things from hereeasy to understand with great instructor
Great learning, from basic, I am a programmer, It was easy for me to understand concepts and syntax quickly .
It was a very good course and the instructor Charles Severance was brilliant in his way of explaining things.
A beginner friendly course that is extremely helpful in helping learn basic Python skills from the ground up.
This is a great course for beginners, not just python beginners but also anyone new to the programming world.
At a very comfortable pace of the course I could learn and understand the basic concepts of Python very well.
very entertaining way to learn the very basics of programming in general and python as a programming language
This course is a wonderful introduction to programming. The lectures are easy to understand and follow along.
They cover all the basics of Python for absolute beginner and the teacher is really familiar.....Thank you...
Great course for learning basic programming skills with Python, such conditional statements, iterations, etc.
Great lecturer (with a computer guy's handwriting, though), perfect pace. Highly recommendable and mucho fun.
It's interesting. The way of teaching Dr. Charles is fantastic and understandable easily. Thanks Dr. Charles.
It's a good start. I learn the basic language and logical structure(sequential, loop, conditional) of Python.
Great introduction course to Python! This course has motivated me to dive into the rest of the Python series.
Absolutely loved it. The lecture materials, quizzes and assignments are on point! Would recommend it any day!
Great for beginners, the lectures were easy to understand and the examples really help to learn the concepts.
A great place to learn python especially for those who don't have any programming experience before.great job
Great pace of a class for a beginning programmer.  Free materials and extra examples if you want to practice.
Brilliant teacher! Kept interest alive throughout the course with fun expressions and examples :) Keep it up!
the test program is a shit because the inputs and outputs are fixed  so we can not evaluate the codes  fairly
A very useful and easy to understand course. Many thanks to the teaching staff for their appreciated efforts!
This was a great course!! I learned so much and Dr Chuck made it very easy and simple to learn this language.
Excellent class and excellent teacher! It really helps me a lot and I can not wait to dig deeper into Python!
The class was fun and easy to fit in my schedule.  The lecturer was fantastic and it was an enjoyable course!
Dr. Chuck is awesome!  I wish I had him at UCF when I was taking CE.  I will continue with the course thanks!
Course is pretty good and the pace it goes through is quite good. Chuck does a great job to keep it going :).
Great course. Perfect pace for those that don't know programming at all.Can be done in one week for the other
Lectures were great! Notes and text were excellent supplemental materials. Python playground was easy to use.
Excellent courses for everyone who want to feel the charm of programming and Python.  Let's enjoy coding now!
I learned a lot of the basics. To get the full experience, I recommend people try the exercises in the books.
I Just loved the amazing course. This should be Good to learn through. I am very glad about my Class Teacher.
Coursera is the in teaching online courses and also Charles Russell Severance is best in teaching keep it up
It was very detailed and explained in a simple way. Any can learn python from here without any difficulties.
Nice and good to listen and every one can do this course.  even a beginner to programming can do this course
this was the best course for understating basic . it can be enrolled by beginners and experts too.. loved it
Amazing course and amazing instructor too. got to learn basics of python.It was fun learning with Dr. Chuck.
Great course. Dr. Chuck makes learning Python easy and fun. I look forward to the next course in the series!
The teacher was amazing, he was really funny and the way he taught was really easy to follow and understand.
thanks really good course i really did enjoy it and now i can start programing with python thank you so much
Best tutor and  take the course very easily you can complete it and understand it with no minimum knowledge.
Amazing experience..learnt a lot from Dr .Chuck, he is an amazing tutor. Would love to take up more courses.
The Instructor for this course is very good in convincing the way of learning new things...! The best...👍🏻
Great course by UofMich, the lectures are so entertaining and the content of the course was what I expected.
It's very interesting learning journey with coursera online course that I have completed. Thank you so much.
The profesor is very cool and I enjoy the knowledge tha i learn today, i will continue with the next courses
A very good course and instructor indeed.........a really good one to go for if you are a beginner in python
I found the course to be informative, accessible, and interesting. Dr. Severance is a phenomenal instructor!
A perfect course for individuals at a beginner level. Lectures are really interactive, resourceful, and fun.
This is a very good course for a beginner. The great instructor, Dr.Chuck will teach you with great content.
this course the best course for absolute beginners it took me from beginning to the advanced level of python
Very well structured and thought out, learning curve is not too steep, material provided is of good quality.
it's very good  course and the instructor is very good he explain every thing in easy way thank you Coursera
Good experience.I have already learned python in previous semester. I dont feel like much unknown.Thank you.
Excellent course. I have tried to learn before but this time not only it was very clear, but also appealing.
Could have added more practice problems but nevertheless, it was an amazing course to start learning python.
the professor is lit, and the way he teaches the concepts is mind blogging. This course was blessing for me.
You would definitely enjoy this course.Becauss of instructor.....Sir has a very good knowledge of Python....
the teaching was excellent anyone can learn this course easily without having any prior knowledge of coding.
Intructor is way too good, and beyond expectations. WIll definitely prefer other courses by same instructor.
It is very good course and it help me develop interest in python language  and I am curiosity more about  it
I like the course.it's a good experience of learning. notes are very good.instructor are easy to understand.
Superb, simple, easy, informal and friendly explanation; creating a strong base for any programming language
This course really help me to understand the basics of python and has made python program easy to understand
Thank you Coursera for the course. A huge round of applauds for Dr. Chuck and his approach towards teaching.
If you're a beginner to python programming, this is the course you should start. Excellent flow and content.
Great course for programming  students, though a little bit previous experience might help finish it faster.
It was pretty good but i felt that the course takes things quite slow but i understand why but i enjoyed it!
SIr explains the things depply and thats'why I tookthis course even though I am familiar with python basics.
Its  a great starter course for anyone who want to kickstart their programming journey. Highly recommend it.
This is an excellent course to start programming. I highly recommend it to anyone with no coding experience.
I really satisfy and this is my first step to learn new languages and I really thank to entire coursera team
Great course! likes it so much. I thanks for Charles teacher and any other intuitors who support the course!
Amazing course! Everything explained so well. Would recommend to anyone who's interested in learning Python.
Course is well thought out and appropriate for beginning learners without knowledge of computer programming.
review="Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) is the Best"print(review) print("Thank you")
It helped me learn programming from the start, and the assignments were well designed! Thank you, Dr. Chuck.
Excellent course. Charles Severance is extremely engaging, and explains things in an understandable fashion.
This is an easy to follow, encouraging and entertaining course. A perfect way to start learning programming!
the assignments are doable. The samples and explanation given by the lecturer were clear and understandable.
Course is very beautifully designed and course instructor is vey nice and my learning experience is awesome.
even if this course is not in spanish, it was really easy to understand all the course very clear everything
Very clear instruction and Dr. Charles Severance is very good at explaining difficult concepts in a fun way!
All the basics needed to understand python is provided in this course, with relevant and brief explanations.
I like the way the course has been taught,  and obviously the content was good. Overall experience -- Superb
Thank you professor Chuck!   is a really good course for us to understand the basic structures about Python.
Excellent course. Really learnt the basics well. Teaching quality was excellent and explanations were clear.
This course is awesome!  I understand Python better now.  I will take the course for next level right now :)
course is very simple and clear, it will be a very good start for the once who is interested to learn python
Excellent course, for someone who has done a little programming before it helped my get to grips with python
Awesome instructor. Great content and lots of helping references and motivation. Very happy with the course.
The information was easy to pick up and retain. Also,  the time and cost are manegable for a valuable skill.
It is a really nice starting to program. I am looking forward for the next courses. Can't wait to go deeply.
Program is very useful to learn basic python.  It helps poor people to  achieve new milestone in there life.
I love it ! it's easy to follow! the source book is free! and it makes python simple! everybody can take it!
This course was fantastic, it is exactly the right pace for someone learning programming for the first time.
Great class for the complete beginner! Dr. Chuck was easy to understand and mad the class very entertaining!
Very well explained, anyone can make this their first programming course or a simple introduction to Python.
Python is fun.This course is very good. A very elegant step by step approach through basics of the language.
The course is very beneficial. The information given is very detailed hence allowing in-depth understanding.
I enjoyed this course - good pace and easy to understand, and an appropriate difficulty level for beginners.
Thanks Professor Severance. It's not hard for me to understand all things in the lecture with the text book.
I 've learned many important concepts in this class. Also,it broaden my horizons about the computer science.
Taught the course in a very nice way for indibduals who have no clue about programming. Great teaching style
A very nice way of teaching! I loved the way how Dr. Chuck make me learn and its material is also very good!
An excellent course for anyone who decided to get acquainted with the programming language and with a python
This course is pretty fast and interesting. Even with some knowledge of Python I took some important things.
A Funnily Serious Approach to Python. Looking for a crash course to get you in on programming, jump on board
the lecturer is great! the learning material is comprehensive. everything is very good for python starters !
Enjoyed the class good introductory material.  I've been in IT for over 30 years and wanted to learn Python.
I haven't programmed since college 20+ years ago, this was a great re-entry into learning a modern language.
This is a must when you want to learn python and you have no background. Moreover, the teacher is the best.
Dr Chuck (Charles) is a very good teacher. It is a good course for a beginner without technical background.
I would say that Dr. Chuck's way of teaching things is just out of this world. The best course for python !
The course is very well planned and designed. The instructor makes it more easy to understand the concepts.
Best course for people who never deal with python and programming at all. Best teacher I have seen for now.
Very easy to understand course for absolute beginners. Would highly recommend this course to my colleagues.
The course and tutorial is clear and easy follow through with exercise that are able to apply in real world
This is a very good course for those who want to learn python from basic.All things are explained very well
One Of The Best Course for Starring as Programmer Thanks Coursera & Charles Severance for beautiful Course.
Thank you for this opportunity and I did learned allot of things about programming and technology..💐💐💐💐
The best way I have ever learnt a programming languageReally would like to Thank coursera for the platform!
Regardless of your profession, you need to be able to code and Python for Everybody helps you do just that.
this course is really helpful in getting started with python .the way of serving the knowledge is awesome..
Excellent Instructor and Excellent course outline. You will enjoy every single of time. Highly Recommended.
This course is very usefull and help me to understand logical programming and structure of codes in Python.
an amazing course for beginners. the professor who teaches in the lectures teaches in a very intuitive way.
It was my first course on Coursera , content is very good i think no one can teach python better than this.
This course is really amazing I really learned a lot from. this course. IT will be a lot helpful for others
Fun and easy way to learn Python basics. Densely packed assignments make sure you use all that you learned.
I THINK THE BEST THING ABOUT THE COURSE IS INSTRUCTOR. I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO learning FROM HIM IN FUTURE.
Best course for absolute beginners. Course materials were just the perfect.Dr Chuck is the best. Thank you.
I DO SUGGEST EVERYONE TO TAKE UP THIS COURSE.IT HAS REALLY HELPED ME A LOT IN MY BASIC STEPS TOWARD PYTHON.
Thanks for learning me Python.Thanks to Dr.Chuck to complete this course.Thanks to all the course era team.
I learn most of the basics of python and the thing that i love a lot is the way of the teaching of Mr.chuck
very good course for a complete beginner but if you already know some basics go for the intermediate level.
This is my first computer language course I really enjoyed the course. Thanks, Dr. Chuck and Team Coursera.
Very good Learning experience. In-depth from the crust to the sky of earth (Metaphor) flawlessly explained.
very helpful for beginner to learn this course on coursera. Instructir Mr. chunk is an excellent instructor
Excellent course for someone who wants to start learning programming at a very basic and fundamental level.
The instructor deals with the topic in an easy and pleasant way. This course is very helpful for beginners.
This course is very helpful to learn python  for new learners. Enjoyed learning python. Thank you Coursera.
It is my first course on coursera  and I learnt things in a very funny way by my instructor.Thanks you sir.
Excellent beginner course, it's entertaining, I learned a lot about python and help reinforce the language.
Excellent course for beginners. Might be one of the best instructors you will ever have. Try it. Finish it.
Good introduction to basic programme and this was a wonderful experience. The explanation provided was good
its a awesome course and i feel very happy  after a certificate, it gives  positive energy to achieve more.
This course is an amazing start for getting into Programming! I highly recommend it for all ages and moods!
dr.chuck really a great professor. Really appreciate the way he teaches and the zeal with which he teaches.
A good programming course for someone who wants to begin programming in python and programming, in general.
It was one of the best learning experiences of my life with Dr. Chuck.Huge respect and salute to Dr. Chuck.
The whole course gave you a easy way to understand the basic concept of python and how to use those basics.
This course was very informative giving me the actual understanding of python.I actually loved this course.
Professor Charles severance explained python as if i feel it as a piece of cake now , Thank you so much sir
Really help me to understand basics of Python. and a great inspiration to study advanced courses in Python.
Was really exciting and interesting course. Python basics, explained in detail . Happy to be a part of this
A great course to start the learning of Python. Explained in simple way. I loved this course.#happylearning
Nice assignment but still need to improve the question , Because it's difficult to understand for beginners
I am thankful to Charles Russell Severance due to him i could understand basic python programming language.
Examples given are excellent. They are just about right to ensure there is enough logic to explain a syntax
It's been a few years since I completed this but it was a great course with a great instructor.  Thank you!
Excellent course and our instructor Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher and their way of teaching is excellent.
There is no better teacher anywhere on this planet other than Dr. Charles R Severence! Dr. Chuck, Love ya!!
The content is organized and clear. It is easy for me to understand what the professor teaches to students.
It is a good introduction course and it lives up to its name, it is for everybody no matter you background.
Excellent course. This is designed in a very simple to understand pattern. Thank you Coursera and Dr. Chuck
got an amazing experience on coursera and specially from this course .dr.chuck is simply a great instructor
I started python course with an other teacher before but this course was a lot more helpful. Thanks for all
Very nice course for the students like to pursue research in the numerical and computational analysis area.
Awesome and excellent course for those starting out in learning Python. This will make you hungry for more!
Great course for people who are getting into coding and might wanna make it a career 5/7 would recommend it
highly interactive course with lots of fun and interactions. Not a single boring moment in entire duration.
I'm very happy to have earned my first certificate with this course. Excellent material for online classes.
Great introductory course with caring professor. Would recommend to anyone looking to get into programming.
Nice introduction to python but could be a bit extended as a lots of things is not enlisted in this course.
The perfect start to learning Python, I'd highly recommend to anyone who wants to start the Python journey.
Really helpful. And the course designing is step by step. Making people feel not that hard to learn python.
Completely enjoyed the course. It was a good introduction. I am going to try to complete the entire series.
It is very helpful for the aspirants who dreams to became a good programmer. I am very thankful to you!!!!1
very decent and very new technique of teaching and also through financial aid you are serving the community
Really good exercises and lecture material. I didnt use the textbook because this was mostly review for me.
Start was just fabulous and inspiring .......really motivated and excited to move forward on this course !!
very good education system. excellent teachers, I learned a lot in this beginning of what is something big.
A GREAT BEGINNER COURSE & CAN BE VERY HELPFUL. THE MATERIAL & STYLE OF TEACHING IS GREAT AS WELL! THANK YOU
great beginning class -- the instructor assumes you are starting with a very limited programing background.
Great course to start python. It only takes less than three days to finish!!Very well organized! Thank you!
I liked the way the professor explained the course material as he made it seem easier and more interesting.
Videos are clear and concise. assignments and quiz keep with the subject matter. really enjoying the course
The course topics are well designed and professor is very clear about the topic and what he is going teach.
It was indeed a great experience in learning python basics.I'm really interested in learning more about it.
A great introduction to Python programming. Well paced with a good balance of challenge in the assignments.
This class is very interesting and helpful, and i will go on to study following courses to exercise Python!
This is a well planned, structured and beautifully destined course to teach python programming to a novice.
Very nice course! The lectures are well thought and explained clearly. The exercises are a nice complement.
Perfectly suitable for green-hand in programming like me! The content is useful and the exercise is proper!
Interesting and very easy to understand, even for someone who doesn't have any programming background as me
Wow!A must-do for all you peeps who want to learn programming.Dr. Chuck was fun and amazing.Loved it truly!
Awesome course anyway with the great content. Could also make a run for having the most friendly instructor
Dr chuck keeps the lecture very intresting and content delivery is epic!! Understood every thing very well.
Great course, easy to understand - just wish there were more practice quizzes or assignments to practice on
I am very happy that the instructor is very helpful, and I learned a lot of problem solving in this course.
Very nice , very constructive , didn't know a thing about programming and now i love that thank you guys :)
Well structured introduction to programming.  If you want to try out coding this is a great place to start.
Great course, professor is explaining problems very clear and full of sense of humor. Strongly recommended!
Fantastic course! The professor is great, he makes things easy, clear and fun. I will totally recommend it.
very good for beginners , who dont have idea about programming , and good start for every one new in python
The professor is humor,kind,and interested.The course is standard,remarkalbe and interesting.I am going on!
The professor's lecture is very informative and thought-provoking. In all, I am thrilled to take the class.
The Course is a unique experience and helped me in understanding the basics of python programming language
very good introduction to the programing world i recomended to every one who is interested to get started.
This course is really the best way to start with python, course material and teaching is great. Thank you.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course.Thank you.surely i will recommend my friends for this interesting course.
This is a great course for people who starts programming and python. Excellent work Dr.Chuck and Coursera!
beautiful course for a startup guy like me, with out any prior knowledge u can easily complete this course
The course has been exceptional. Dr Chuck Severance is an exceptional communicator and I loved the course.
Great course! The teacher has such a command on the subject that it's just so reassuring and  encouraging!
The professor explanation is in great details. Highly appreciate his attitude of teaching. Very inspiring.
It was fun learning throughout. The professor is so good at engaging and making things easier to perceive.
This was a graet way to get started with Python and  Prof.Charles and his sorting hat are simply the best.
One of the best introductory programming courses (online or off) that I've seen. Beats the tar out of CS50
This course was really great. The video lectures were amazing. They explained each and every topic clearly
Great way to start learning python. All the credit goes to Dr. Chuck for being such a fabulous instructor.
With a great teacher I could learn the basic skills of Python and the logic behind a programming language.
Easy to follow. No previous knowledge. Learned a lot and feel very excited to continue the specialization.
The explanations were really very easy to understand!! Also the visualizations made the topics very clear!
The videos are too nice. I leant a lot from this course. The assignments also help too much to learn well.
thanks for the instructor and Michigan Univ, it is helpful and useful. the videos are easier to understand
I'd like to express my most gratitute to Dr.Severance, who are the most wonderful professor i've ever met.
The content was very good and the way Instructor helps you to understand the python concepts is admirable.
An excellent and innovative way to cover the course ... really cherished the small but informative journey
Most amazing experience to learn from coursera. I am happy to choose the coursera platforn to learn python
The instructor is really good and has in-depth knowledge of this course. Highly recommended for Beginners.
A very good way to explain all the basic concepts to learn how to programming in this incredible language.
Excellent teaching my the instructor ,it was very helpfull to learn the python in simple.thank you so much
Wonderful course by wonderful mentor. I highly recommend this course to anybody who is new to programming.
It was great learning.I never thought that python would be so easy. Thank you making me understand better.
Excellent course, for very beginers, it shows you everything about basics concepts of computer programming
The style of teaching is just scrumptious, easy, and comprehensive. This course is perfect for a beginner.
this platform is really very useful and the content available here is awesome . faculties are really good.
Thank u to Coursera and University of Michigan to provide us such good understandable coursesThank you all
coding was sort of nightmare for me initially, but the way you taught...it is just incredible. Thanks alot
the teaching was exactly in a perfect way which i thought it should be.Thank you!it really helped me alot.
This is a great course for absolute beginners in python. The instructor has explained topics very clearly.
It is a very useful course.Thank you for Dr.Mack's help.Thank you for Dr.Chunk's interesting teaching way.
A very fantastic course for enthusiasts of coding.Taught from the scratch making your fundamentals strong.
The instructor gives all the instruction so nicely so i can easily understand everything from this course.
This is an amazing course. The instructor is too good. I am very much satisfied for completing the course.
Course is wonderful . Instructor is very good person.He teaches in very easy manner. explains every thing.
It was very exciting and very interesting coding process .I very much thankful to the coursera entire team
I have really enjoyed the teaching style of Mr.Chuck and help me not to muddle through python all the time
Excellently explained, with good examples. Dr charles will make you fall in love with python. Thanks a ton
Excellent course for enhancing programming knoledge and the lecture series was very interesting to follow.
Thank you for giving me an opportunity to learn through this platform, it great learning experience for me
Very informative introduction to Python. Thorough explanations, lot of coding challenges to help practice.
very suitable for beginners to study python! the assignments are also very helpful to master basic skills.
Excellent tutoring. Concepts were explained in a very easy manner and very informative. Loved this course.
good teacher! perfect course about the very basics of python programming. awakening the hunger for more ;)
this course is a really simple way to get started with Python even if you have zero programming experience
very insightful and inspiring!! Highly recommended for anyone who is interested in learning how to program
Great course for beginners and who really want to start programming but don't know where he/she start from
Overall very good, except the final assignment is a bit too challenging. I finished this course in 5 days.
Dr Chuck is a great instructor. He speaks clear and teaches in a in a way that makes it easy to understand
it's really helpful for beginners! The course contained a lot of practices to check your learning results.
I'd been wanting to learn Python for a long time and this is a wonderful course. I would highly recommend!
Starts with a very basic concepts and slowly eases into things. I highly recommend this course for anyone.
Well thought out, easy to understand and most importantly, engaging. Thank you for making programming fun!
Great course, great teacher ! I will definitely recommend this to anyone looking to get started in python.
This is an excellent introduction course for python programming.Thank you Dr.Chuck for this awesome course
It is nice for a beginner, but if you have some experience in programming - choose more difficultThank you
Very well structured and easy to follow. Great audio /video quality which makes it very pleasant learning.
A very interesting course. Made me want to continue with the next ones for deeper understanding. Thank You
Wonderful course! It has challenging assignments, and in depth explanations.  Would definitely recommend!!
I take this course for after work time, Doc.Chuck explains everything really clear and easy to understand.
That is great point to start python, very simple an attractive. It really motivate me to learn more python
One of the best way to start learning python.At the end of course all the basic will be cleared.Go for it.
Love the teaching style !Plus, it's great to hear what soft engineers thoughts at very end of the courses.
This class made Python totally accessible to people with a non-programming background. Great introduction!
Great instruction and a lot of fun! Highly accessible course for anyone who wants to learn how to program.
Material is very well explained, tests and programming assignments help to ensure material was understood.
I really liked this course. It is very easy to understand and the professor makes is enjoyable. Thank you!
I really enjoyed the course. Charles Severance is a good teacher and a great mentor. Thanks for helping me
it was a really awesome course. the course content was really good for every level of programming student.
Great course for someone who has no programming background. I found it accessible, without being too easy.
amazing course help you understand the basic concepts of programing and make you very familiar with python
An awesome teacher ,who gives all to his students and delivers the best content with the most amazing way.
Would be better if there are more assignments on writing code. Overall fantastic quality, well instructed.
I quickly learnt Python. Chuck could take it to the bottom of the very basic and provided us with enormous
Highly recommended too much passion and simple illustration . I finished the course in one day :D . thanks
Learnt a lot about programming language. Thanks to the instructor for helpings us to learn all this things
Awesome, passionate instructor who's not just reading off notes and actually knows what he's talking about
I loved this course a lot and i would like to thank coursera for all this good in this whole wide world :)
Fun and interesting course, videos and lectures covered some python basics that we don't learn in college.
Mainly review for me but core programming concepts are emphasized and introduced very well in this course.
Organized material, simple examples with on screen flow charts to explain the logic of any given concepts.
Very very interactive, Thanks to Dr.Chuck for the great teaching material and methodology of his teaching.
This course is very useful for me. I want to keep going next curriculum. I am look forward to next course!
It is very cool and fun to have this course. I enjoyed the lecture and teaching method of Professor Chuck.
course is very excellent in all aspects like teaching ,sharing the knowledge and dealing with the examples
The course is very informative, and interesting.Dr Charles your teaching style is amazing. Awesome course.
I have had some limited exposure to Python and thought Dr. Chuck made this course very easy to understand.
this is my first online class and it was very good! and Dr.chuck's lecture was the best one i have heared!
Very easy to learn course. I love how the instructors try to make the subject as approachable as possible.
Very well paced for fresh starters. With thorough explanation of conditional statements and loops. Thanks.
If you are very new to Python, then this course is for you! Dr. Chuck explains Python very very very well!
Great professor & a gentle but thorough introduction to the world of python programming. Highly recommend.
Great course. Extremely suitable for people getting started and have no knowledge in computer programming!
Material are clear and well explained. Course instructor gives much appreciated personality in his videos.
Very nice introductory course for everyone. All materials in the course are well cover and well explained.
Course is presented in a simple and easily understandable way. I never knew programming could be this fun!
Easy to comprehend, gives useful insight to python and is fun to all that.thank you for making this course
I love the course. It is very easy to understand and the professor is excellent. Very grateful, thank you!
pretty good course for 1st timers, but spending more time on showing how to draw flow charts may be better
A bit basic but teaches a lot specially the difference python has compared to other programming languages.
Very basic intro into programming in general and well paced to teach the core fundamentals of programming.
The professor is excellent. He's explains things well, and he's very enjoyable to watch. I love his humor!
Very good introduction to python, for beginner programmers and people who are new to python specifically.
Well its very nice to have such a programming class in short duration and very good experienced teachers.
i honestly loved the style of teaching with a bit of humor and a bit of confidence boost by the professor
Thank you Dr. Severance and Coursera for enabling student like me to pursue such a high quality teaching.
A super fun course about programming for those who just want to refresh the knowledge or for the newbies!
one of the best instructor, teaching skill and style is excellent. you will not get board while learning.
Best online course. I enjoyed learning python on this platform. Thank you, Coursera for this opportunity.
This is one of the best courses I've taken so far and is certainly the best course on Python programming.
This course is essential for the beginners and it provides me all the important concepts in a detail way.
Very good course for beginners and (surprise) everyone. Excellent material flow. An excellent instructor.
Perfect for everyone, does not matter how much (or how little) you know about python or coding in general
I highly recommend this course if you want to start on programming in general and/or the Python language!
I loved this course so far. I cannot wait to learn from Mr Chuck. His teaching made this course more fun.
I learned how to install python and i learned how to execute the program. Syntax,loops,if-else statements
Assignments which were given in external tool was helpful in learning the programming rules and concepts.
A little more guidance on the  exercises would be helpful. I do not think I will retain this information.
This was my first time learning a programming language the experience provided by the course was amazing.
The course helps you to build basic concepts such as loops, decision making, and the professor is awesome
Really well-explained course. When I started I was a little scared to drop off, but thankfully succeeded.
This is a good course for programming newcomers. The lecture is fun and understandable. Highly recommend.
An awesome course for beginners with a focus on a much important thing: thought process while programming
It's a really great course and I want to say thank you, my adorable instructor Charles Russell Severance.
It was an amazing journey, going through this course. I enjoyed the course content, quiz and assignments.
Very clear explanation was given for every concept and in an interesting way too. Thank you Dr.Severance!
The course has wonderful material and the teacher has an excellent didactic and knowledge of the content.
very good course and worth for the time taken. so i suggest to complete this course and learn more skills
Teaching Process is very effective.I enjoy learning . Explained with proper and day to day life examples.
Easily one of the best beginner friendly course on Python Basics .Fantastic lecture and course materials.
Very good course for people who don't have any prior experience in Python. Also, the instructor is great.
it was a good with reasonable course content and the lecturer was really teaching these stuff as his best
This course is really awesome .I have gained more information knowledge about python programming language
good and helpful basic starting of python....i also go for next course to accure more knowledge in python
lectured delivered by Prof Charles Russel Severance was excellent. beside that bonus video was excellent.
Being new to Python, I can say that I learn a lot and this course helps me to have a strong fundamentals.
Well the course is a real fun the instructor is very good and makes us learn very easily and effectively.
I love how this course is structured and very detailed and somtemies funny explanations from this teacher
It was an exceptionally simplified and well mentored course. Thankyou so much for making it easy to learn
a very useful course, it really helped me a lot . now i can easily grasp topics related to python .thanks
I like this course very much. And the textbook is wonderful. Let me review programing as a intersting job
Amazing approach and never felt like doing a course .Looking forward to have a  great learning experience
A wonderful course! I missed programming from my undergraduate and this got me more excited to try again!
Perfect introduction to Python, I'm excited that have nice foundation/understanding for future classwork.
very useful and clear for the philosophy behind the program which helps a lot for build up the foundation
Easy enough for a beginner to pick up. Explains the basic knowledge in plain language and with structure.
Simple steps to learning programming with Python. Nice and easy to follow up on the quiz and assignments.
This was so damn good!  Each class was so interesting to learn. Thanks for providing such a useful course
One of the best courses on python for understanding the basic concepts of python and programming as well.
If you don't have any experience in programming, that is a great course for you. I enjoyed it. Thank you!
I will highly recommend this course to those who want to actually learn python and understand the basics.
Easy to understand lectures with appropriate assignments make this a great start to understanding Python.
Great course for the beginner of Python. I will definitely continue my learning with this specialization!
This course is very good. It will teach from the very basics and in a very deep level.Must do this course
Very good! The professor gives good explanation of everything. Some repeated contents could be shortened.
Great intro to the fundamentals got my head back into python. Excited for the next course in the program.
It is a very good course for beginers as it says every details of programming i think it is verry helpful
its really helpful this course, especially the way basic fundamentals are taught its clear enough .Thanks
This is a great course for Beginners. We are taught Python in a very structured and user friendly manner.
Clear instruction, excellent instructor, establishes solid foundation in Python programming to build upon
I Love this course. It made me understand some programming concepts i have been trying hard to understand
Easy to follow and very instructional. I came away feeling confident I could reproduce what I've learned.
This was an excellent course and I learned alot. Prof was awesome! I'm looking forward to the next course
The learning videos are great and the exercises are simple but require you learning the material to pass.
I really enjoyed the course, it gave me all the necessary  skills i needed as beginner python programmer.
This is a good course with excellent videos. I totally understand everything in this course. Thank all!!!
Excellent. Really is for everybody who wants learn to develop in this incredible language!Congratulation!
This course is very basic if you already have experience with programming but has been put together well.
Excellent course for getting someone on the path to programming through Python. Great stuff, Dr. Chuck!!!
Interesting and helpful course with good instruction, exercises that help prepare you for the next step.s
nice course provided by coursera teaching is very effective and easy to understand thanks for this course
the course is focused on python, but a good start for programming beginners for any programming language.
Great lecturer, very good course for complete beginners who have no idea where to start learning to code.
Quick and easy tutorial through basic Python commands. The course is great for people new to programming.
I like the pace of this course, it is not too fast and the reading materials are very easy to understand.
This is an excellent beginner level course in computer programming. Easily understood and well presented.
Nice course for beginners in python. had lots of fun especially in the office hrs section of Dr. Charles.
Excellent programming course for beginners. Awesome instructor and a very well structured course content.
it was an excellent course. you managed to deliver this source in a fun and understandable way. good job.
The information is very well structured for newbie! It's a nice course for starting to learn programming.
Very good class. Very suitable for new learners even if you have never learnt anything about programming.
It was great to have here. I have learnt lots in these courses. Thank you team and thank you Dr. Chuck :)
A great course. Not too complicated for beginners. It effectively got me started in learning programming.
I love the way this course is presented online.  Easy to navigate and allows me to focus on the material.
The course was easy to understand and all the assignments made it easy to apply the knowledge.Thank you.
Its very clear and precise  the way they guide us this course made me want explore more on this  subject
It is very nice course i give very nice experience of this coursethank you for best guidance and support
had a little problem understanding how to propperly use parameters in def funtionalso the last excercise
Thanks for the course. It was great. As a beginner, I have learned the most important skills for python.
This course is easy and simple to learn. I like the course because the method of teaching was very good.
Dr. Severance is a great instructor.  Watching the lecture videos was key to understanding the material.
This course is very beneficial. I've learnt a lot of new and interesting stuffs, found it very useful...
Best course for absolute beginners, not only for python beginners but even to the programming beginners.
REALLY LOVED IT!!!!SIMPLY THE BEST EVER PYTHON COURSE I'VE EVER COME ACROSS.THANK YOU DR. CHUCK.:-))))))
Mr. Severance teaches right from the basics and it had really helped me get a good grasp on the concepts
Its a great course and i think anybody can understand python by just referring to this course.Thank You.
What an Instructor ! I hope Prof. Charles make another course for proggramming langguage. Thank you Prof
best course python for everybody  , i have learn basic python syllabus eg. loop ,condition statments etc
This is best course for learn programming with python. Everybody can learn programming with this course.
It's really help and i have learend alot of things from programming  for everybody             THANK YOU
I really enjoyed this course, Dr. Severance is a great teacher and I hope to take more courses with him.
An absolutely fantastic way to getting started in understanding and learning how to program in Python 3.
Excellent material and Thanks to Charles for explaining everything from the scratch and detailed manner.
If  you don't have idea of how to programming, this course is for you,  explained  so detailed, perfect!
This is my first attempt to enroll for a course online. i couldn't wish for any better start. Thank you.
I have simply learned more about python in this course and examples are pretty good.I enjoy this course.
Really appreciate this course.It truly is easy enough for everybody who has an interest to learn python.
Thanks to Dr chuk for teaching us so well also wanna thanks to  coursera for giving  us this opportunity
Very good explanation technique : I learnt how to teach to others effectively and really I got the idea.
To those who are interested to learn the basics of Python programming, this is the right course for you!
Thankyou ,as i completed my course with the help of your organization and is very useful to learn python
Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor. He makes learning lot more fun with the way he delivers his content.
I got a very good experience. Dr. Charles taught very nicely, I am Thankful to Coursera and Dr. Charles.
It is a great course provided by coursera.....It was so much helpfull to learn python programming basics
Excellent course content and structure, excellent instructor, excellent website. Nothing more to ask for
It gave a basic overview of Python in the best way possible(i think) by considering a book as reference.
A great course, I've started so many classes on Python, and this one I finished and eager to learn more.
This course ireally great . i am feeling good learning from coursera.Thx to the entire team of coursera.
this was an amazing experience, now fall in love with my instructor charles severance and  to python too
Dr Chuck was great.  Excellent course, I would recommend it to others who are interested in programming.
My first step towards learning a programming language. Very helpful for beginners. Kudos to Mr. Charles.
This is a perfect course to begin one's journey into the world of programming, into the world of python.
Love this course. It's easy to understand, a lot of practices and I learned a lot of things about Python
It was one the best beginner courses I've ever learned and a special thanks to Dr. Charles R. Severance.
Excellent instructor great slides to make it understand much better Very good course highly recommended!
I'm very happy to do this course.From this i remembered my previous lessons of python.Thank you COURSERA
thanks for this lesson,i believe it will be a start of my online learning and also helpful to my career!
Great material for beginners and it this course gives you the solid understanding to python programming.
me being a beginner for online teaching as well as python, Dr.Chuck and the complete course was amazing.
it was very nice.everything was presented perfectly and taught well. thank you for your valuable course.
Your search to learn the best Python course ends here. This was a perfect course for a beginner like me.
Learn python with Dr Chuck is great. He makes python easy to undestand. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Cousera.
Brilliant course for beginners, the instructor Dr. Chuck is fabulous.BEGIN CODING TODAY WITH THIS COURSE
I love the professor who is quite good at teaching us person who have never exposed to computer program.
This is a really awesome course, from no python knowledge i have now learnt to write a program on my own
This course could be understood easily for an amateur. I love how Charles uses many jokes in the course.
very easy to understand for non tech person. good example and explanations. thank you professor Charles.
thank you for providing grip on python as from the basicsi wish you to make more courses keep on rocking
it was really helpful , i have learnt the basics completely ,i,m completely satisfied , thank u coursera
A great class that helps to understand the very basics of programming for those who never did it before.
Easily to understand for beginners.It would be better if more exercises are available under instruction.
Awesome! I enjoyed every minute, and Dr Chuck is a great teacher. I can't wait to start the next course!
very informative. I jut wished there were more exercises which are auto graded with different questions.
Its helpful and boost my program understanding skills and learned the one of the best way how to program
The course is just perfect for me.I love this course.The teacher,quiz section,assessments all are great.
Very amazing and genuinely interesting course, never had so much fun learning a new programming language
It was really worth to participate in this course! I was a beginner and now I can write my own programs.
It's an awesome course for beginners. One must join this to get hands on over starting with Python once.
highly recommended this course for all kinds of people either who has a background in programming or not
Great introductory course, I like the way Charles starts with the basics and the way he explains things.
Python for everybody send me a  motivation for programming work and help my daily works carry out easier
Amazing teacher, target and builds the basics for programming. Even a beginner can learn python from him
I have good learning experience in this class. The professor explains clear enough to let me understand.
Fantastic course for beginers. All materials were excellent and videos executed to a very high standard.
very suitable for beginner, the professor is teach rules and concepts in simple way, easy to understand.
it is awesome i have learned a lot also the book is so knowledgeable  I was finding one book for so long
Great teaching skills. The material is well thought and very clearly, carefully and playfully delevired.
This course is great and easy to understand. The teacher is very humorous. I really recommend it to you.
The course is really good, you can definitely understand everything and learn the foundations of Python.
Very practical, easy to understand, the lecture is delivered in an easy way. Join us, it is lots of fun.
Hard work from the mentor and also very interesting lecture from the Professor. Totally enjoy the class!
although i haven't done this course, I still wanna say this is realllly coooooool. I gotta take' em all!
It is a fantastic online course! Really hope I can become a real programmer after learned all the stuff.
Successfully intrigue my passion for programming and python. Interesting and humorous style of teaching!
Recommended for those who have or haven't had any programming experience and would like to learn Python.
The course is really good' gives you good basics to pythondr chuck is the best python lecture i ever saw
Good amount of info and great assignments.  Missing just a bit more of exercise in the book to practice.
great course to get started with. I would recommend it for all especially if you're deciding on a major.
amazing,fantastic thanks dear professor and coursera for such great session love you :) and thanks a lot
Very through and detailed course about Python. Dr. Chuck does an amazing job explaining the fundamentals
This course is very easy to learn and useful for people who want to learn programming in the first time.
Great course for beginners.  Does a great job of teaching the basic fundamentals of the Python language.
Very well taught and articulated with examples. This was one of the best e-learning courses I ever took.
i would highly recommended this course for everyone who is new to computer science. A good way to start1
great refresher in programming (the last languages I played with at all seriously were pascal and dbase)
A good course for understanding the basic syntax of python or for someone who wants to learn to program.
Good course to begin with for programming. Very nicely explained and thanks to Professor for this course
Great introduction to a programming language and the general "computer-like" thinking.Thank you Charles!
Good course for absolute beginners in any programming language. Helped me to learn the basics of Python.
i am in chapter 3 now, and it looks an awesome course for a person who has started with the programming.
I think it is an excellent course, it's really interesting and the teacher it's excellent and very fine.
A great intro into the world of Python.It's great for everyone looking to do data analysis using python.
Dr.Chuck is really a cool teacher.This course amazing for student who first learn python(or programming)
Great beginning course in Python, concepts are well articulated and assignments reinforce core concepts.
A very good introduction to Python!. The instructor's character is cool! and you will like what you do!.
Great course! User friendly layout, wonderful instructor and easy to understand classes :) See you soon!
Wow . chuck is amazing in explanation , clear and crisp and to the point . So glad to attend his class .
I loved this course, it was very fun and the teacher explained the concepts very well and spontianously
It was an amazing course. My gratitude to Dr. Charles Severance. His explanations of topics were great.
really good ... the instructor is insightful!! do not skip the bonus content if you are a tech buff !!!
I have grate time with this course and with instructor too.I learned a lot of things due to this course
this course was neither difficult or too easy i do recommend for beginners such as myself to begin here
professor Chuck is amazing teacher. I have no coding knowledge but Professor made is very easy and fun.
Fantastic course. Great Instructor and excellent content. I learnt a lot of Python through this course.
it is a very helpful course for all beginners  pls do give it a try its worth it every quiz n questions
I loved how the course was designed with so much effort and how the tutor explained everything so well.
Really helped me in those initial Python concepts and motivated me to learn this language even further.
It's a very good course if you want to start from scratch. I recommend this course to all the beginners
really liked Dr. Chuck. He is amazing. Thanx so much for helping me catch on with the basics of Python.
Best course for the people who has basic or no coding experience. Every concept is explained and tested
A great course, specially if you don't have any experience with other high-level programming languages.
I had zero background. this course really made me enjoy the process. it's the first step to get started
One of the best introductory course for starting programming, as well as learning Python as a language.
It was a great experience, it was so easy to understand and python is really a lot of fun to work with.
Great course overall. Slowly and steadily covers all the basics yet it lets you learn at your own pace.
It was a really good introductory course for python. looking forward for the next course of the trail .
Learned a lot about the python basics. It is one of the best course for beginners to learn programming.
great i think the best teacher for teaching coding it was the most enjoyable course i have ever studied
Perfectly designed course. Dr Chuk is highly effective in lecture delivery and explaining the concepts.
It is an amazing course to kick start the journey in Python and I would strongly recommend this course!
If you don't have any programming background and would want to learn one.. then this course is for you.
Indeed, this course is an excellent opportunity for the beginners to enhance their knowledge on PYTHON.
it was very helpful and understandable course I learn a lot from it. the teaching method was very good.
Easy starting ground for learning Python. I loved the course and the assignments were just hard enough.
The instructor of the course can explain every concept in a simple way, thanks Mister Charles Severance
I understood the context and each part of the language and i m sure to crack the beginners programming.
Python programming for everybody enhanced my concepts and the exercises helped me shape my fundamentals
Very great instructor and materials! Hones our programmer needed skills -- critical thinking and logic!
This course has a nice pace to it. Charles helped me get my basic right for python. Excellent teaching!
my basics of python are improved well, thank you Dr. chuck for your aid and thank you coursera as well.
Professor is great! Lecture is easy to follow. In the meantime, I've built up interest to learn Python.
It is amazing. Very well planned. It is a must do course for anybody trying to get started with Python.
Explanation is very good , assignments and quiz made us learn our mistakes and even gain more knowledge
Charles Severance is one of the best teachers I have come across. Extremely grateful to you, Professor.
when professor charles said in start the course is for everybody , he really meant it.thanks professor.
Thank you Mihaela Mack for your patience, and providing help with my learning journey, you are awesome!
I learned a lot from this course thanks for providing me the free access to the one under financial aid
Thank you very much. I found this course very informative. I have learned so much in such a short time.
This course is helpful to me for learning basic python, which i use to enhance my teaching profession .
its a good course for beginners and if you learnt c++/c it will hardly take 1 or 2 week for completing.
This is so far the greatest course for the people with a non-programming background I have come across.
I have been wanting to learn python for the longest time and this course if definitely suitable for me.
It is a great course to start with python the course is very good and the teaching method is also great
Great course!I highly recomend it for all who wants to start friendship relationship with python world.
the course was well administrated, with clear explanations throughout. I enjoyed the quirky nature alot
Excellent teaching! Helped me understand the basics about python. Looking forward to upcoming lectures.
Perfect if you need a gentle introduction to programming without any previous background or experience.
It is an amazing course for beginners, you get all the stuff required for learning python as a freshman
I have business background then try to learn python, this course are very basic and easy to understand.
It is so funny that I am interested in programming. And it is very useful for my future study and work.
Greatly comprehensive and holistic providing conceptual clarity and fairly good speeds of the concepts.
This course is really friendly to rookies. Thank you so much for bringing such a good course, Dr.Chuck!
A really good (and entertaining! :-) introduction to programming that has no pre-requisites whatsoever.
really good teacher! He makes me feel programming is fun! I'm looking forward to continuing my courses!
Great instructor. This course showed me the basics of Python and I am ready to move into the next step.
Clear, concise and thorough enough to ensure students are understanding the basic principles of python.
The professor provides a good basis for the course and the fundamentals. I am interested in continuing.
I loved it! I wish, however, that the questions weren't pre-solved. Otherwise, it was very informative!
Indeed an excellent, comprehensive and challenging online course. Many thanks to Mr. Charles Severance.
Well presented.  Dr. Chuck does a very nice job at covering the basics of the language and programming.
It was an awesome experience with such a friendly instructor who was teaching me python in simpler way.
This is an amazing introductory course for someone who has no experience in coding! Highly recommended.
The course structured is aligned aptly for coder as well as non-coder. This makes learning python easy.
I loved the first course so far, it was very easy going! I can't wait to start on the second course! :)
Pretty awesome for beginners with no or limited programming experience.. Well designed and well taught!
Good one, Basics were well explained. Assignments were good with the difficulty increasing step by step
A very friendly course for programming beginners. Highly recommended! Professor is great and inspiring.
It's a great course, and it's a good one for beginners, and it's fun for me to fall in love with python
Really good course. Starts right from the building blocks by eventually diving into real world examples
This course was  very easy to follow, and the book chapters supplement the videos and exercises nicely.
Very good class for beginners who have never programmed or who are learning python now. Cool Professor!
This is an excellent course for someone new to programming and who wants to learn the basics of Python.
excellent course, helpful guiding and explanations, as well as suprisingly funny - Dr chuck is halrious
Very good for anyone with NO programming background, but just basic computer skills (web browsing etc).
a great and an informative course. great introduction to python, looking at continuing the next courses
They take their time to teach through step by step for basic people like me. Thank you www.Coursera.org
As an introductory class, it helped me a lot to start code in Python.Waiting for next class in Sept/05.
Great class. Easy and fun to follow. Provides a very fundamental perspective on programming in general.
Videos are very good.Giving examples of our daily life experiences while teaching is easy to be related
This course is really helpful for the beginners and any can learn without any knowledge of programming.
Good introductory course. A little too basic for those who already know the basic rules of programming.
I have learned more in the last few weeks than what I thought I would.  I highly recommend this course!
Outstanding teaching. Great content. Very well designed. Excellent tools. Thank you very much for this.
Good for someone who is beginner to programming . Lessons go through a lot of details for first timers.
Really good, slow-paced course. Better than the interactive python something course for full-beginners.
this course is very good for beginners . I recommend  the way that Dr. Chuck use for teaching . Thanks
Great Course! Extremely well made, really learnt a lot about the basics of Python and had lots of fun!
It is the best online course,we understand easly &highly qualified professor are there in this courses
i have had fun ,as the course is very optimally designed everyone can grasp the basics in a single go.
Its been a great course, all the topics are organized in a way that we can apply them in our programs.
amazing,the instructor made explained each and every topic so well that anybody can understand clearly
Teaching is very effective for beginners and hand-on exercises are also very useful for understanding.
Simple, easy to follow, great explanations and challenging but not discouraging excersises. Thank you!
The content and the pacing of it is just right for someone who has no prior experience in programming.
Good CourseThoroughly enjoyed every moment of it.Thank you Charles for this wonderful course of yours.
Dr. Chuck has a lot of enthusiasm, is a great beginning for anyone who wants to start learning Python.
The Experience was really good. I got to learn very interesting things. Looking Forward to next course
Very good course for those who have no notion of programming. The teacher makes arid content more fun.
The Course is so helpful and the videos and instructions are more than enough for learning a language!
This was outstanding!!!!! Thanks Dr. Chuck!!!! (If you don't know who Dr. Chuck is take this course!!)
Please make the assignments a bit tricky. The instructor explains every single concept in a great way.
Really great course... the way sir teaches us is too good! Surely gonna suggest it to everyone I know.
One of the Excellent course on python basic's . Dr Charles Russell Severance is the best instructor i.
This course is very useful especially for beginners and also for those who know the basic programming.
As a programming beginner, I am very satisfied that this course helped me understand basics of Python.
Great course to start python with at your own pace with clear understanding and with the way more fun.
Very good course! I think from this course people can start learning and practice programing very easy
Best course for getting started with python. One of the best Instructor. Get experience with Dr.Chuck.
It was an Amazing experience learning this course on Coursera. Learnt so many new things about Python.
A rewarding and engaging course. Dr. Chuck is awesome. Cannot wait to finish the whole specialization.
I really wanted to go through this course because i had a keen interest i want to learn more of python
Excellent course! Dr. Severance is excellent at breaking down complex concepts into very simple steps.
This is the best online course and instructor I have had so far! Cannot wait to start the next course!
it was an amazing course for new ones to learn from the basic and use their skills at their workplace.
SUCH A GOOD COURSE!! I highly recommend this, for those who have absolutely no experience with Python.
Great course and easily understandable. Really satisfied with the lectures and lecturing methods used.
Great if you don't know anything about coding, but if you know some coding try to do some other course
If Michigan University prepares and shares lecture slides, students can understand better this course.
Very effective course for learning python programming. Thanks coursera for giving me this opportunity.
A great course to understand how Python works and to remind myself of the fundamentals in programming.
Great course if you would like to know how programming works and to get a foundation on how to program
The clases are very interactive,easy to catch.Looking forward to completing the data structure course.
it,s a best way to learn computer languages. my experience is best here to learn the python languages.
Excellent professor, great learning experience, felt like I am achieving something valuable in my life
It is really an awesome programming course and the instructor Dr. Chuck is really outstanding teacher.
I found it very interesting  and I truly enjoyed a lot. Thanks to coursera and our instructor Dr.Chuck
I would definitely recommended this course to anyone who wants to start learning Python. Great course!
Previously I had no idea of programming and now I'm able to write small codes on my own.Thank you Sir.
If you are a beginner in programming and also in Python then this course is very much helpful for you.
I really glad to have this lesson , give me the basic information of python programming. Thanks a lot!
Thank you so much. This course has helped me a lot to clear the basics and to get in love with python.
This course literally  makes everyone understand about programming and can write some code that works!
Really the course was very challenging i really learnt something on programing  i am really thank full
The course was great it helped me make my concepts clear and all the assignments were a good practice.
Excellent introduction to Python. Some basics in programming will help dramatically but not essential.
It was a very precisely designed course for the beginners and I just loved the way it has been taught.
A couple spots caught me and had me confused but overall got me excited to learn and do more in Python
Way of delivering the course is very helpful to me to learn this course, Thank you very much Professor
Great intro course, Charles Severance is both engaging, fun and very knowledgeable. Really enjoyed it!
The instructor is really patient!! I wish the future course will add more about the user experience:))
It is a very nice experience for I know the basic knowledge of python programming. It is very helpful.
Great course. I'd say l got a much better experience to learn coding form Coursera than self-studying.
I would like to thanks each and everyone who inrolled the course "even me", and thanks to Russell sir.
Gives a good introduction to Python with just enough difficulty to challenge, but not get discouraged.
Excellent course to start with programming. It will help in research and others fields of programming.
It is really helpful to us..major content were covered during this course.Thank you so much to dr.chuk
Had fun learning Python with Prof Charles. Hopefully, will be able to leverage the skills learnt here.
Dr. Chuck is amazing. His explanation of the contents are pretty much clear. Overall, good experience.
Amazing course. Very good explanation, made me grasp concepts quickly, and understand them thoroughly.
Very well explained, takes you from absolute beginner to being ready to start focusing on programming.
I'm a beginner, and this course really enhances my interest in programming.Love this course sincerely!
This is a cool course, very interesting, and the professor is very good, which has benefited me a lot.
This is my first "MOOC" lesson and it's perfect.I'm looking forward to study next lesson,wish me luck~
Great course for begineers. Very good teaching style and assignments. I will recommend it to everyone.
Beautiful explanations in both the book and the videos. Make it so easy to understand and love Python!
This is absolutely great. The quiz at the end of the chapters and the exercises at the end are helpful
This course is perfectly suitable for beginners. Professor Charles is very humorous. I like him a lot.
thank you very much you give me that opportunity thanks for everyone participated to made  that course
The course is simple and benefit for beginner is CS. the explanation is clear and assignment is useful
The explanation are clear and easy to understand. It really helps me to familiarize myself with python
Really well explained! I did many online Python courses and this one finally showed me logic behind it
This is the most detailed Python Course I have ever seen. The explanations were very clear. Thank you!
This is a great course for those people who want to learn the basics steps of programming with Python.
Course materials provided was very useful ,moreover doubts were clarified by mentors very effectively.
Very helpful course , offered by coursera for beginners . Nicely taught by Mr. Charles Severance sir .
Any one can code thats how Dr. Chuck teach. Thanks for great course. I am in love with data structure.
Excellent course: well-organized and presented content, engaging instruction, challenging assignments.
Great intro to Python, and this has again given me the programming itch. Thank you Professor Severance
This course is very good. But it is too easy if the students have learnt another programming language.
Most fun i've had taking a python class, would be great to meet dr chuck in person if I could one day.
Best Python online course which takes you ground zero to summit gradually, happily and effortlessly...
it is really helpful for totally beginners, high recommend to people who has never worked with python.
I'm impressed, that course just improve my syntax knowledge and way of thinking in creating a program.
Awesome course! Teaching is very methodical and materials provided are sufficient for self - learning.
I'd recommend this for all the beginners who really want a getting started guide of python. Thank you.
Well designed introduction to the basics of programming with Python as well as good coding principles.
Nice education expiriens!But be aware of tricky Assignments! I broke my head to pass final Assignment.
The explanation is really good with practical exercises. Very easily understandable for the beginners.
A great course for anybody looking to learn python even if you don't have prior programming knowledge.
Dr. chuck is extremely good . He can made learning any programming language very easy and interesting.
An awesome course instructed by one of the coolest MOOC instructor I've seen so far.Great Experience!!
Very interesting and useful, and it's a pleasure to learn something new in this easy way! Thank you :)
Very good introduction. The text is confusing at times, but that's just part of learning new language.
Great course and lots of support from mentors. Highly recommend it. Thank you for making it available.
Dr. Chuck does a superb job introducing programming to those who have not had the opportunity to code.
Fantastic class.  The teacher is amazing.  The content is paced well.  I love everything about this...
I enjoy this course so far, and I think this is great for anyone who wants to learn about programming.
Brilliant Course! Taught me a lot of concepts in very few lecture videos and was fun! Kudos to Charles
Very Useful for beginners strongly recommended, Dr. Chuk way of teaching is very interesting and Funny
it was a very wonderfull experience.classes where simple and very understanding ..thank you very much
I want to thank you Professor Charles, I learn a lot and I will continue  learning with your courses.
Great structure and pace for mastering the fundamental building blocks of a firm Pythonic foundation.
One of the best lecture I ever had. Charles Sir, you are truly understanding, motivating and awesome!
Awesome Course for beginners in coding.Please recommend it to everyoneThank You Instructor (Dr.Chuck)
I had great learning sessions and absolutely loved the way each topic was simplified and put together
It is a very nice course to start on Python.The course is provided in an easy way, thank you Charles.
Dr. chuck teach very nice. he has amazing skills of teaching . i really enjoyed the course. Thank you
I learned a lot in this course, it is amazing.  The important thing in this course is its simplicity.
This course is hell lots of fun and interesting. And the tutor makes it even more enjoyable to learn.
Great course learned everything clearly. Thank you Dr. Charles Russell Severance for teaching python.
El mejor para iniciar en el mundo de Python. The best to get involved with Python for the first time!
with the way this course is structured, even a dummy should be able to code a thing or two afterwards
Mr. Severence is the greatest instructurer I ve ever seen. I enjoyed a lot while learning. Thank you!
Sir Charles Russell Severance 's teaching techniques and hard work will help us to improve ourselves.
It is a good course to start learning about Python programming. Easy, simple and very understandable.
I think this is the best course for python because professor explains you in a simple and easy manner
This course was very helpful throughout. i am glad to have the opportunity to learn python form here.
It was really good working on this program. I had a lot of fun with it. Hoping to learn more about it
The instructor is just amazing, the way he explains everything is very attractive and understandable.
Thanks, Dr chunk for such clear and humorous course to help me start my way to change my career path.
It was hard the last assignment, but in the end, it takes me a half-hour, thank you for the challenge
Thank you sir for teaching us the basics of python language will look forward to the upcoming courses
this course helps beginners in such a way that they gain confidence that they can do more with python
Extra ordinary classes,and I really enjoyed and learn from the class.And Dr Chuck is really excellent
Very rudimentary. Could function as a starter kit for beginners or as a refresher. Excellent content.
Very inteeresting subject, great instructor, really looking forwards to the next parte of the course.
The experience was just awesome, i enjoyed Dr .chucks each & every lesson,this course is just amazing
Awesome course For beginners as well as intermediate level student .I learned a lot from this course.
Dr. Charles is one of the best teachers i have come across. He is a down to Earth teacher. Thank you!
Learning with ease. I will recommend the course to everyone who wants to learn python in an easy way.
one of the best courses for learning a python. it gives you more details and easy technique to learn.
Excellent Contents, Great style of instructor he is very well trained and makes lecture interesting .
Very good basic course on Python with an ever interesting Tutor. Recommend for introduction to Python
This is an excellent course in terms of both content and delivery from Dr. Chuck. Worth every moment.
Great learning and experience in this course. Highly enthusiastic faculty makes in learn with fun!!!!
It is the best course. You learn the things along with its depth. All i can say is a big thank you!!!
One of the best courses for beginners, it's a nice introduction to Python and Programming in general.
The orator is one of the best I have ever seen the slides were excellent the explanation was  perfect
It was just great! From knowing absolutely nothing I think now I've learned at least the very basics.
It was a great learning experience with Coursera and  I am excited to learn new skills from Coursera.
Best python starter course for beginners. The instructor makes the learning process much more easier.
Good Effort !! This course covers some of the very basic of Python which is good enough for beginners
Excellent introduction python programming basics... even a non-engineering person could acknowledge..
Undoubtedly the best course I did on coursera. Thanks to Prof. Charles for being such a nice teacher.
I don't think anyone will enroll and be upset this.Dr, Chuck is one of the best teachers i have seen.
I loved this course.I have never seen best teacher like sir.THANK YOU SIR.LOADS OF LOVE(From - INDIA)
This is a perfect course for those who ever coded in their life.Started from the roots of programming
I use it as a review and restart for Python. It fits perfectly. Definitely go on. Totally appreciate.
Easy to follow, very well taught, and the online exercises through the Python Playground are perfect.
I am not from a computer background, even if this course is a great driver to start with programming.
The course is well-structured and easy to follow, even with no background in any sort of programming.
The course was easy to understand, and I'm very glad that earned certificate!
Thanks a lot, dr.Chuck!
Charles Severance sir no one better than you and thank you Coursera and  Andrew Ng, Daphne Koller sir
contents of this course is awesomeeveryone should try this course before getting into python language
The teaching methodology was very well planned and it's a very helpful course for my future projects.
Good introduction to Python programming. Very basic, ideal for people with no programming experience.
Very useful for beginners! The instructor talks clear. Materials and Assignments are related. Thanks!
Great course , covers everything from basics even for those who has just started to learn programming
thanks, coursera and university of Michigan for this outstanding course for poor and needed students.
Very basic stuff and easy to follow! If you don't have any programming experience, just try this one!
Excellent course for the  all those who want to learn python or are interested int computers language
It's a really best course for beginners those who want to get their hands wet in the world of Python.
Strongly recommend this course to everybody, as its name suggests, it is really Python for Everybody.
This course was very helpful in my revision for python and i would recommend this course to everyone.
A great course for new coders and people new to Python as it helps to understand concepts really well
very crisp and straight forward python coaching course that anybody can learn as the name suggests...
Great starting course in Python for anyone interested in programming.  Very engaging and informative.
This was a great introduction to Python and I look forward to all the classes in this specialization.
a great opportunity with great teacher to learn online new things and very thankful to coursera forum
Charles is a great lecturer. He explained everything clearly with all details. Thanks for everything!
Make me capture the knowledge of python in a clear way. And I enjoy the process of taking the course.
Great and easy course for beginners ! I recommend it for those that are completely unaware of python.
This was a good introduction to Python and the bonus sessions provided an interesting history lesson.
Excellent tutorials with hands on exercises to grasp concepts for experienced as well as newbie coder
Dr Chuck takes the stepwise patience necessary for beginners. Look forward to the rest of the series.
thank you soo much sir for teaching me this pythone course as nobody else can teac me thanks alot sir
Good course for beginners to learn Pyhton.Assignments stay on the easier side for most of the course.
This is a great one, it takes baby steps to learn python and also to write a program - which is good.
It's a great course for laying the foundation for learning programming. I will keep it going. Thanks!
This is the really good class for someone who dont have any knowledge in programming. Thanks Coursera
This course has not only improved my Progamming skill but also developed my love towards programming.
Good course for someone with no programming background. Learning the basics builds strong foundation.
Very easy to understand. I am very new to this field, but I had no problem with following the course!
Best for not only python beginners but also for people who are trying programming for the first time.
I really enjoyed the course. For me it was a great validation of some concepts I had been working on.
Everybody who wants to pick up computer science needs to take Dr. Chuck's intro coding courses first!
Great program for beginners, Dr. Chuck make it very easy to understand an enjoy the learning process.
Easy to follow and a very great starting point for anyone looking to get into programming in general!
This course has given me the fundamental knowledge about python programming in the simplest language.
Very good introductory course for beginners. Gives enough basics to continue learning python further.
An easy introduction to programming. Lets you down gently, like putting a fish in a new fish tank. :)
Great course! I learned a lot of things I didn't get in my Bioinformatics lecture at my university :)
Lectures are great, professor is great. Makes the subject matter very easy to learn. Would recommend!
Great introductory course for programming in general, while also covering the basic syntax of Python.
Course was pretty straightforward and engaging. Prof. Chuck makes learning Python fun and motivating.
Prof Severance is great, and while the course content is very basic, he makes it super easy to follow
Love it!. Good for a beginner in programming and for advanced programmer without the Python knowledge
Great for everybody not familiar with programming -this course makes it easy to understand and enjoy.
Very applicable to real world development, but well thought out and executed for all levels to learn.
Love the instructor and his very fluid approach to introducing new programmers to the word of Python.
It is really interesting course for learning Python! The teacher is the best person i have ever seen!
Class is so much fun with adorable Prof. Charles Severance. Love the way to describe python as a pet.
Very nice teacher! Fun and intuitive teaching. Very detailed instruction, and impressive auto-grader!
Great Course and the way it has been facilitated is just an example of how enjoyable learning can be.
Presented in a very easy to understand way.  Made learning the introduction to Python very enjoyable.
It was nice course :) I learnt so many things, not only technical but other things about myself also.
I am very satisfied with this course and loking forward to complete other coursess in python as well
It is a really good course if you have no prior knowledgeable on coding and you wanna learn python..
I am standard IV studentFor me this course is very helpful to understandThank you very muchDr. Chuck
That was a very good online class experience, I like a lot the way the teacher explains the content.
Is taught in a manner that is easy to understand and also include great examples so you can try out.
it would be better if it had persian subtitle for the films to undrestand better but it's stiil good
One of the best courses in the Coursera, highly recommend it. And the instructor is a very cool guy.
This course is very good for beginners. Very good explanation of every topic covered in this course.
The Course is very Informative for Beginners. I really like the way of having assignments & quizzes.
Pros Charles Severance is wonderful teacher who made this difficult topic very easy and fun process.
It's a really nice course for beginners to know about python. Everything is instructed very clearly.
I really recommend this course, it's perfect for begginer, I can't wait for continue learning python
Really good.Very good course,very good instructor, clear teaching.I definetly recommend this course!
It is an excellent presentation with material and Notes , meetings with different persons and books.
It is very nice course and highly recommended for beginners.The class is taken in a very simple way.
It is amazing for beginners. A must try course if you are still taking baby steps in learning Python
This is wonderful man(means teacher).I have no words to thank him.Amazing techinques and references.
Awesome course. The instructor taught in a way that helped me understand why we write certain words.
thanks to everyonethanks to all, it is a great course which serves to enter the world of programming
The last assignment, was interesting to me, Thank for making python so understandable in a easy way.
well-designed course taught by an amazing prof !!! Great lectures along with truly helpful exercises
I love this course. Whoever wants to begin their journey in Python Programming must give this a try.
Excellent course for anyone who wants to start programming! Well worth the subscription to Coursera!
Dr.Chuk has explained the Python basics very nicely and I am now excited to study more about python.
very recommended course. although you don't have any computer background, you will enjoy this course
Excellent course for someone who really wants to know about the language in depth from the beginning
The most basic python programming course, It is best for the beginner with no programming experience
Dr. Charles is really very good and high skilled instructor... really enjoyed his style of teaching.
The course was awesome and I really loved it.The professor was very friendly and easy to understand.
Was a good course and I would recommend it to anyone (beginner level) who is trying to learn coding.
It truly helped me to know the fundamentals in programming that I haven't learned in our university.
It was great learning Python programming language from this platform. Videos were easy to understand
Sir you taught us in very interesting way .Thanks sir for developing my interest in python language.
A very interesting and interactive course for the beginners really impressed  by Michigan university
It was a amazing experience. I would like to thanks  to the tutor and  wish to meet him. Thank u sir
Learning Python is so easy if taught by Dr. Charles Severance. Undoubtedly it is a very good course.
doesn't feels like studying , always enjoyed every bit of this courseHighly recommended for beginner
This is an awesome course...anyone can learn from such a great instructor.  Thanks for mentoring me.
Best teaching by the instructor in a very easy understandable way . Thank you sir Thanks a lot .....
the training was full of information and dr charles made the content easier to understand, thank you
Nice and easy introduction. Can be easily completed within a few days ( if you want also one day :-)
Learned a lot from this course.Thank you very much for giving lessons in such a perfect way!Loved it
This course is very nice, every concepts are taught in depth very well i highly recommended to learn
good course for beginners like me ,very much useful to understand how the programming language works
Great for finding your feet. Especially if one has been away from the technical arena for some time.
The course was great. The instructor was so great, it feels so comfortable to understand everything.
nice course, needs to edit some display aspect of exam proper, the input box covers the instructions
Great way to start learning a new programming language, especially if you have nevered coded before.
Thank you so much for providing to learn in free and for certificate. its really easy way to learn..
The lectures were well paced and entertaining, and the course materials were well organized! Thanks.
Amazing course for a Python beginner to get started with the Python interface and basic programming.
The lecture was easy to understand and particularly the video was just like sitting in a class room.
I am a civil engineering background still I get this certificate in such an easy Thank you very much
Such a nice course and the way instructor telling the concept really make more curious to learn more
Really Basic Course, for somone with a little knowledge of programming this can get a little tedious
Very easy to follow and the instructions are clear.  You'd really learn the start of python from it.
it was a great experience....i loved the professor...he is just so good..need more teachers like him
Loved it. It was very interactive and the assignments got a little tricky and interesting in the end
Felt great by doing this course in courser I am very happy by achieving this certificate & knowledge
Definitely suggestible if you good in any programming language as its little higher than basic level
This course is very useful and entertaining at the time. Thanks a lot Dr.Chuck for this masterpiece.
Good course. Thanks for the entertaining way of teaching. and yes, Python is not angry at me ... yet
Excellent class. Perfectly paced for people who are working full time. Extremely clear explanations.
One of the best course of my life and in the most effective way to understand the basic's of Python.
I'm very excited to start the next level. This course was very productive for me. Thanks professor!!
very nice teaching , great quizes , excellent assignment happy to be a part of cousera online course
Very good by Dr.Chuck.Nicely explained concepts through examples.Looking forward for the next course
Excellent course, the professor is very qualified and great to teach hard things in a very easy way.
The course is optimal to get the basic knowledge of python. Very interesting and interactive lessons
I loved this cousre,it really helps me to understand python concepts and  instructor was really good
This is great! Big Thanks to Dr. Chuck and everyone else who has had part in making this possible :)
Great experience. Very informative and yet not overcomplicated. Course can be taken in comfort pace.
One of the best teacher ever seen .He is so much cool  and enthusiastic and very much chilled person
Thanks Dr. Chuck you are Awasome Sir. My First coding in python and First code ever in any Platform.
The professor provides really great examples, metaphors and context to get ideas through. Great job!
very good course for  beginners. clears very minute as well as important concepts.I really liked it.
I'm a complete newbie (and old) to programming.   This was a great challenge but also a great start!
This course has been designed in a really student friendly manner. Really learnt what I wanted here.
i loved the course!! Really loved the way the Prof. teaches... Thank you for such an amazing course.
I enjoyed this course. It was great introduction to Python, given I had some programming experience.
Great introduction to Python. Easy to finish in 1 or 2 days in case of prior programming experience.
Best for beginners. I really appreciate the course content. It understandable and purely conceptual.
It's a very good course for beginners to learn Python and Dr.Severance is a very humorous professor.
The course was very detailed and helped me in learning the basics. Charles way of explaining is very
Great first step to learn Python. Its better if you have some exposure to coding, just a little bit.
Excellent teaching from the professor and thank you coursera for providing a great platform to learn
Very good introduction to python as a programming language. Easy to follow, full of useful materials
an amazing course, help me to understand the basic concepts of programming, and a go intro in python
It is good for getting started with coding, but if you have any experience at all, it is very basic.
A very clear and comprehensive introduction to programming with a focus on specific Python features.
Excellent course.  The professor is so patient and the course is really well-designed for beginners.
Very brilliant introductory course to programming and to Python. Well designed and delivered course.
This course is well structured. It's easy to understand, and the learning experience is interesting.
Awesome course, everything is so well explained. Theres lot of support if you done quite get things.
The faculty is too good with his explanations. thank you so much to coursera and michigan university
Thank you for such valuable teaching.Learning python has been very effective for competative coding.
This is a good course for a beginner like me. It's easy to understand, detailed yet sometimes funny.
Its a really wonderful course. and its taught so well too. Never forget to do the textbook exercises
It's very easy to understand and to study the teacher is very good and I hope I can meet hem one day
good all starter course, it is a little basic for those that have some prior experience with Python.
Great teacher, good beginner exercises, very thankful to Coursera and University of Michigan for it.
Amazing course as it helped me have a great grip over the language. Thank you Dr. Charles Severance!
I do much no about programming before, this course helped me to starting carrier in computer science
It was a great start into Python and has helped me appreciate the other topics in the Specialization
Best introduction to programming I'd ever seen. And Python was a great choice to get people started.
very good course, the professor has excellent communication skills and the mentors are very helpful.
The course gives the very basiс knowledge of Python, but it is very detailed and easy to understand.
I've tried several other courses and this is the best one I have tried. The videos are really clear!
A really good and friendly introductory to not just Python, but programming as a concept in general.
The course is informative. Liked the concepts broken into small pieces to enable easy understanding.
It is a good course for them who don't have any programming background and guest videos are awesome.
Dr Chuck is a great teacher, the content of the course is what i needed. I'll take the nexto course
One of the best courses i have ever taken and the mentor is really great at what he does.Thank you!
The course is very interesting and easy to learn. The lecturer is so easy to understand. Thank you.
I loved the course as it really starts from "Adam and Eve" and shows you the real basics of Python.
Thanks a lot. It is really a great course I have benefited a lot , and the instructor is brilliant.
Great course! Very thoroughly explained. A great place to start for any beginner in python. Thanks!
it was very great to learn python from coursera i would really want to learn many more about python
Dr.Chuck is fantastic . Awesome Sense of humour and i likee the way of teaching  with a free mind .
Great Course, the tutoring method and teaching scheme made it really easy to understand. Thank you.
coursera is wounderful platfrom to learn courses thank you coursera intresting assignments to solve
Very good course, I learnd the basics, the teacher was concrete and he taught the topics very well.
The teaching was exceptional. Absolutely loved it. Can't wait to learn more!!! Thank you Dr Charles
most liked thing in this course is the way instructor taught me and the course content was awesome.
Its a wonderful course for the beginners . Its does help u in coding as well as knowing the backend
Wow!!! That's was an awesome course. Thanks, Charles Russell Severance sir and also thanks Coursera
It was my first coursera course and my experience about it was wonderful . gracias to Dr charles !!
This is absolutely comprehensive and excellent course. I really enjoyed this cource while learning.
Ineffable course! Really recommend, easy to understand and there's always help when you need it ;-)
it was an opportunity to learn from Coursera and I would appreciate learning more from this website
This course has helped me a lot as I was initially a poor coder, but now I am pretty decent at it!!
This course tells us how Python works in a conceptual way.It helps us to go stepwise and logically.
Good course for those who are really new to programming and want to make an career in programming .
The instructor is extremely good at breaking down concepts into simple terms for a beginner like me
the professor is so fun,he makes the course not that bored and bring me effectiveness and interest!
This is the best online session ever👌.. overall I have learnt more basics regarding to this course
Found the instructor lectures very friendly and easy to understand.Good start for  learning Python.
This is the best course I have ever taken. It's easy to say that since it's also my first MOOC lol.
It is very useful to me and very easy learning web site and that includes teaching with some videos
The teacher has grasped my mind fully with his humor and technique. In end i will Thank to coursera
Very well guided and explained course that helps beginners really get to understand what python is.
I love the way of teaching style,the depth concepts,excellent examples and shorter coding technique
It's very easy to understand even without the IT background at all. Great explanation and material!
This is the easiest way for everyone to start with python. All the classes were just up to the mark
It's a beginning course in python. Everyone should give it a try. Actually, I liked the instructor.
It was a great learning experience. I learned about Python basics, libraries, syntax and semantics.
Prof. Severus Snape is one hell of an instructor. I wish I could have learned this language earlier
perfect !highly recommended for any one wanna learn python specially with no programming experience
the course is well planned and the instructor and setting is very much professional.Happy Learning!
It is very nice to complete this course and gained lot of information regarding  programming skills
Course is perfect for beginners! Highly recommended for everybody. instructor teaches in a fun way.
A great course, the way charles communicates is just great, just basics of python highly recomended
It is very  understandable  course, i recommend it to beginners.  I think it would be a good start.
This course is very effective for everyone to learn Python programming more deeply. Thanks a lot...
very basic course.got It was very helpful to understand the language background and coding with it.
This is very useful course for beginners and instructor explain each topic in very deeply.Thank You
It was very ineractive course session by sir . Loved to learn the basics of python.Thank You Sir !!
I've learnt some basic but good enough syntax which will lead me to higher level of python language
Great content! I totally loved the way it is structured and the assignments  grader is really cool!
A well designed course with detailed instructions, thus ensuring that each student is able to get a
The course is really awesome.Each and every topic is explained in detailed with real time examples.
Good refresher to basic programming fundamentals and concepts. Great primer for Python programming.
This course taught me python and I could practices my english because there was subtitles inside it
Very nice course! The instructor delivers the content very clearly and vividly. Strongly recommend！
Best course of programmation i ever seen ! thank you Charles Russell Severance!thank you coursera !
It's a great innovative way to learn python. all the assignments were good and quite challenging. i
Beginner friendly course, recommended to all people with or without any basic programming knowledge
Excellent initial course for learning Python. The professor, the lessons,... everything is perfect.
Awesome way to learn the basics of programming, this course literally generates interest in coding.
This course was excellent.  I learned everything I needed to get started with Python at my new job.
Very Good Course. Was very detailed and gave great examples and detailed explanations of each step.
best course for beginner.but if you have past coding experience then this is 1-2 day course for you
It was really really great to have this course. Most of the course was very useful to understand Py
The professor explains everything in layman's terms. I would recommend it to the beginners any day!
Awesome Course for learning programming fundamentals from the basic level. Must for every beginner.
A good course for the beginners and the instructor teach us and help us understand things very well
In this course, for some people might seems simple. but this course give us a entire view of Python
It's fantastic course and great explaination by Dr. chuck and really enjoyed my hours out here...:)
i think this course is very good for python beginners. I like how the lecturer structure the course
A Must do course for those who need tutoring on Python...Chucks lectures are truly mind blowing...!
Great learning experience.I highly recommend it to any beginner in the python programming language.
the professor of this course is excellent and I learnt a lot following the professor's instrunction
This course definitely got me interested in Python and I realized how much I've been missing out on
A very good Course for initial learning of python. Also good help in python installation in any OS.
Great introduction to Python ... entertaining and informative. I'm looking forward to the next one!
Awesome course by Dr. Charles to build up the concepts and prepare to get ready for implementation.
Nice course. Dr Chuck takes the time to go in details on basic structures to lay done a strong base
I really like this course. It is very straight forward and simple. It is a great fit for beginners.
Dr. Severance is such a great teacher.  He doesn't skip steps and explains WHY we are doing things.
A great course to start with. I would recommend to all the beginners go through and get brushed up.
This course is great for beginner . I have completed it and love it.Thank you coursera and Prof sir
I found this course very helpful for beginners like me. Definitely will recommend others to use it.
Professor Chuck is awesome!! he cannot make programming any easier to learn!! Thank you Professor!!
Lays down the foundations of Python beautifully. Easy to understand, looking forward to continuing.
Recommend to anybody learning to program. Real easy to follow, with helpful lectures and exercises.
Thank-you, very much for a great course! the explanations are funny, concise and just so well done!
This course was very beneficial for me . With this course i got to learn about the basics of python
The lecturer (Charles Severance) is excellent!! I wish he was my lecturer when I was in university.
the professor is awesome! It is very easy to understand deeply in almost all aspects of the lecture
This is the really good class to start Python learning. Good material, lectures, test. I recommend!
Awesome for beginners. The teacher is very friendly, calm and precise. Good examples and exercises.
Excellent! It is presented very thoroughly and understandable! Assignments are challenging but fun!
This course was amazing! I have never taken Python and feel like I have some grasp on the language.
This course helped me grasp the basics of python.  A huge thank you to the creators of this course.
Great for beginners, especially if you have never learned any programming before. The course is fun
For a totally new progrmming learner auch as me, this course is easy to understand and interesting.
Loved the course! Extremely good teacher, really explained everything to detail. Thank you so much!
This class was very informative and easy for beginners to understand. The instructor was very good.
Very interesting and useful! I like the teaching style a lot and really enjoy learning this course!
Loved the course as a total beginner! Great insights and fueled to dig deeper. Thank you very much
I learned lot of new programming techniques by Python.Loved to learn  getting started with Python.
Excellent introduction to the basics of programing and python. Good at keeping lecture interesting
I really learnt the basics of python which is surely be a helpful study for my carrier. Thank you!
Its one of the best course I've gone through, with assignments and quiz it makes very interesting!
Very nice python 101 for learners! Basic concepts and lines of codes is really good for beginners!
Super good course!! Definitely for the beginners.The instructor is very experienced to learn from.
Awesome...method to learn new languages....Dr. Chuck is an awesome teacher....A whole new pedagogy
the course is great and also the assignments. very well taught by the instructor Charles severance
Easy to understand each and every concept which have been taught which turn i can explore my ideas
I LOVE this course! It is the best online course I've ever taken! THANK YOU Coursera and Dr. Chuck
I really enjoyed it, it boosted my confidence in learning a new language. I never got bored of it.
I really wondered while learning objective of programming, and nowI believe myself as a programmer
This course has given strong programming fundamentals. And it is greatly helpful for any beginner.
best course i have ever seen it before thank you coursera i want to learn more courses in coursera
This course is very good to learn Python. The lectures are interesting and contains good material.
Dr. Charles is an amazing man. And this course is all about basics of Python programming language.
It was so interesting. I have understood all with my intermediate English.Thanks for explanations.
very educational and the professor is really fun to learn from. Makes everything be understandable
I gained the basic Python knowledge and skills.  Thank you very much for very interesting classes.
Excellent, very easy to understand, I hope to continue with the other Python for Everybody Courses
very effective way of course with understandable resources and nice assignments as well as quizzes
I like the way instructor explained everything in a very easy manner especially for beginners. 5/5
Very good starting point, although exercises are really easy, you will not feel challenged at all.
excellent course for all( beginners , intermedite , highly skilled programmers) Thank You Coursera
This course is awesome and the instructor is also very good at teaching stuff in an efficient way.
Overall an excellent experience, the instructer and the material were just perfect for a beginner.
its a very useful course. The people who are not aware of programming can also learn the language.
It's really an awesome course for those who are willing to learn python now or else in the future.
It was really a good learning experience and also learning python is looking more interesting now.
very great course I've seen which is based on python. Dr. chuk is the best teacher for this course
It's very easy way to learn. You get to learn ample of content without getting exhausted or bored.
Amazing experience. Thank you Dr. Chuck you made this course pretty easy to understand and follow.
This is very awesome. I really gained a lot of knowledge from this course and learn lots of basics
Very good course for beginners as it help them to clear their basic concepts of python very easily
for a beginner without any prior knowledge of programming. Its best place to start learning python
Good class , its easy for people who are new into computer programming to learn it with this class
Very good instructor!! Makes the course interesting and is able to spice it with videos and stuff!
Course instructor sir is so amazing. He delivers speech so nicely and make it easy understandable.
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) is strongly recommended for the beginners.
thanks to the course era. I learned the basic programming of python with the help of good examples
A light but increasingly more challenging introduction to programming with Python. Very well done!
i have learn more from coursera . i want to learn another couse from this organisation . thank you
Best Courses for Begineers Programmer. This course helped me a lot. Improve my programming skills.
Perfect place to start python programming with negligible to a minimum amount of prior experience.
this is a really good course and mr.chuck is damn funny.i really loved learning python from him :)
DR.Chuks is Great! Can deal with any programming easily! Sir! we surely implement your strategies.
Great program, good for beginner getting know with what is python and how to start by using python
It's a nice course which explains the minute details of Python. Had a Great learning experience !!
It is very helpful to enroll in the course. Thank you, Coursera for helping to complete the course
this course is so awesome. Chuck is great, he always teach things in a simple and easy-knowing way
Very good course! The teacher is very interesting! And the content is very friendly for beginners!
The professor was very clear with the information, I am happy with the information that I learned.
to the point. useful. just put effort and dedication into it. most importantly reason and purpose.
The course was easy to follow because of crystal clear teaching method. Thanks a lot to Dr. Chuck.
According to me, if someone has just gotten into programming, he/she should start with this course
A Good Course for beginners. Dr.Chuck has did an excellent job. I wish i had a professor like him.
This is the most Useful site ever Please consider sharing it cause i wanna share it with everybody
Starting from the very basic this course is the best if anyone doesn't have any prior knowledge!!!
Excellent, the teachers and mentors are helpful and the videos are very in depth. Highly reccomend
very good course. nice break up of topics. truly, no programming knowledge required to kick start.
Excellent and detailed Lecture. The Tutorial was challenging and clear all my concepts. Thank you.
Excellantly defined curriculum.Can't be better than this for anyone looking to start from scratch.
Excellent Introduction to a very powerful language. Must have for beginning your journey to python
Great course! Many thanks to people who work hard on sharing knowledge with everyone in the world!
My first chapter was really amazing.  All instructor described well from the core of this program.
Excellent to start. Learn Python basics and get good refresh on programming habits. Great teacher.
It was an awesome course, especially for absolute beginners. I would recommend this course to all.
Excellent course! I love the way that professor Charles teach, it is easy to understand and funny!
BUT I STUCK IN PAYMENT METHOD,PLEASE SOLVE THE SO I CAN COMPLETE MY CERTIFICATION FOR THIS COURSE.
Great intro course. The bonus tracks are inspiring where Dr. Chuck interviews legends! Enjoyed it.
really doing good job connecting different student from different college ,university ,country etc
Really simple and easy to understand introduction for beginners with a really charismatic teacher!
Very clear instructor and he takes the time required to explain how to get the most out of Python.
GREAT PYTHON COURSE FOR A STARTER! IT'S VERY USEFUL TO PEOPLE WHO ONLY HAVE LITTLE POCKETS OF TIME
Well taught and Charles is a good teacher. Was a really good beginner course. Thank you very much!
Very good for python beginners especially beginners in programming of any language.  Get the book!
It is a very good course if you are not a developer. Really good tools. Great additional materials
It cannot get simpler than this.. One of the best python courses to be offered in the internet !!!
Combination of video lectures and worked examples really helped with learning the various lessons.
Programming always intimidate me, but the lecture used a fun way to build my interests for coding.
Great intro to the language with a lot of good background about more general program architecture.
Excellent course for people who are absolutely new to programming, and want to have a solid start.
Very intuitive and easy to understand, covering from the very basics to some more advanced coding.
Best Course on Python yet on the Web  Dr.Charles Severance knows the subject and makes it so easy!
Excellent! The best programming I've ever seen, down to core basic, easy to understand and follow.
After taking this course, I knew some basic knowledge in python. It is very helpful and informing.
Great course that is taught clearly and concisely for beginners to understand Python fundamentals.
After taking the codecademy course, I felt this was way easier to grasp any understand. Thank you!
A very varied, highly professional programming course even for participants without IT background.
Its good and perfectly suited for someone who wants to get a feel for Python programming language.
Very helpful course for understanding fundamental concepts of programming and to understand Python
Nice course to start learning to program.Nice explanations about "how to think linke the computer.
Really learn a lot. Now I'm quite interesting in programming. Looking forward to the next lecture.
This course interests me when I open its website. I believe that the professor can teach me a lot.
Good introduction into python programming, but could be more programming exercises in this course.
Coursera gives fab knowledge . Its was excellent to get knowledge from here .Thank you Coursera..
Dr.Chuck is very cool and creative instructor and its always fun to learn from him.Thank You, Sir
Greatly engaging instructor with amazing clarity for teaching. Really loved it and learned a lot!
I am so energetic in this class and love the way Dr. Charles Severance takes each and every class
Great, a very good and simple course that is very good for new students to enter programing world
Very good instructor , Felt the need of coding in real life , a very entry level course to python
This is Best course till now I have learner about Python and Fun Lectures with Charles Severance.
Excellent course for the beginners to start with.  Coding was explained in a much-simplified way.
very basic course and all the elements are broken down into simple steps for better understanding
One of the best courses available to get started with Python! Very easy excercise and explanation
Very good, it is soft, well explained and the way the teacher teaches turns all very interesting.
This is the best course I have ever had! Dr Chuck is an amazing professor! 10/10 would recommend.
i have learned a lot of programming but a i'm half way through. Al ot more has yet to be covered.
This was a fun class to start learning also python. I will be continuing further courses as well.
Excellent course and the content delivery. The instructor makes the concept easily inderstandable
Thank you very much for the course. It was excellent and interesting. Suggest for others to join.
Best course on Python programming with the best instructor. I bet you'll start loving programming
It is a very good course for beginners. And the best thing about this course is, teacher himself.
Vero good course and easy to understand. The instructor is very good in general as a professor :)
I loved this course, all topics were quite clear, for a python beginner it is the perfect course.
Sir Charles is the best instructor you can get. Just go for the course you won't be disappointed.
The course was not monotonous. well organized. One of the best online course I have ever enjoyed.
A very good way to start with python. Nice materials and the teachings of Dr. Chuck were masterly
Very good as a review material if you just came back for Python. It is really good for everybody.
nice course to learn basic of python ,all basic are cleared in a good way ,wonderfull experince!!
An excellent course to get the basics of Python and learn to think logically! Highly recommended!
I love this course! It is really helpful for me to get an understanding of basis of python syntax
Mr. Chuck is very cool. If I have ever been to Michigan, I will definitely pay a visit to him. <3
Go for it! Easy to understand. Charles Russell Severance is the best instructor! I love this man!
It was a really wonderful course...Thank you so much Dr Chuck who made it really a good platform.
This course is awesome! for python program beginners. and i specially thank him for bonus videos.
The course was really amazing and i helped me to understand the basics of python and control flow
I just loved everything in this course. Gained confidence on work on hands and programming skills
Excellent! Professor was really good and did something always new to keep the students motivated.
Great Course for beginners and non programming students who want to build in there python skills.
Best course if someone is new to python programming. 10/10 to the trainer. 10/10 for the content.
It was awesome. I learned the basics so efficiently with the videos and assignments! thanks a lot
This is actually a good course for a beginner. You'll surely get to learn a lot from this course.
Such a wonderful course for beginners. Go for it undoubtedly if u are just to begin from scratch!
if i anyone want to learn python the easiest way then he/she need to have this course on coursera
Very helpful to get started with coding for a new comer with zero knowledge of coding whatsoever.
Very useful course to understand the python language and basic knowledge related to python coding
Great. Loved your classes. You kept is so simple so that it was fun to learn. Highly recommended.
one of the best teachers I have ever came across like he makes concepts look like a piece of cake
One of the greatest course for getting started with Python Programming language for Data Science.
Excellent course content. Our professor was  a genius and he made me fell in wlove with the topic
best educational experience I've ever had and will definitely pursue the next part of the course.
Great explanation by Sir Charles. Looking forward to some new courses from University Of Michigan
Great course content, Dr Severance simplified the course and made it easier to understand Python.
Excellent course for novice or beginners.You will be confident enough to start python programming
The course is so interactive. It was fun listening to dr.Chuck as well as doing those assignments
The professor was very patient and helpful. Teaching materials are informative. Highly recommend.
It was really helpful course to start your way through programming .thank to Dr chuk for his work
Thank you! Absolutely wonderful course and the instructor is really good to get the point across.
This course is indeed for everybody. I think any learner regardless of the background can fit in.
Very good exemples in videos. Very good exercises to understand the important details on the code
I think the course is awesome. And the teaching assistants are good. I hope to continue learning.
Course is too basic and it is explained really well ,i highly recommend it to beginners of python
Very well explained, from the basics but very interesting! I would recommend it for any beginner.
That was an amazing learning journey. The way that Dr. Chuck explained the topics was incredible.
This course is so useful, especially for those people who do not have any programming background.
hello guys awesome experience in python very quick to learn programming mostly easy to understand
Perfect course to start with and to revise. Everything is explained in details. Highly recommend!
yeah it's good if anyone wants to learn python, even if anyone has no prior programming knowledge
This is an excellent course for beginners. It's easy to understand and the instructor's amazing!!
Best course for beginners and even for people with zero coding knowledge irrespective of language
Some with very little or no experience in coding can easily get comfortable with the programming.
Quite a satisfying experience after completing this course. Enhanced the programming skills a lot
I really like this course. the instructor is really helpful and give a lot of information. Thanks
It's my first course in Coursera and I really enjoy the process of learning it.Thank you so much!
IIt was an extradinary cource ,it was raelly useful to me.i requested to all to join this cource.
Excellent course, excellent professor!I have enjoyed a lot running again this course after years.
a Very detailed Course that is really suitable for Beginners with no prior Programming experience
Very good course for the beginners and who are new to programming. I feel he is the best teacher.
Awesome course with good materials and video sessions. Chuck is an incredibly great professional.
this course was excellent  for me i learnt many things like basics of python programming language
Useful course material and perfect instructor! Perfect course to start learning programming with.
Awesome.  Great for people with no experience in programming. Commonsensical & Clearly explained.
Excellent course, in terms of course material , lecturer , course material everything was perfect
Great explanations for non-computer folks. I enjoyed the exercises. This course is a great start.
it's good for a newstart but too trivial for people who already have some programming experience.
Simple for beginners to understand. I am not a beginner but it I took it to refresh my knowledge.
This course was awesome!!  The instructor explained the concepts very well and very thoroughly!!!
Very good course and instructor. I felt a lot more satisfied on taking this course specialization
Easy to follow for both video lectures and materials available to look back on. Highly recommend!
Instructor is super helpful and this course is really open to everybody to start learning python!
Very nice course and very nice lecturer. Can learn even you do not have any basic of programming.
Very user friendly and had enough instruction time to ease me into the subject. Would take again!
I am just starting the course, but, I can see how efficient and wonderful it is.. and it will be.
A good course with a good lecturer. Really loved it. I'm gonna suggest this course to my friends.
It's great and pretty friendly to new members of coding! I will keep going on with these courses!
This is a very good introduction course for a starter with zero experience to get to know Python.
A great course if you want to learn Python but has no python background or any coding background.
Educational and entertaining, and has part of a Specialization there is more of the same to come.
Great course to take up! Nice materials and tutorial videos very easy to understand from scratch.
This course by dr. chuck is pretty amazing in it's own way.I am glad to be a part of this course.
Thank you professor for teaching me all the basics of Python, I've learned a great deal from you!
Great course. Clear explanations and the bonus chapters are very interesting. Highly recommended.
Great course! It's  interesting and suitable for starters. The textbook is a great reference too.
Excellent course. The Assignment are moderate but brilliantly designed. Will recommend to anyone.
Good review of python. Very easy if you have coding background was able to finish in about 4 hrs.
This course gave very basic information and relative information. Thank for this course creation.
The course was really good and the teaching is very nice explained very clearly thank you so much
I like the Course.When I learn the Course , I get the passion ,patience and sense of achievement.
Funnest MOOC I have enrolled on yet. Learnt a lot in a short period of time, great for beginners.
Professor use vivid explanation to illustrate basic ideas in python. it helps a lot to understand
It's an excellent course which provides lots of details and instances of python for the learners.
Amazing course, great teacher. I've learned a lot of new things about Python. It's serious stuff!
Very basic for using Python as a tool instead of focusing too much on the grammar. Not difficult.
Very helpful for beginners. All the information is described so simple and understandable. Thanks
Lectures are too good.  Helpful not only for python learners but all who wants to be a programmer
Fundamental course for python programming taught by an interesting professor. Highly recommended!
It's an awesome learning experience. I am looking forward to some more courses related to python.
A very good course with a very kind teacher and very good support information and software aids.
You are an awesome Teacher Mr Chuck. I love the way you teach , I never get bored in your class.
.I love Dr Chuck engaging and humorous way of teaching! His lessons are awesome and interesting.
Very good introduction to programming and Python. Beginners are recommended to take this course.
Best course for beginners. If you are a newbie in Python then definately this course is for you.
It is very good for beginners.Very easy to learn basic of python programming.Very good teaching.
The course has been explained very well and involves the learner to think and develop good code.
Very knowledgeable, easy to understand and Dr. Charles just great .His teaching is just awesome.
This Course was very exciting and wonderful. I have learned a lot of things through this course.
I couldn't have asked for a more detailed course about Python basics. It was easy to understand.
Straightforward and well taught course. Really enjoyed it! Looking to learn more from Dr. Chuck!
A great insight of Learning something new. Now interested in doing more.This was a great course.
The instructor is very well spoken and makes the concepts very clear. Great experience over all.
Best python tutorial for beginners. Dr. Chuck managed to prove that anyone can become pythonist.
Thanks for your dedication! The course is pretty good and intuitive for beginners!Thanks, Chuck!
This is a wonderful course, i learned a lot of new things, this course has an excellent teacher!
The easiest teaching language I've ever seen. Love the teaching style. Thanks for encouraging:-)
It was nice experience. I learnt a so many new things. Thank you Charles Russell Severance Sir..
Thanks Dr. Chuck & Coursera .This course is really helpful. I'm very excited for the next level.
I thank the whole team for making this platform very easy and understandable course.THANK YOU...
Thank You Dr Severance!!!! I really enjoyed these lectures and your sense of humor.Keep it up!!!
Wonderful Course. Thanks Dr. Chuck. You are one of the best instructors I have ever come across.
This is my first online course .This is the best course and the course instructor is really goog
Excellent course. I have learned a lot so far and I'm enthusiastic about the rest of the course!
I just loved the way the course is, and Dr. Charles Severance Sir, I have become a fan of you!!1
it is really great to learn with Dr. Charles Russell Severance.very much helpful for a beginner.
The videos were all clear about the steps and the commands and functions that we learned to use.
It's an excellent  course. It give us basic understand of python language in very effective way.
i have never programmed before this is a great way to start up. The lecturers explain very well.
Course covered all the basics which are required to begin the data science journey.. Good course
This course is a great way to start on learning python :) I learned alot! Thank you Dr. Chuck :)
Very interesting and encouraging course. The difficulty level was just enough to keep motivation
for beginner it is very useful to learn programming for everybody it teaches you aall the basics
amazing course, dont forget to use google if you stuck in assignment(not for the answers though)
Great course for those who like to learn Python language with a  great instructor Dr. Chuck :-).
Covers all the things with a flexible schedule. Really nice instructor. Will take the second one
Teaching method is so good and easily understable. Thank you for moulding my career to be better
Love this course. The professor is funny and brilliant, making everything easily understandable.
This is an amazing course to begin programming from scratch and understand the basics of Python.
it was an awesome course got to learn a lot about python basics and also some programming basics
Very good instructor , good explanation and very good begging to learn ow to program with python
Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor. This course is excellent. I enjoyed this course very much.
THank you for providing me with this wonderful opportunity to learn such a nice beginner course.
Good for newbies in Python, but for me the tricky challenge exercise in last week of this course
It's an amazing course to get familiar with python syntax and fundamentals of a computer program
it was very upto the point.my basics are quite clear and i can further go with my advance course
Great course. Well set-out. very usable interface. No way it takes as long as prescribed though.
Charles is wonderful professor, I can feel the passion to teach us to study Python in the world.
Its a comphrehensive course with beautful examples , which are ver easy relate  and practicable.
the coursera helped me a lot in learning pythoni have been honored to have the courserathank you
This course help me to learn python easily .I enjoy to do assignment and quiz . Level is so good
it was really great experience and this course is amazing for python basics and advance as well.
Accessible and easy to follow.  Excellent on-ramp to the larger world of Python and programming.
great course, really help us to improve our skills and special thnx for providing financial aid.
This was an excellent course and the instructor Dr. Chuck is the best teacher I have ever seen!!
Excellent course for those wishing to take an introduction into the python programming language.
I really enjoyed this course and will do the next one! Very good structure and very entertaining
除了最后一个作业以外，这门课真的对新手非常友好。Except for the last assignment, this is a really rookie-friendly course.
Excellent Material and teaching methodology. Clear Concepts and very helpful support from tutor.
I learned the basic syntax of Python. I recommend it to students who look for learning new thing
Great Course if you want to learn the basics of python. Simple and easy to follow course content
It is a great course, helping me to understanding the basic knowledge of Python and programming.
Very well-structured class, with lots of information about python and the proper guidance. Thaks
Excellent introduction to the topic. Everything was explained in a simple and clear way. Thanks!
Dr Chuck is a great teacher, and the content is very useful for understanding python programming
Excellent content, both challenging and educational at ju the right levels for a total beginner.
Perfect course for beginners with Python and programming. The analogies are the best on the web!
I really enjoyed the classes and the simple introduction, for someone with no coding background.
Professors explanation is really good and easily understood even for beginners like me.Thank you
It was an awesome course especially for those without any programming experience and background.
Great python intro with easy to use coding tool which allows for instant grading of assignments.
The assignments really helped me to cover all the class materials and create the code on my own.
Find this is really helpful for beginners! Try to keep working on the rest of the four courses!!
Love this course!  The instructor is wonderful and makes it easy, even for a coding nub like me!
Exceptional! Professor is well versed and makes learning Python interesting somehow. Five Stars!
Easiest way to learn python. Charles Severance is easily one of the best trainers in this field!
I enjoy the course and the bonus videos are really a nice reward for going through the material.
i liked it a lot, good examples from the professor and great support at forums. Thank you a lot!
It says it take 7 weeks, but can easily be done in 1. Otherwise, best course I have seen so far.
Great basic course if you don't have any programming experience. I recommend this to everyone :)
Amazing course for beginners. I recommend it for whoever wants to start coding from the scratch.
This was a great course and allowed me to become a better programer using the language of python
A great & fun course for beginners. I really recommend it if you have no idea about programming.
Dr. Severance's approach in teaching this course has been a tremendous help in my understanding.
Simple and easy to learn. Great instruction with a professor who seems to really enjoy his work!
Beautiful course. Most descriptive. I love the way things had been presented. Amazing course !!!
thank you so much Dr. Chunkthank you so much Courserafor giving me the opportunity to learn more
I believe this is great course for starters, who have recently started programming. Great Stuff.
The lectures are well thought out on how to teach the concepts for understanding not memorizing.
Amazing professor, easy to learn and entertaining. Will complete the rest of the course classes.
The classes are crystal clear. even a person without any computer knowledge can understand them.
The Course " Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)" is so good for beginners ,
Great professor, great content. It can give you a great idea of what is Python and how it works.
I wish it was a bit more difficult. However I sure that the next class should be more difficult.
I appreciate the efforts made by the team, especially Dr.Chuck the way the content is delivered.
The best course done so far on coursera the teacher deserves a lot of credit, Thank you so much
This course is interesting,enthusiastic,knowledgeable. Instructor is good and teach in easy way
Dr. Chuck is an organized man in teaching a subject. in addition, I didn't feel bored with him.
The course was really great for a beginner to learn to code in python. Basic codes can be made.
Excellent course and I would suggest this if you are a beginner and really want to learn python
Great course! Dr. Severance lessons are easy to understand and to the point. Totally recommend.
Perfectly organized course and the way is information provision is very comfortable. Thank You!
Great outcome. Designed in a way for a beginner to understand and get to the crux of the topic.
Very Good Teaching. I find it difficult later in the middle until the last week of this course.
Nice teaching with good examples , super exercises to revise the content and awesome professor.
An easy beginning into python . The instructor is quite relatable and therefore understandable.
Was an amazing learning experience,the very basics of python programming is clear.Thanks a lot.
Dr Chuck is an excellent teacher for this course, and he made Python easy to understand for me!
I like it, the instructor has good analogies to facilitate understanding how Python reads code.
A really good course to develop basic understanding and working of python programming language.
The course is manageable and the professor is great. He makes the content clear and accessible.
Loved Chuck and his method of teaching. Great sense of humor. Highly recommended for beginners!
lovely... very good content and the way of teaching and interviews of the journey of python....
I really enjoyed the complete course . I am now completely confident in programming in python .
I am grateful to the instructor and the Coursera community for designing this wonderful course.
A Wonderful experience by learning by the instructor like Dr. Chunk.Thank You So Much Dr. Chunk
Professor Charles is the best teacher i have ever seen and his teaching skills are unparalleled
I loved the teaching method, study material, and assignment question. Thank you for the course.
It is very nice course to start with,mentor teaches in very nice way and engages will teaching.
Dr. Chuck is so interesting that you never get bored  It's a good starting point for beginners.
It's a great course that clears the basics of programming at a steady pace.Loved the experience
Dr. Chuck is amazing. He knew it perfectly how to engage students and make them learn the most.
Good course for python basics learning.  All what you need to complete this course already here
IT WAS GREAT COURSE FOR BEGINERS TO LEARN PYTHON ,THANKS PROF.CHARLES SEVERANCE FOR THIS COURSE
Learner have to have some knowledge over programming language introduction.It's a great course.
It's amazing course and instructor #drchuck# drchuck is very amazing instructor and also person
The way of teaching was very good, very useful for the beginers to learn how tpo code in python
Wonderful professor! I loved his facial expressions which made his teaching an interesting one.
This course is easy to follow and gives good basic knowledge in Python programming for beginner
A person who does not know a single word of coding can learn very easily from this about python
very good experience learn during python.course content very good.and teach in very simple way.
best indroductory course nd best mentor ever for beginners to get a good foundation over python
the course is a very good beginners course. its teaches everything from scratch and in details.
Excellent Course and Excellent Instructor Dr. Chuck Thank You So much for the wonderful Session
Very useful course. A good presentation of all the basic topics in  Python programming language
The course introduces Python in great detail.If there is a Chinese version, it will be perfect.
Great instructor. Easy to understand introduction to Python - truely programming for EVERYBODY!
Finely wrapped up the very basic of python programming. The course is great for very beginners.
The excellent lecturer I have ever seen so far. It was an amazing experience sir. Thank You sir
Professor has a likeable demeanor and presents the information in an easy to understand format.
It is a good course that teaches us about basic programming language of python. I love it a lot
It's a great introduction to Python.  I look forward to taking more in-depth courses from them.
Thanks to Dr. Chuck and Coursera for this course. I will continue to build on this.Thanks,Niraj
The courses are easy to understand and texts are simple. The instructors make things feel good.
The instructor was amazing, and he really made me attracted to finish the course in a few days.
it is best online python course available . Its help me to learn my first programming language.
Dr Chuck is perfectly good at explaining complicated things in a very vivid and attractive way!
Very easy to understand and comprehend.  Great step in getting started with python programming.
This course helped me a lot in building my coding skills and about the syntax of  the language.
It is a really good course for beginners and the people who have experience in other languages.
Very clear concise explanation of the basics, but useful for more advanced learner as a review.
Love the course. It takes me from nowhere to at least somewhere in the path of learning Python.
Very Helpful! Dr.Chuck is really an excellent teacher who makes things much more interesting :)
Great Introduction to the topic, great instructor and a good pace. An excellent course overall.
A well designed very basic course in programming in general with a good introduction to python.
I'm a Computer Scientist and I really thought this course was effective. It's well constructed.
Very easy and with good paced steps by Mr. Charles Severance. I learnt a lot from his lectures.
Great course and I really enjoy it.  Teacher did a great job in explaining the course material.
I love this course,and I will continue my studies in this platform~excellent course and teacher
Really good, this course is the most for everyone. Charles Severance is really a great teacher!
Thanks so much for this great course , i hope that all the other courses to be like this .Alan.
Excellent step by step introduction to Python.  Ideal for complete programming novices like me!
Course is curated really well. I recommended it highly to the people who want to pursue Python!
Great start of the course, like it.It is interesting to participate and do the task after task.
Excellent course for the beginners! Dr. Chuck explains programming in a really interesting way.
good.  excessive explanation for someone with coding background, but perfect for a first timer.
I like this course! It is very good start for learning Python. Teacher Chuck is a professional.
Great experience, great course and i really fell very satisfied with knowledge i have adquired.
Exceptional course for beginners. Professor Charles Severance makes learning truly interesting.
I found this course really great for those just starting to code and would highly recommend it.
Very Very good for Beginner Student who doesn't know basics of Computer Programming. Keep it Up
I enjoyed how everything is explaned and I was able to follow along.  The lectures and booked h
amazingly concise and simple. Easy to learn! To put it simply, it is Programming for Everybody!
Excellent course for beginners! I knew nothing about programming before and now I just love it!
Simple to understand and helps student to learn programming from scratch with simplest examples
very infromativ it would be nice if there was an option to report bug on the assignments though
The professor is really patient and nice! It is easy to understand many concepts through books!
This course is presented in a very easy to follow manner by a obviously experienced instructor,
Great intro!  Looking for guidance on what to take next to progress skills to analyze files etc
Great simple intro to Python in a nice presentable manner. Makes it very easy and approachable.
Really enjoyed it, very easy to follow thanks to Charles's excellent way of explaining content.
A user-friendly, comprehensive introduction to Python. Really looking forward to forging ahead!
Extremely easy to follow. Makes the world of programming seem simple and extremely interesting.
Very interesting course, even though it could have been done using Python 3 instead of Python 2
I really like Python and this course just makes it easy to fall in love. Good Job by Dr Charles
Good introductory coding class. Covers the fundamentals, programming philosophy and basic tools
Great course and excellent teacher!! It is real fun to approach python by this! High recommend!
very good explanation about basic programming and algorithms. Help you a lot to get the concept
Best start to Python!! Got myself a good foundation for the rest of the Python related courses.
awesome lectures by Dr.Chuck , i really enjoyed them and i got much clarity on them.thank u sir
Very interesting courses and I think learning from the lecture is faster than reading the book.
This class does an excellent job explaining the basics without glossing over any relevant info.
Absolutely great course for begginers with understandable explanation of programming in python!
easy, interesting, informative. love Dr. Chuck. a very good beginning course for Python learner
Like this course very much. It explains in details things that I never could understand before.
Absolutely Fine , Excellent to Learn Here.Thanks a lot for such good explanations, and lessons
Very useful Course I recommend it to any one want to have the basics of programming in general
Professor Severus (slytherin god) is a python god. Thanks a lot for such beautiful explanation
The course "Programming for Everybody" is really great and the platform Coursera is excellent.
I needed to jump start and it was just about right! Very enjoyable class and right about work!
It will be helpful for all the python programming biggenars if you join this course, thank you
its a great course for beginner programmers or people having no knowledge about programmming .
very considerate and Excellent teaching and material to begin programming thank you so much..!
perfect course for beginners; very straightforward and everything was explained extremely well
Thank you, Dr Severance, you made everything so easy to understand. It was a great experience!
Recommending to anybody out there who wish to start learning python in a proper structured way
Excellent teaching and i enjoyed a lot thorough the course .thankyou sir and thankyou coursera
Very beginner friendly and gives a proper understanding of professional programming! Thank you
Best for beginners in Programming and for others too. One of the very best interactive course.
Easy to understand,great instructor,want to learn python from scratch this is the best place .
Very good. This helped me excel in my studies. These are the best assignments I have ever done
it was a very wonderful course and dr. charles severance sir explained everything very nicely.
Amazing course for a beginner. This course is wonderfully instructed.it was a great experience
The teaching method is very intuitive. Professor Severance makes everything easy to understand
A good introductory course to learn python.I gain much knowledge of programming and algorithm.
As per the name says, its for all types of learners. The instructor was very good at teaching.
This is a very nice course for the beginners, it clears my all doubts and gives me confidence.
This Course is really amazing. I love it. Easy and more details. etc. Thanks for everything...
Suggest for those who don't know any thing abut python. it gives basic python programming. and
It is an excellent starting class for people to learn python language and programming concept.
Dr. Chuck explains everything in a way that is super easy to understand. Thank you Dr. Chuck!!
This course is very helpful to learn about python programming basic and very eaiser not boring
This course is super! teacher is professional,  Dr. Charles R. Severance, thank you very much!
Discussion form is good, I am receiving immediate response and VIDEOS are also good. Thank you
This course is so interesting..I m really enjoy it...This is helpful for our career to..☺️☺️☺️
Excellent video lectures of python starting from basics,now I am able to write python programs
The course is excellent. Moreover, it is very much helpful to understand the basics of python.
It was amazing.I have learned how to design a program in python and theory was also quit good.
I knew a little bit of C, so seemed easy and interesting! learned a lot. thank you, Dr. chuck!
I found this course very helpful. It was easy to understand and examples were great. Thank you
I have learned python programming with very sequentially up to this lesson. Thank you so much.
This course will help the students to learn programming language without any coding background
The Best course I have attended online  , It's not easy to pass all the exams in this course .
Great for a beginner programmer who is especially learning his/her first programming language.
it was such a great teaching . i loved the course. thank  you coursera for giving this course.
It was amazing!!! Thank you Coursera and University of Michigan for giving me this opportunity
It teaches basics of Python. It is extremely good course where you can get started with python
Easy to understand....any body who don't know programming can learn pythonExcellent instructor
It was a great experience during this course . It's very helpful to the beginners  of python .
Great Experience I have completed it in 7 days because of interest in Python.Thank You So Much
It was a very nice course especially for a dummy like me who has just started learning python.
Very easy to understand, good instructor providing simplified teaching for everyone. good job.
it was nice to learn the python , try to learn all the remain courses under this specilization
this is a very interesting programming language. I hope to join another course in the future .
the course was amazing! prof.chuck is awesome. looking forward to do data structures with him.
Chuck is a great teacher, i loved it!! this is just the beginning and not the end. LETS GO :-)
best course for leaning the fundamental for students who wish to excel in feild in programming
Great teacher, extremely comprehensive, easy to follow and so great to start coding! Loving it
It was an excellent experience. Thanks, Dr. Chuck for creating such a masterpiece of teaching.
This course has made learning python easier. Thanks Dr.Chuck for being such a good instructor.
It is an amazing course. This would help both computer background and non-computer background.
The course is absolutely perfect for beginners and helped me revise my basics again. Thank you
the content of the course and the nature and tutorial skill od the instructor is really awosme
an engaging and addictive course. Worth trying!! BUT you MUST work your A** to make it happen.
Clear explanations and sufficient examples .(But a bit TOO EASY for computer science students)
Very clearly explained. Quite easy for a layman to understand the basics and build confidence.
Very interesting and well-designed course! Can't wait for the next part of the course! Thanks!
It was really basic to me, but I took it anyway to refresh. They way it is explained is great.
Fascinating for the starters! Many thanks to the Mr. Charles Severance and his amazing effort.
Excellent way of teaching and very good points to learn about. Highly recommended for newbies.
I've tried many times to learn programming, with many different courses. This one is the best.
Interesting, all the concepts well explaining and you do all the assignments at your own rythm
This course is absolutely awesome! It can really help a beginner to the programming languages.
The course is easy to understand and how the material delivered was fun!Thanks Chuck and Team!
Really interesting and useful course for getting started in python (especially in programming)
Fantastic course! Learnt an immense amount. Thank you Charles, you are a fantastic instructor.
The instructor is very interesting and the class is easy to follow. Well organized. I love it.
Very engaging with the right pace for beginners.  I particularly like the simple toolset used.
I am a complete beginner in programming and in two days i wrote my first script. I'm ecstatic!
The course is good for the beginners ,the tutor sir Charles Servence is awesome for the course
A great introduction to Python programming. Professor Severance made the subject seem so easy.
Very good course. Interesting, useful and step-by-step guide. Liked it a lot! Thanks, Charles!
One of the amazing course I have so far. Instructor has grip and experience on subject matter.
this is a basic entry class for Python programming. You will not regret to take it as a start!
Good basic overview of the language. Very well taught and I am looking forward to progressing!
i enjoyed this course alot got my mind thinking and challenging me to pay attention to details
Loved the way the course was taught. This was my first course and i enjoyed it a lot. Tank you
The course was really well paced with periodic tests. I really liked the format of the course.
Good start if one hasn't done any programming before! Everything is very thoroughly explained.
Amazing teacher. The explanations are clear, fun and the courses supports are highly engaging.
Excelente approuchs. Teacher is very sucintelly.This course is first door to world programming
I love this course and how it is taught! I think it is very beginner friendly and interesting.
A wonderful course design for people who has zero background on programming. Highly recommend!
It was my first experience of online courses and I found it to be very interesting and useful.
I have not known any computer language. This is really a great start. Thank you Dr. Severance.
The course was very helpful. The lecturer taught very nicely and made the session interesting.
I learned a lot in the class. Had a great time! I'm looking forward to more classes like this.
Excellent beginner's level programming course for anyone interested in learning Python basics.
Well paced lectures and assignments .  Quiz's at the end of every class keeps you motivated ..
This and the following courses are taught clearly and engagingly - a great intro to both progr
I appreciate the time the instructor brought to this class to make it an enjoyable experience.
My first completed course, Dr Chuck is fantastic educator, this course is very well structured
Interesting and useful contents, knowledgeable yet humorous lecturer! Really enjoy the course!
The explanations were very good and the exercises and assignments reinforced my understanding.
I highly recommend this course. I am definitely going to be finishing the entire Python track.
good insight, great teacher. overall great experience. highly recommended for newbies like me.
The class is well paced and the instructor provides the content in a very easy to digest mode.
Awesome teaching method, very complete course with lots of hands-on assignements and examples.
Nice videos. Teaching is very easy to understand. This course is helping me a lot. Thank you!
A Wonderful Course for those who are trying to enter the world of programming through Python.
Thank you, Charles! Really enjoyed your lectures!! I found it interesting to study Python! :)
I would recommend this course to everyone who want to learn Python or programming in general.
easy to follow and thoroughly explained, takes into account absolute begginers in programming
Helped me lot to brush up my basic knowledge on python.FULL STARS FOR THE COURSE AND COURSERA
Absolutely clear and understandable course for beginners in Python with no previous knoledge.
78/5000
The teacher explains in a fun and educational way, I recommend it 100%, Thanks a lot.
Very nice course for the beginner. I will suggest to enroll this course for the better start.
This course help me to understand python. Really good for beginner that want to learn python.
A very friendly approach to teaching people. Also good division and distribution of lectures.
Very informative course with assignment and quiz that helps to test your learning efficiency.
Dr. Chucks is the best instructor ever!! He made everything so simple and easy to understand.
An excelent and quite didactic course to begin or restart the path of programming. Thank you.
Dr. Charles Severance is a great instructor. He makes the course very lively and interesting.
An amazing introductory course to set up sails on python, im looking forward to the next part
the instructor was really amazing he really loves teaching, humble and acts in a friendly way
I love this course. I learn skill of coding so much and this course make me enjoy really much
This course is very useful for all the beginners who want to learn python..Happy Learning :-)
Awesome course. very much impressed by the instrcutorcreative way of teachinglove from India.
It was a very useful and skillful course which will definitely help me in my academic career.
very happy with the course. learnt so many things..i am very happy with it.thank you coursera
I  am become fan of tho guide of this course .He is teaching me very well .he is just great .
It's ok for people who started learning now and impressive and when will I get my certificate
I recommend this course if you want to learn python or programming in general.It was awesome.
good teaching . But need to focus on example solving to make the programs easy to under stand
Awesome course and the teacher is so good . He teaches the course very easily and efficiently
Excellent Starting point, easy and manageable timeline. Thanks you Dr. and everyone involved.
Excellent course for beginners. The course has the basic overview of programming using python
A very good overview of programming for beginners. Thank you so much. I enjoyed it very well.
A great Introduction to Python and a lot of concepts and things to learn so easily from here.
Wonderful Experience!! This course introduced me to the programming world in a wonderful way!
Absolutely brilliant. You'll get to love Python and the Instructor by the end of this course.
i like the coursera beacuse i easly choose the course and  i easly download the ofgline video
This course is really helpful and instructor of this course is very Good.Keep going!!!!!!!!!!
The course was really amazing and so much fun! Everything was easily understandable and nice.
It is very helpful. After this course, you will be excel in the basics of python programming.
It was a very good experience with this course. I learned a very effective concept of python.
One of the best programming courses . It helped me a lot in learning  a new topic very easily
It's very useful course for this present technology and I suggests everyone to do this course
5/5 rating course, very useful.Thanks, Professor Charles Russel SeveranceGreetings from Italy
Its Highly Enhance the Programming Skills of Learner. I am Very happy to Complete this course
Best course to get started with python programming ! thanks to Charles Severance and Coursera
Excellent and in-depth explanation of each and every topic. Looking forward for more courses.
This is a very delightful journey for beginners to take to get to know Python with Dr. Chuck.
It is  a great course for those who are  new to programming and learning their first language
This is a very entertaining way of learning how to program. Five stars for Charles Severance!
Thank You COURSERA,for providing such an amazing course to learn Python starting from Scratch
The best course in the world.Also the speaking style of speakers attracted me to listen them.
Python For Everybody helps to boost my skills to understand control flow of the programThanks
perfect course for people who wish to start with python.great content and a great instructor.
Really easy to understand. I like how Dr. Chuck explains the different concepts in the class.
The course is very clear and structured for totally beginners in python. It is a good course.
A course for a real novice in programming. The quizzes would be a little bit harder, I think.
It was so nice course ,I really enjoy it , the instructor was so nice , I loved him so much .
Pretty cool course! The explanations are easy to understand, and exercises are really useful!
Great introduction course for limited CS background learner. Hopefully include more examples.
I love it and had never attended this smooth flowing online class before, hats off Dr. Chuck.
A helpful course for people having no programming background and the instructor is great. wow
Amazing, I recommend this course to everyone that wants to learn how to program using python.
Amazing course and extremely easy to follow. I can't wait to complete all the others courses.
Excellent. If anyone is interested in learning the basics of python just go with this course.
A MUST DO COURSE FOR PYTHON LEARNERS. HELPS A LOT IN GETTING INTO ADVANCE PYTHON PROGRAMMING.
I think this course is very useful for students who just start her or his career with Python.
That's how I would like to learn any new concept or field of study that I'm not familiar with
Really interesting Course, thankyou for all the people who worked hard to create this course.
Explain Python in a basic, detailed and interesting way. Really good start for new beginners.
Great course. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who is beginning to learn how to program.
Great course!  Very easy to start programing.  The material with videos made it very helpful.
I just love it! More than recommend it! Too bad i can't buy it :( but well i'm fine auditing!
thanks for the great work dr.charles - it was indeed a pleasure to learn python in your class
good lecturer! really enjoy this course and I will definitely go on with this Specialization.
Great feeling when you actually code by yourself and understand that learning is so much fun.
Course is okay. But we could some more in depth knowledge of conditions, functions and loops.
This is an awesome course. Contains all basics to be learnt to begin programming with python.
Great course, Professor is wonderful, You don't need basics programming him clearly teach You
This was an excellent introduction to Python. I wish I knew about it when I started learning.
This is an awesome course, Love the way he teach things and love the atmosphere of the class.
Great tutor and step by step explanation of what is happening. Perfect course for a beginner.
Fantastic course for starters in Python. Good content, exercise, quizes. Excellent Instructor
i like it so much, the material is so good and easy to understand, thanks to the professor  !
God introduction at a nice pace for beginners. Would have like to use Python 3 instead of 2.7
The material and the teaching style is very basic and easy to understand. Highly recommended.
very good course for programming beginners to learn basic concepts of programming and python.
It was awesome. Perfect for beginners like me. Thanks Dr. Chuck! You are one amazing teacher!
Very good class to start programming in Python ! Instructor is a great teacher and is funny !
Excellent course !!!
I want to keep learning
You are to be congratulated!!!
God bless you!!!!
Dr. Chuck taught me something in python that noone else could, he gave me souch confidence!!!
Great Starter and Introduction to basic programming along with Python basics!  Very valuable!
really good！This course made me more excited about python. I like the way he explains things.
It was definitely awesome!! Thank you for providing this magnificent class to new pythoners!!
It explains the topics really well and I think using this course could help you in your life
It is highly recommended for those of you who want to learn the python programming language.
one of the best pyhton instructor his way of teaching is just amazing and easy to understad.
This the perfect python course for the beginners who have no experience in programming ever.
A really good introduction to python basics and familiarisation with the ongoing technology.
A magnificent course helps in increasing the knowledge about the python from the basic level
Great introduction for people of all skill levels. Immersive learning, and good quality too.
This was a great course and great lecture and i am intrested to learn much more about python
The classes and the explanation of the content is terrific, very understandable for everyone
This course is unbelievable, overcomed my expectations. Thanks Dr. Chunck, thanks everybody.
Very easy to understand and i feel good connection to teacher because  of his teaching style
A very useful course for people looking for a start in Python or even programming in general
i really liked the coures...Thnx Coursera and University of Michigan,,,Dr. Charles Severance
Thank you Coursera for teching me the basics of Python. This course was really very helpful.
If you want to learn programming try this ,  you surely get the knowledge about programming.
Much more fun and well-paced than expected. Dr. Severance is a very engaging video lecturer.
i love this course very much because i have learnt more knowledge of python from this course
This is my first coursera course which i have completed successfully!!Dr. chuck is amazing:)
Nice to meet the teacher. I have a really wonderful time while studying with him. Thank you!
excellent content for the beginner and thank you coursera and Michigan University and Dr.chu
it was really amazing experience with professor.. we expect similar course by professor soon
Its a very nice course i have learnt fundamental  of python programming through this course.
It is very wonderful course, Dr. Chuck taught me very well. I wish this would help me a lot.
Best professor that I have had on Coursera. Makes an easily complex subject very accessible.
I'm an older programming but in C++ so this course was easy to me, thank you for this course
I wana say think you for helping me know how to write python code it was I vary usful cours.
This is one of the best courses I have attended. Must go up with this if you are a beginner.
A great introductory  course in Python. I've learnt a lo! i'll do  the entire specialization
The course is taught from scratch and it is taught in a way that makes it very easy to learn
Excellent course for beginners which includes comprehensive learning. One will surely enjoy.
I really like this course, thank you so much professor, and thank you University of Michigan
professor is really a good one.. i enjoyed this course and hopefully will do the next 4 also
Very good course for Python starters and detailed illustration by prof. highly recommended!!
Great introductory course.  It helped me learn the basics quickly.  Highly recommend so far!
The course so far has been excellent for getting to know the fundamentals of Python language
The way he explained things are just awesome. That makes it more interesting to learn and br
After a while learned something great and hence recommend other to take this course as well.
ExcellentHappy to complete the course.sorry i cant draw here happy face.faculty is excellent
Excellent course ! The explanations are really good. The assignments are really helpful too.
Dr. chuck is the best teacher to choose if you want to go through the big world of python <3
Nicely explained basic concepts of not only Python, but programming in general. Good course!
Great intro course into python for a non programer.  Material was challenging and enjoyable.
It was really a good experience taking this course. I have learn the basic of Python so far.
this is very helpful to me in understanding python.thank Coursera and University of Michigan
THE point/ course/ python intro, to start with.Simply the best in any way possible.Thx Prof.
Easy to understand for starter!! I love this course that thought me the new world is opened.
A great teacher who has an amazing methodology of teaching with an interesting courselove it
Thank you, Chucks! I know there's still a lot to learn in Python but I have my first step :)
Learning was easy on how the course was outlined, and it was taught with the best professor.
Awesome experience to learn something new and the tutor is so good. Thank you, Charles sir:)
The video lecture is entertaining, love the examples professor Severance gave in the videos.
Dr. Chuck is just amazing! I am excited to learn the course! Thank you, Dr. Chuck Severance!
Great course. It was easy to follow and was able to get it completed without too much worry.
Carefully taught, concise and rudimentarily explained. It is a great course for a beginners.
one of the best professor , who helped me to cultivate more interest on programming subjects
Simple & easy steps. Well curated content. Hope i can code at the end of all these 5 courses
Very clear and approachable instruction with good exercises to get some hands-on experience.
Very informative course, eager to enroll and study the rest of the parts of the same course.
Cool lectures.. I have learned about Python. I even know how to use 'for' command. Thank you
Dr. Chuck is now my favorite instructor ever! I learned a lot and had an amazing experience!
Very good basic course to understand the foundations of Python. Looking forward to the next!
best for beginners and a easy move guide to python for someone who already knows how tp code
Great intro to the language, enjoyed that he encouraged using the Command Line for some good
This course is really amazing. Dr.Chuck really made it fun to learn python with this course.
oraganised very well in order and we can get different thinking aspects towards whole coding
The instructor is wise at introducing many different aspects of the language at a good pace.
It is an amazing course especially for people who don't have any knowledge about programming
Clear explanation and rather helpful. I got to know basis of python through this course well
I really like the professor. He has a good sense of humor and explains the material clearly.
Very excellent course for person with only a little knowledge and experience in programming!
Very well explained. I appreciate the instructors knowledge, enthusiasm, and sense of humor.
I had no prior experience and thought this was a steady pace to learn with my heavy workload
Very clear instruction! A lot of interesting way to help you understand different functions.
this is real good course for beginners to gain deep knowledge on basics of the python course
I really enjoyed this course.  Thought I wouldn't every say that about a programming course!
Being my first experience with programming, and I have found the course very useful and fun.
Please make the course specialization affordable. $49/month is very expensive for a student.
Fun Professor, great course for someone learning programming or learning python from scratch
Great course! The instructor made it very clear and instructing. Definitely would recommend!
This is a great course for beginners in programming.I strongly recommend taking this course.
Loved how Professor Severance explained everything in layman's terms! So easy to understand.
Wonderful Explanation of the course. Also, the presentation are Excellent. You Gonna Love it
Great course, can go at your own pace if you want because there is a textbook to go with it.
It was so excellent! Give Professor Severence a raise for this awesome course he has created
Very well structured and detailed course. Excellent for net programmers. Highly recommended.
Really good and organised course! And the assignments are so good and helpful to understand!
Excellent course. Highly recommended course to understand the basics of how computers works.
Dr. Chuck keeps the classes interesting. Highly recommended if you are interested in Python!
Helps get you started in Python programming and motivates you to practice writing code more.
Wow Chuck!! Really good job and it was really nice to learn in this way. Now up to course 2!
Very interesting and useful course. Thumbs up for the instructor who is very jolly and free.
It's an excellent course/specialization for a programming starter form Dr. Chuck.Really thx.
slow if you have been exposed to programming before but well thought out engageable lectures
interesting and good program to build a good foundation for those who are new to programming
Thank you very much Sir for all your efforts in making this course as simple as possible. :)
ts great learning experience and effort of faculty is recommended..so pupil has to work hard
Great Intro to programming.  I had no experience at all and learnt loads!!  Thanks very much
a good entry level to Python and gives sound instruction in the fundamentals of programming.
I loved every moment of this course. Thank you so much for this opportunity of self-growth!
Thank you so much, I learned a lot and now I am better at my classes with python at college
Thank you for your expressions. I have started Python with this course and I liked so much.
Excelent course for every beginner and even experienced programmers to reinforce knowledge.
Thanks professor Charles it's kind of like opening a door for me to the programming world !
Really an awesome instructor. First time in my life I am thinking that programming is easy.
My Big support is corsera .By this course i had a confident of learning python programming.
Approachable and easily comprehensible.  Definitely a must take for any budding programmer.
Very well structured, I learned a lot and the teacher explains incredibly well the subject.
Really liked the course. Taught me basics and built on it. Highly recommended for beginners
This is an excellent course, congrats for the master who is very clear in your explication.
This course is for beginners. Tutor is very good and i have learnt a lot from this  course.
this platform helps me a lot to know about basic fundamentals of python. thanks a lot !!!!!
very interesting...very useful for beginners.......,lots of fun in learning pythonThanks !!
Really helped me to cover all the basics in such a nice way.This course was really helpful.
Best course if you want to start programming. Russel Severance is one of the best teachers.
Excellent and a detailed course from a beginner to those who want to solidify the concepts.
this course is very well taught, elaborate, and easy to understand. and a cool professor :)
Thanks for the wonderful course.It was fun learning.Hope I ll get many courses frm Coursera
Prof. Chuck has made it so easy for me to learn Python. It's like a dream come true for me.
Excellent course, excellent teacher. It gives you the necessary tools to start programming.
The best course for people wanting to learn the basics and advance aspects of python coding
It was really good for me. Special thanks to Professor Charles Severance and Coursera team.
Excellent professor and course structure!!!! Keep it up. Looking forward to the second part
thank you so much !!! I have learned a lot and really enjoyed your course !!HAPPY CODING!!!
it is nice to start from the beginning. and this course is very much helpful for beginners.
the course is very good and the way that the sir thaught make this course  very interesting
Amazing and awesome at the same time. Beginning course 2 of this specialization immediately
The video always loading since i am in China. Is it possible to set a server here in China?
I learnt very much and get to know so much.Even I improved my speaking and listening skills
The best content for beginners in Python. Much easily and nicely explained basics of python
I like the way Instructor explained the things. The assignments are also very well crafted!
Very well explained by the instructor and a good way to learn basics of python programming.
its very amazing to start with python and the course is really interesting and informative.
This is my first online course in Coursera and it was fun to do and I like to continue more
the course is excellent and helped a lot in learning the python  programming concepts a lot
excellent teacher - patient and great at explaining topics to beginners. Highly recommended
Very helpful for those who are just starting with programming and python is a great choice.
The content of the course was great. I wish only there were only more exercises do practice
The course is very interesting, and each assignment is very useful for learning and review.
I was exposed to the fundamentals of pythion 3.0 in a way that makes it easy to comprehend.
Very to practice, lots of resources. I Enjoyed what would have been a tough subject. Thanks
It was just awsome course. i am very happy . and I wish i will be dobe all course from here
Great! Easy to understand, easy to absorb, no need for special degree to learn this course.
Great course! The teacher is amazing, explains well and teaches the right way. Good job! :)
quiet interesting....my first course in course era .....really enjoyed the way teaching,,,,
A great and well organized course for beginner.nice way of teaching Dr Charles R. Severance
very well explained . This is your course to start from the scratch at language programing.
It's really easy to follow. Charles explains it in a really fun and easy way to understand.
It's a great course! Love professor Charles Russell Severance, he made everything so clear.
it was very fun and i will continue studying on the rest of the course, thank you Coursera!
Loved the course, but a little disappointed that the instructor just rushes things forward.
That was a great class Thank you Dr. Charles Severance for explaining the concepts of Pytho
Thank you for putting this class together.   Very well explained, easy to measure progress.
