Instructor, Dr. Chuck, is terrific.  However, assignments are incredibly difficult.  You are supposed to spend no matter than a few hours a week on the course.  I spent over 100 hours alone on the assignments.  The mentors that are supposed to help you did not help at all.  Very poorly put together second module that does not prepare you to complete the assignments
The introduction is nice, but the problem is the homework design. If homework doesn't cover too much of what people learnt in class, it is easy to forget materials in class.
No teaching. Just a guy talking. Do the problem sets for 
practice. If you need help, pause the videos and try the code out 
yourself. Seriously though, a programming course where the teacher is not actively type out the code but just scribbling around it. He doesn't work through code but talks around the concepts.
Again all the unnecessary talking!!! He talks a lotttttttttttttttttttt!!! Why so much of unnecessary talking? Why can't he just get to point straight away and making the video soooooooo long!!! Hate it!
too
Excellent teaching, but it's not actually free. You must pay in order to access the assignments and the professor's in-browser python sandbox.
Way too easy assignments. Only good for people who never did any kind of programming. For the rest it's not worth the money.
Very boring old fashion academic course, i wouldn't pass it if i wasn't heavily relying on another courses
Totally not worth having the certificates.
Easy assignments.Good for people who never programmed before.
Terrible support on this course. I had to drop because of the horrible assignments. Not recommended.
Poor. Even courses taught in computer science in developing countries are better than this.
WHY ASSIGNMENT (WEEK-2 OPENING TOOL) DOESN'T END??FOR THAT, I CAN'T FINISH THIS COURSE
It does not touch Hash table or Stack. Just the common data type in python.
I have to complete the same assignments as the previous course.
The editor was pretty terrible 0/10 would not recommend
More fluff than actually learning.
Not very informative of engaging.
Got charged without free trial.
Time & money wasting. Rubish
make the other ones free
Too basic for programers
It has too many bugs.
Teacher is not good
Bored me to death!
This course is too much about text and have a lot of  data structures, which I found to be non useful for majority of users.
The course is really trivial. Maybe I was expecting so much, but the material is really to  simple. Also there are a lot of material which lector things is fun and cool, but it is really anoying.  Please, try to focus more on programming instead of being cool and fun.  Thanks for understanding.
bonous videos are not good
Unlike the very first course for beginners, there is a little bit more content here, so I put 2 stars. However, I still found the pace was too slow, with too much distraction ("funny" videos, teacher drinking and making mistakes, hummm !!!). It is OK to be relaxed as long as the course delivers content in proportion to what has been paid ! I strongly believe this specialisation cycle should actually take one or maximum two courses, not 5 (with the capstone). I am planning to move forward with Python, and to keep reading the booklet which is good (I like the introduction about the HTTP, XML, JSON and SQL databases) but sorry Dr Chuck I will not complete this specialisation, it is overpriced for what it is !!
As an experienced programmer, I am unimpressed.  The assignments cover a good set of tools; file i/o, lists, dictionaries, et cetera.  I would introduce classes before getting into data structures; this would emphasize the critical elements of modularity and reusability.  Also, variables and files are poorly named.  Comments are lacking.  Overall, the presentation looks rushed and unpolished.  Code looks like it was hobbled together until it worked and never edited for clarity.  If someone I cared about wanted examples of good programming, I would tell them to avoid this.
Could have been much as better as compared to the earlier course(Getting started with Python)Charles Severance is a great teacher with immense energy That's why I expected more from this 2nd course.But it's okayI might revise the course concepts by myselfThank You
The course is good but the website is not working properly most of the times.Video is not at all loading and it is showing error.if this situation continues then the course will not be utilized by the students.please solve this issue and make videos available.
I like the lecture but I have a concern about the platform, which doesn't allow to debug. The indentation issue happened multiple times that you would have to move all the lines to the left or return to the last line to start over.
The course is an introduction to the absolute basics of python. Programming assignments are not very challenging and the course could benefit by adding more content and challenging tasks for those who wish to challenge themselves.
I don't know why some of my assignments are locked and i'm getting this message "This item will be unlocked when the session begins. "I am requesting staff members, please try to unlock these assignments.
Although whatever I learnt was important, I think it could have been bundled up with the first course, since it doesn't take that much time to complete or understand them.
too short, too much irrelevant information (like the videos about professor travelling and ordering a taco in Mexico). I do not recommend this course.
a bit boring and doesnt relate to anything i do at work yet. but some others may find it usefull i guess
Some of the concepts were really taught hard, can be explained in an elaborative way.
the topics should be explained more in details with some complex real-time examples
you have not explained the full details but asked the questions out of the course
this course should be renamed to "python basic data types"
The pre-written code in the assignments is not so good.
Dr. Chuck is amazing. Im to dumb to code
Course moved a little too slowly
an easy one
Assignments are harder than the examples in the lecture. The TA doesn't help much. The TA is wasting my time and driving me crazy.Whenever I ask a question, the TA answers like: why did you put blabla into blabla? But this still makes me confusing, he didn't answer why this is wrong, and what to do to fix it.
I really love the way Dr Chuck is teaching. It is incredibly clear and you never get bored even if each lecture is over 20 minutes long. After each lecture you do feel like you've become an expert in that topic.However, the course is very diluted.... Only 4-5 lectures over 7 weeks is too little content, especially if you are to pay the $79 required for certification. Each week contains a lot of videos that, although being interesting, are not directly relevant to the course. I finished the whole thing in 2 days ^^
Not enough exercise unfortunately + no correction of the assignments!I think as well that the video format is not always great, it makes it difficult to find specific content in a course
Way too expensive for its contents
The book really gave more details about the individual chapters. Hence it was easy to do the assignments and quizzes without watching the videos.I recommend that specializations should follow this trend, so students who find it difficult to access Internet can use the book as a guide.More examples are needed to understand the concepts especially Tuples and DIctionary
Teaching staff was not helpful & then rude. I asked for help & could not get. When I get help for free from colleagues, my assignment was turned down because it did not meet what was taught. It was a single line to remove duplicates. Yet, I could program this whole thin in Alteryx faster & cleaner than this course.
This one was challenging. This was my first programing class and it forced me out of my comfort zone. I do feel like it all came together and I can semi competently write short scripts now. Allot of the exercises were a real push, we used code we were taught but in different ways. It forced me to understand the code more than if I just copied it. I do wish there were more exercises so I can get more practice in a situation that I can check my answers.I think it would be very useful to provide a key terms sheet. Even if we don't understand all the terms in context its useful to know what words we should be paying attention to. Sometimes I found the teacher saying item this and item that. I'm still not sure if I should call variables; items, variables, or something else. I am convinced we did not have enough information to solve the week 4 problem (8.4). I had to go way outside the course and find information that I hadn't been taught in order to solve it. Additionally the teacher talks really fast which makes it very hard to follow along with especially while I'm trying to write down the code.
Wish there were more opportunities for creative and critical thinking. I was tolerant of the first course's hand holding nature but was disappointed to see that the same teaching style followed into the second course. The assignments don't require much thought to complete, its basically  the same problem that was solved in the video lectures. As a result, you can away with a lot of copy / paste code provided from the video lectures. To me this proves that the assignment problems were TOO similar to the problems / solutions discussed in the video lectures. Would have loved to see more challenging problems. Because in my opinion, challenging problems and finding ways to solve them are the essence of computer programming. Although, I can't give the course too bad a review. I very much affirm the mission the professor embarks. I can't entirely dislike a course that introduces people to the world of computer programming, a very worthwhile cause to dedicate yourself too.
This is my second course of Python in this sequence.   I'm trying to 
follow the sequence they give.  I liked it.  I still believe there could
 be some more rigor in the program.  As in, many of these weeks only 
have one program due.  And, if you have a decent idea of programming, 
paid attention, etc., the programs really aren't that difficult.  I 
believe 1-2 more programs each week would increase the rigor of the 
course and, thus, provide us with more work, allowing us to build more 
confidence, with our Python computer skills.

I do like the videos a lot.  They connect very well with the problems.  I
 like the quizzes at the end of the chapters, also.  I enjoy the "extra"
 videos at the end of each chapter, but they really aren't needed.

I feel just the rigor of the course needs to improve.  But, would I take a course formatted like this again?  Yes, definitely.
After also learning R from a non-Coursera MOOC, I find this Coursera course clunky and distractingly esoteric. Coursera occasionally crashes when attempting to parse or record the Python code that I've written, when that code runs fine on a regular IDE. This course in particular also includes lots of optional content that is either unnecessary (The Best Taco in the World video, for example) or for which it is unclear how to apply to Python (An interview with the inventor of JQuery, for example). Additionally, the instructor often assigns variable names that don't explain what the variable represents, which makes the videos a bit harder to follow than necessary. Despite all of this, I have learned a lot from this course.
The instructor was GREAT GREAT. This course gives me the idea how I can use Python in real life. The assignments are more challenging than the Getting started with Python Course which is good for the learner. But the teaching staff ruined my experience here so I deducted 2 stars out. For those of you considering to take this course, do it but keep in mind that some rude replies from teaching staff may happen here.
Loved data structures concept and the way professor explained. But i feel the exercise needs to be more challenging. Just 1 assignment for each topic is not enough and they are very light. Only one tuple exercise where we don't do much with it. Also the grader questions are very easy should be more challenging. I have no prior knowledge of python i was able to breeze through.
Hello,The course has been designed in a way which can help a person who doesn't even know Programming. I do appreciate that!But, just one question that I have is, why the deadlines for the Assignments are designed in such a way that Week1 of Introduction Course, and the Advanced (Object Oriented Programming) have the same deadline?
could have been better ,the previous course ,getting started with python was good but this was not up to the mark,the instructor left many things in topic of lists,tuples,files and dictionaries. students are left with little knowledge and they can not apply that on their own to write their programs
This course might be ideal if you never heard about programming. Otherwise the lecturer speaks to much over every single point and does not progress in the topics. The python programming tool is really a mass and uses very old pyhon syntax. This should be updated!
Please make the exercises a bit more challenging as the programmes were way too easy and could be solved very quickly without much challenge.Overall its very good and a perfect chance for new learners to learn programming .Overall it was quite a good experience.
but in these courses there is no pre-knowledge given about keywords like in,not in,is,reverse etc.So they are not in order and its frustrating sometimes ,so it will be great if you can add some study material about it in course itself,it will help
it was a great course but not all topics are covered of data structures it is just the overview of data structure the instructor should add more topics to make it more relevant for the students to cover the all parts of data structures .
I believe the course material is not adequate for solving coding assignment and there should be done more improvements in the code editor as same code works on VisualStudio code but it shows indentation error in python playground.
Data structure is the second course in Python specialization. This module covers only list, dictionary, and tuple. Instructor was very helpful but the course is meant to be very fundamental and beginner-friendly.
A good course for starters. But for those who want to lay a solid foundation for python like me with this course, the material taught in each lecture is far from enough, and should be more arranged.
Nice job ! However some of the important points have been skipped and focus has been limited at times.The best part of the course were the lab assignments.Hope quizzes were better in standard.
Fair course. Severance is a good lecturer but necessary to read all notes and the book chapter in addition to the lecture in order to understand the principles. Learned a lot from the course.
It may be the purpose of the course or the specialization, but I've been finding it too easy. I wish it could be more challenging and that it could offer me more opportunities do practice.
Honestly felt like the explanation and examination of data structures was cursory at best.  A more detailed review of this aspect of Python programming is probably more appropriate.
The coding assignments seems too simple and largely out-of-date, some python3 syntax are not supported, like "in" and standard solutions are somewhat low-efficient and rigid.
Actually some time i lose my motivation ... i don't know why, i think the professor doesn't meet my interest of learning.  By the way the way of how he teach is good.
Probably good for anyone coming from a non-programmer background.If you're a programmer, can learn everything in a few hours just by looking at any Python tutorial.
Bonus material is very annoying. Can you please give external links to these so that we dont HAVE TO watch it in order to get 100% completion? Please?
expected more detailed topics. such as more usages of functions and more exercises.However, I like the way he explains. it was fun to do this course
i need more examples and method explanations, apart from that, this course is excellent. i recommended to everyone to learn  and improve your skills
I was expecting this course to delve more in depth in data structure and data mining techniques.... It seemed too short to be worth 7 weeks.
Assignments are very easy, and there aren't easy to follow notes that one can use instead of always having to watch the videos.
Not enough exercises. Better have at least 10 programming exercises for each week. More difficult material = more exercises.
The more solving example should be provided for a better understanding. Nevertheless, it was a good course for beginners.
This Python data Structure Course was helpful in providing the basic elegantly But this course could introducing Trees
Information given is quite basic. Moreover would be better to have some optional exercise of higher difficulty level.
concepts are explained clearly with examples but there are some topics which are left that are given in the book .
Its good course if you're a fast learner and there are many key points covered in this course which are useful
some topic in data structures suchas set has been left and it will be effective if more assignments are given
Simple and good but not including regular expressions as part of data structure course  was bit too harsh.
Somewhat dissapointed that only the built in Datastructures were discussed and done so with too much time.
simple and easy for Python beginners, the instructor also has a textbook that could be good instruction.
It's better than the first course of the series, but there is room for some more difficult assignments.
well, it's the previous part of the Python for everyone.  Why did Coursera split it to another course?
The assignments are very hard for beginners. The assignments should in stages from easy to hard.
the probmlems and graded assignments were tougher as compared to the the ones taught in class
This course lacked content and is not at all worth paying for the certificate for this one.
doctor didn't mention some features of some built in function like range(start:end:step)
Assignment  little bit difficult as compare to content.otherwise everything is good
Exercises are too few and easy. I don't feel like I've really mastered the content.
Interesting, but the assignments were a bit dull. Learned a bit more about python.
Not exactly what I was looking for. More rigorous coding questions are warranted
I was unable to communicate well with the mentors and it really slowed me down.
Not enough repetition in the way of homework.  Expected a more rigorous course.
I appreciate it, but I've experienced better ways of teaching programming
Need bit tough assignments. Please increase the standard of assignments.
Content Wise it is very short Course but teaching skill was interesting
Not a challenge course. Not better than learn python the hard way.
not as good as part one but certainly intersting due to dr chuck
The assignments were easy at the beginning but hard at the end.
It's a good course to learn about data structures for beginers.
Too easy, to much given for free, no need to think for myself.
Classes still pretty good, but there is not enough exercises.
Course is with fast pace with very few exercises and examples
Nice course but be aware that this is at a very basic level!
a little bit easy, I guess this course is for the beginners.
Classes Should be More Detailed with problems and resources
good explanation of list and dictionaryexercises are good
to simple, not sure enough practice to be good at python
MAke this a bit fast paced but one of the best courses
It is a good course for beginners in Python language.
More topics should be covered......Otherwise best!!!
I think the course should include a little project.
Access to assignments and grades should be given.
Good to build python basic data the concept clear
Decent course. Could be put together a lot nicer.
nice course to learn data structures.thank you
good course, a little difficult assignments.
Too easy for someone who knows to programme.
Need Advance Level Questions for Assignment
It misses a lot of examples and excercices
Very basic and does not cover too in-depth
it wasn't that great course as i expected.
lecture is great, but I need more homework
not as I was expected but not so bad also
Content not presented in a logical order.
This time explanation wasn,t that simple
The content of knowledge is a bit small.
I expected more challenging questions...
easy way to teach python data structure
Prefer to have more hands-on exercises.
need more knowledge to understand this
is there any chinese subtitle version?
not enough theoretical explanation
Little bit slow and meandering.
More content can be put in.
Good learning experience..
Needs to cover a bit more
IT WAS QUITE CHALLENGING
videos Are too lengthy.
this course was OKAY!
It's very useful
very challenging
a little hard
was hard
I took the course as my foundation in python programming. It helped me 
learn some oops concepts as well as data structures. The bonus material 
is a plus for unmasking about why developers developed a particular 
thing. The course is somewhat basic and easy to understand. Thanks to 
Professor Chuck for making it understandable and a wonderful experience 
for students. The fact which i didn't like about this course is it is 
too basic and not much practically viable for students but it good for 
making fundamentals in python.
Pros:Dr Chuck is an incredible person, he tries to ease you through the language learning by being the opposite of casual. The themes don't focus on math or been too deep, but rather be "functional". There are tutors to help you, and that makes this course extremely important although I didnt use them once in this second course. I was able to figure it out just by trying it out as he always said. Most courses have poor material for you to follow, this is not the case, even though dr Chuck made a brand new book for the entire series and thats very useful. No more note taking, instead try all he explains on your own and see how it works and get used to typing them.Cons:In everything there is always improvement, and sadly the course cannot elude that. Although I love the lectures, its too much. Once you finish them, you dont remember well how to write anything in order to solve the problem. And thats why I was saying the Pros, that one has to type in all he says in order to get used to writing code and seeing how it works. After 30 or so min of lectures, even 17 min, you find yourself that you are not prepared to solve the assignments because you think you have a memory issue. The fact is that, the ONLY improvement is to make more mini quizzes between concepts, and very short assignments and then the usual 2 homeworks to pass each week. That would be just perfect.
Great course! I started learning Python for the first time, and It is also basically my first programming language experience. The videos, explanations and examples are very good, well structured and easy to understand. However I miss more practical exercises and more worked videos with the solutions specially after the week 5 when the subject gets a bit more complicated. Perhaps the solutions should be locked/unlocked after students submit their solutions ?! I don't know if that is possible but that would be great, specially for students who wants to continue with this specialization. Also for the record, I am a mom of a 5 year old that is only part time in the kindergarten, and I was able to successfully complete the course. I hope that can be used as a motivation for all students out there, independent of your age or your background, you can learn how to program! :D
This course challenged me to learn to apply my Python skills in new ways beyond simply reperforming the work done in the lectures. This is critical to making the knowledge imparted in the lectures your own. The material was very engaging, easily digestible, and easy to navigate in partnership with the free ebook. My only criticism is that I think the assignments given could have stretched me a little more - or maybe, it would have been cool to have some optional assignments wherein you apply knowledge just learned with a novel twist requiring you to utilize knowledge from prior lectures in unexpected ways. I fear that even by completing the assignments I may still not have great retention and understanding in truly flexible ways, but I know that's on me to continue my learning and thereby reinforcing the concepts imparted by this class.
Great introductory course. I have some experience in programming (not a professional programmer though) and finished this course during one working day, but found it really useful for those who wants to learn programming from the scratch or wants to move to Python from another language.It would be really great to include more assignments, and may be make them more difficult (for example in algorithm series every assignment took at least one hour to complete and some took 20-25 hours to get the full score). End here i spent about 10 minutes for the most difficult exercise. Hope to finish a whole specialization in a week or two and dig deeper to a data science.The thing that I miss much in this course is a peer assessment, add it and the course usefulness will raise over the moonThanks!
I really enjoyed the course and I'm planning to finish all the other courses. Dr. Chuck is awesome I liked how he explained the materials, especially that I have no background in Python. I entered this course because I was curious about programming and I want to learn a new skill. However, I need to mention that I struggled to finish the assignments I wish if they were explained more in detail. Even though there were videos that explain some of the assignments I still struggled to finish the assignments it was a bit confusing. Dr. Chuck does advise us to take another intro course in Python if we still don't understand the coding. On the other hand, I did really well on the quizzes. I hop with taking more courses I will become more comfortable using Python.
Dr. Chuck's explanations are clear and all the lessons are easy to follow: focus on relevant web technologies, perfect pace, examples based on popular APIs. As someone with some basic knowledge in programming already I was expecting the assignments to be more challenging. As clearly announced on the website this course is targeted at beginners who took the previous courses from the same teacher: all exercises can be solved in about 10-15 lines of code and the solutions can be directly applied from the videos without much further thinking. The rest of you will, like me, breeze through it in no time. Kudos for the interesting interview videos proposed as bonus material!
Again like in Getting Started with Python course, I wish there was a way for us to get explanations for quiz questions after we complete a quiz, so we can fully understand them.  I wish we could have something similar for when we complete the coding assignments, the worked exercises are helpful, but it would be helpful after we complete an assignment to have a code to compare ours to, to see the differences and to make sure we understand exactly what Dr. Chuck was getting at.  There were several assignments that I completed, but not in the correct way, so the next weeks assignment was more difficult than it should have been.
The first course was really well explained. This was good too, but it was fast paced for a beginner. The course description clearly states that even people with no programming background should be able to complete this easily. I felt that the dictionaries and the tuples part of this course was explained too quickly. Depended on google for more detailed explanation to understand those concepts. I hope you do take this into consideration, since the difficulty level for this course is given as "easy" in the description.
It was great learning about data structures like Lists and dictionaries. The content of this course in comparison to the previous one was much more difficult and hard to understand and thus more challenging. I order to do the tough assignments I also had to go through more basic stuff of this programming language which eventually helped me polish my knowledge of the syntax and semantics of Python programming language. Yes, I did finish the course, but still, I require a lot of practice to get fluent with the steps.
I am just finishing this second course (Data structures) in the python for everybody specialization. It is really interesting knowing this data structures used in python, the exercises teach you the utility of those special data structures, the way of teaching of Dr. Chuck helps you to better understand and to digest the subjects. I found this second part still requiring low effort level, I hope the difficulty increase in next courses. (I hope I am no regretting  of saying that during my coming homework)
This is an excellent course! I learnt a lot from this course. Just a bit of advice: lots of materials are irrelevant (office hours etc. - even Dr. Chuck on motocross!). I know it's meant for fun, but a bit too much. When you see that you're supposed to get 46 mins of videos, you wouldn't expect to actually get 17 minutes and the rest are stuffs nothing to do with competence build-up. But still, the lectures are interesting and definitely there are lots of takeaways from this course. Thank you!
I am sincerely grateful to Dr. Chuks and Coursera for this opportunity. I have always been interested in mastering python and I am happy that I have completed 2 of many courses to earn a specialization degree. The highlight of this course is delivery and humor that was used in preparing and delivering the classes. Dr. Chuks ensured he explained the tit bits before diving into the deep aspect. The course is just too awesome. Kudos to Dr. Chuks and UMichigan. Hope to join Michigan soonest.
Good course. Better than the first course. In the first course, the course was fully focused at beginners but this course is fully focused on people with prior coding experience. So i recommend to make the courses balanced. Easy to learn for people with experience in programming but beginners will find the assignments to be very tough. Good instructor but talks unnecessary things than the topic too much. Other than that the course was perfect for people with experience in coding.
Very good course. The last week's lesson on Tuples seemed pretty straightforward, but the last assignment seemed to require "stretching" a bit beyond the material outlined in the videos. I eventually got the answer, but felt a little bewildered and surprised at first as all previous weeks had lecture material and reading that made it rather easy to complete the assignments! I suspect subsequent courses in this specialization will be harder! Overall, this was a great course though
Awesome course, maybe I'm not giving myself enough time to digest one topic before jumping to another as I needed to refer past topic often, open sourced pdf version of book helped a lot.I wanted to know if it is possible to generated dictionary from two seperate list, and it is possible! I was able to zip two list to form a list of tuple and then used dict() method to form a dict... Might not be important but I felt the course will come a full roung when these are covered.
Thank you for the interesting course!One thing that this course lacks, in my opinion, is the division of the lecture material in smaller parts. It is easier to proceed, when the videos are about 7-10 minutes long, than 20-30. You can always stop in between those parts without the need to remember the last minute of the video you watched and also to feel closure, since the part has been checked as completed.Thanks again! I wish your course improves and stays successful!
The course is excellent. The platform has some aspects not so good - some parts still don't show up as 'done', so the progress line is always wrong. Also, the platform is not structured for a course consisting of a number of courses in series, leaving the dates etc wrong. Chapter 1 and 2 should ideally show up as completed, as theey are repeated in every module (which is fine, but the platform should take care of those members who have done these in a previous module?
No doubt that this is a very helpful course for a beginner to learn Python. I would love to solve more assignments. Even if all the assignments are not graded, its fine but just for sake of practice let students like me solve more of them.Dr. Chuck explains all the topics very nicely. I would request him to go a little deep in topics. By way of example, it would have been great if he taught us the mechanism in which data is stored in Dectionaries (Hashing).
Chuck as usual has been great and would suggest that the examples being covered should provide a full blown syntax where complexity is being covered like dictionaries, tuples should have few slides on how to create, insert, retrieve, delete, sort, parse, etc - though some are covered but syntax has to be learnt by the students. With the above slight change it will be useful I believe for future students. Thank you Chuck you really have the knack to teach
Really enjoyed this class. Dr Chuck is an amazing instructor and his textbook is very good for the novice programmer. I felt like this class could have used a few more examples now that we're getting into more complex exercises and concepts. For example, I really struggled on the final assignment though I used the textbook and worked exercises extensively. Nevertheless I think the Coursera format is great and I will continue to take more Python classes.
I really wanted to like this course but unfortunately it lacks something essential. Programming is not something you know, it is something you do, like hitting a forehand in tennis. As such it needs much repetition and practice which is something the course does not provide. I completed all the assignments and quizzes with 100% score and yet I still have very little confidence in myself with this area of python. Please add many practice exercises.
After completion of this course you will be familiar wit the pyhthon data structures,like (list,string,dictionary).i am not telling that you will master python for all time but ya you will come across half of the way.the course instructor is very good and the video content is quite good but if you want to get some extra stuff you can go for book provided although my openion is you should go for extra problems other than the material provided.
The Professor is excellent and very student-friendly, and the course material is very clear.Two issues though:1) List comprehensions should be introduced. They are extremely powerful and should really be introduced at this stage.2) Charging $79 for this course seems like poor value for money, specially for a student like me. It doesn't go into great detail and the price point for what is a 5-6 hour course with simple exercises seems too high.
This course felt much more structured than the first course in the specialization (which is only appropriate given the course title). Dr Chuck is as personable as ever but the slightly longer lectures allow a bit more development. The only slight area for improvement might be in having some more challenging assignments--if you follow the lectures carefully and work though the examples that are shown the assignments are fairly straightforward.
Great course. Free material available on website PY4E. But a lot of deatils are missing in the video lectures but are present in Dr. Chuck's Online HTML Book. A lot of details along with great examples are the reason why this course excels at delivering its contents successfully. But, since its a beginners course, minute details regarding certain concepts was skipped out. Nonetheless, it was great course and I highly recommend it too.
The course was pretty good and the professor was really cool.Now speaking in details this course will give a very basic idea about python . So as mentioned by the professor "This is just the beginning...". And since i already had some knowledge about other programming languages it was pretty easy for me. Would love to learn more about python.Thank you sir, for making such a wonderful course on python.Love from India,Kolkata.
It was excellent and I like the way Charles Severance. As mentioned, this course will set the expectations and its not same as previous course as this course sets the bar to the next level. So 100% concentration is required. I like the way the course is designed and professor has spent time/critical information on what is required for this course. I bet you would continue to take up other course on the same track.
This continues Dr. Chuck's easing into Python. It's a great course for beginners but you should definitely augment the class with reading the book rather than just keeping it as a resource. The existence of the book is noted in the videos but it isn't really stressed, which is unfortunate as it's helpful. About the only thing I'd appreciate would be more exercises to develop mastery rather than just familiarity.
Often on Quora, I'm answering questions like https://www.quora.com/Which-programming-language-to-start-with-for-a-beginner/answer/Ron-Barak-1. I've upgraded my answer to point to this course. - as a good introductory course for Python beginners.I rated the course only 4/5, as I'd like to have (maybe optional)  quizzes/assignments which are a bit more demanding, so that even a non-beginner would feel challenged.
This course, in my opinion, has two steps towards perfection:1. the quiz questions need to have a description for the wrong answers and tell the reason why you are wrong. 2. There needs to be a step-by-step assignment for each week. It just jumps to the challenging one and puts the learner in some challenges that are not fair. I believe there need to be 2 warm-up assignments before each major one.
This was a great course, and Dr. Chuck's dedication to teaching Python is amazing. I went through the "Programming for Everybody (Python)" course and as stated in the description, this course is equivalent to the second half of the first course.  I missed that detail and would have otherwise just skipped right to the third course (Using Python to Access Web Data." Otherwise, it's a great course.
Python Data Structures is a good course and well thought out.  There are plenty of resources to help the student, my only recommendation would be that the assignments moreso force the students to use the relevant concepts rather than allowing work arounds.  I occasionally felt the homework could have been structured to more step by step steer me to use concepts from the most recent lesson.
Dr Chuck explains it very well, but sometimes the graded assignments get a bit difficult. If in the lectures, he would be able to write a program- line by line from scratch just after he has introduced the concept (and before the assignment) it would be really helpful.Overall, the course was really good and I can see that it's going to help me a lot in the future. Looking forward to more
This is a very good introduction to the ways Python can access and process data. Like its predecessor, Intro to Python, some of the methods taught will be superseded by more powerful processes later in the specialization, but these concepts are essential to understanding what's happening "under the hood". The instructor is friendly, accessible, and knowledgeable.This series is very good.
The Programming Assignments are too short and very straight forward (answers have kind of already been discussed in the lectures). So this doesn't give the chance to think something new..... Other than that, I found the course very well compiled along with the coolest instructor ever (who is one of the best I have ever seen)...... Thank you very much.... I enjoyed learning python !!
Pretty good course, it covers a good amount of knowledge base in terms of List, Dictionaries and Tuples. I would appreciate if you can include new videos, new features and variety of examples that can cover both basis and in depth concepts of the subject. Thanks again, Dr, Chuck. By the way, you are great mentor as well, please keep doing this to make this world a better community.
Great hands on problems solving. Requires that you put elements together from the lesson to complete each exercise variations. Not a thorough course but gives a very good working knowledge. This is great in combination with another course that catalogs all the features of Python. This course limits you to focus on what the end goal of the projects and exercises demand.
4/5, great class but I have to say that in the lectures, the professor claims that we should have absolutely mastery over every concept we learn for each successive course, however the class is structured in such a way as to rush us through every new concept instead of lingering to master it. This is a great intro class but it will take more to master the concepts.
Yeah I completed this course after Python For Everybody. Its very useful who really keen to learn Python. People can complete quickly those who has some knowledge about List, Dictionary, Tuples.Just you have apply some logic and some function which already taught in previous lesson or courses.This course would teach you how to apply the concept on problems.Thanks
this is a reaally good course, you can increase your python playground and knowledge using what you have learnt in Course 1 but you can also deal with more difficult types, functions, probems etc. I think that the most useful aim is to connect new arguments (like new types) with what you have already learnt trying to find a solution for more difficult problems
i rated this course with 4 stars. i did not give it 5 stars because i felt that the course was taught at a higher pace than the the first one. but it is not too fast and it is understandable to me because i already have some knowledge about python prior to this course. even others will not feel much difficulty and i recommend this course even for beginners.
Good overview. The overall set of Python courses starts to take pace here. I found that reading the PDF versions of the lectures and then focusing on the quizzes and assignments was the most efficient way to work through this. Somebody with programming background will find this easy, but it has enough meat to make it a good intro to the language. Well done!
The course is very nice and useful and I get to know about basics of data structure but in my opinion, it is necessary to add some extra points because the assignments which are given was related to the topics but they're in some advanced manner (i.e) we need to code which the instructor didn't explain only two lines. Otherwise, I'll give a 5-star rating
It became difficult to follow near the end despite watching all the videos and student curated notes.  I feel like I need more guidance during the actual assignments.  I do something wrong but am not sure where to reference to fix my code despite using internet resources.  It would be nice if there were "hints" along the way for ways to fix the code.
I enjoyed taking this course very much. The classes were well thought-out and laid a good foundation for understanding Python Data structures. While prior experience is helpful, I think the lectures were clear enough for even someone new to Python to grasp. I would recommend this course to anyone looking to build on the basic knowledge of Python.
Great course if you have prior coding experience then you should be able to complete this in 1-2 weeks although great it does have some issues like it rushes through the lessons quite fast and that results in things becoming confusing and resulting in you having to repeat videos to really understand the lesson otherwise still a great lesson 9/10
so i just started learning python and was pretty much a noob in programming skills but i loved taking the course working with the data sets thinking what more i can do further with a bigger data set . I'm more excited to learn how can i apply advanced mathematical concepts i'm learning at university to data and solve real life problems
Even though the course is on a slightly slower side, it's only to keep you learning at your own pace. Some may find the course to be to fast, some may find the course to be slower than expected, depending on your learning abilities. However, in the end it's what you learn that matters and not the pace at which you learnt those things.
I purchased the book and found the lectures complemented the drier text better.  Was able to easily reference the definitions of terms as well as see more of the materials in a bigger picture. Would like to see more graded exercises added to the requirements - for the basics of Python, think it's fundamental to continue practicing.
Its good, the instructor is awesome. But for the assignments to complete, you 'll have to take help of different sources to understand the basics because the assignments here are quietly advanced than what is being thought. Overall a 4 star. You can go with this course if you have the best of passion & hard work to indulge in it.
Good course, some of the material needs to be fixed, some of the lecture material has slight small errors in it where you will get some tracebacks if you are following along, but overall a very good program for DIY and a lot cheaper than some of the alternatives.  Charles is a great teacher and is very methodical in his approach.
Really a good course for beginners and if you are already familiar with the concepts, it will help you to recollect. One with coding background can complete the course in 2 or 3 weeks. The assignments given are fun as well as challenging. I'll definitely recommend this course for everyone, be it a beginner or an intermediate!
Wished it gave a more in-depth example for the tuples assignment as it felt like I was simply just using my knowledge from the previous 2 chapters and adding only a small portion of code dedicated to tuples. Nonetheless, I still learned about the different data structures available in Python as well as what sets them apart.
The course material and instructor are great. But some of the graders/TAs are not very helpful and often condescending. This is coming from a student who completed the first 2 courses in less than 3 days, so I did not ask many questions. Also, there needs to be office hours, where students can actually ask questions live.
Pretty decent class. Especially for those who is just beginning to learn Python. The only issue I had with this course is the on-line python compiler, which sometimes would erroneously interprets spacing and would randomly throw errors. Retyping and recompiling your code would solve the problem, but this is very annoying.
The lectures were good and to the point. I learned all the basics and the differences between data structures. The quizzes were quite good, with some nice traps set in them. The programming assignments supported the lectures well, though I felt there could've been more of them (perhaps just as ungraded bonus problems).
If you have taken Programming for everybody(Getting Started with Python)course then don't hesitate to take this one as well. Topics covered in this course are very crucial to become a good python programmer. One thing that this course is missing is object-oriented programming but overall I learned a lot of new things.
People with programming experience, start here. It will get you using python syntax and feature without completely boring you with information you already know.One drawback is that the homeworks were too simple. Optional challenge problems should be added into the course to make learning more effective and worthwhile.
Some things are a bit tough (for me personally) since i have ZERO programming background.But if you really dig in and try to absorb all the info that Mr Charles exlplains very clearly (eg for dummies) this course gives a lot.I really fell my brain changing to starting communicating with the computer.Thx guys a lot
The overall course was very good. It includes most of the topics like dictionaries,tuples and lists etc.and the best part of this course is they explained each of these in an interesting and powerful way.Thanks to coursera,I regained my knowledge in python but with better presentation and problem solving skills.
This course is slightly tougher than the previous one. Dr. Chuck explains the concepts really well. The quizzes and programming challenges in this course are tougher than the previous one, but the challenge makes it more fun. Overall great course to understand strings, tuples, lists, and dictionaries in Python.
Overall solid, but it seems like the assignments at the end of the chapter are based around building one block of code with previous chapters elements tied in. While this is great, I wish there was more assignments at the end of the chapter that also solely focused on the new material and understanding it more.
from my perspective I think this is is the cursory and first layer of understanding the python data structure we still need more for deep understanding and practicing

but the best that I can see in that course the way of practicing every single word that your learned which is help you to memorize everything.
Good course.clear the all concept of data structure of python.it is very important to learn data structure because without data structure you cannot complete basic of that language.thanks sir for useful course and resource material. thanks our collage rajarambapu institute of technology for these courses.
The course is great to quickly understand the basic data structures in Python.I gave a 4 Stars because I think that it should have more programming exercises or assignments for each week. Interleaving videos with some practice would be also great.Other than that, its a great course for Python beginners!
The instructor was very lively and interactive throughout the whole course but I personally feel like they were a few important topics that weren't explained in the videos, though they were mentioned in the book. Other than this small drawback, I enjoyed learning the course even if it was online!
I learned how efficient you can solve problems and when to use certain data structures that were a bit confusing to name a few (Dictionaries and tuples) when to use each one is quite confusing I've been using lists for years and didn't know the difference between them. Thank you for this course.
This is a second course in the Python for Everybody Specialization. I really love the manner in which the continuation of the content is maintained. Also, the lectures are detailed with a good explanation of the code snippets. Kudos to Dr. Chuck for keeping all the course content open-sourced.
This course in Python for Everybody showed a different insight of python usage and it was good experience overall. However, i struggled alot in this course since there werent more videos for the lectures and it seemed as if the instructor was rushing the course as compare to the first course.
it was another great experience, and I learned a lot of new things which not only helped me underestand python but also helped me deeply underestand some of the programming concepts in other programming languages.I give four stars because some of the excersise were unneccessarly tricky.thanks
It's fun so and it's easy. I really love the way that Dr.Chuck teach the lessons, especially the magic part , lol. Hence, I highly recommended this course to people who never contact to coding. However, it's too easy to students who have learnt C++ /Java, but still, it's an excellent course.
Good to be updated on the changes that have taken place. Top marks for the instructor. Overall the  is going to be very useful in my day to day job. Really well done; made a dry subject really interesting, and clearly has a passion for traffic management that shone through!

course
Good intro to data structures in Python. I started out with a semester's experience in Java at uni; it was not difficult to keep up. Also, Dr. Severance is a good teacher and explains things well. I recommend this course to beginners and people who have a little programming experience.
Great Instruction Videos, however more practice material would be helpful. Both coding exercise to play with as well as more emphasis on understanding the difference in executing the same functionality using different techniques. Granted, one can always play and tinker on their own.
The course content is very good in general as the instructor is very informative and not boring to listen to. However, it would be better if we can get more practice exercises along with solutions or hints to help us fully understand how to apply what we learned in different cases.
it was a good course, it does need some improvements and I think assignments should be more frequent, instead of one very large problem, assignments should perhaps be broken into 2 or 3 different parts. Also having only 1 exercise doesn't ensure full understanding of a subject.
I enjoyed this course and learned new concepts and methodologies that I currently use on a regular basis in my work to automate repetitive tasks.I would have liked to work towards a bigger project, instead of simple weekly assignments, but still a great course that I recommend.
very interesting course, good explanations even sometimes it seems that go a little bit off track. Probably more practice exercises in the middle of the lecture with the possibility of checking the solutions in an appendix would be benefitial in order to cement the concepts.
A little trickier than the first course and in some cases the explanations weren't as intuitive as in the first course, but overall, this is a great course for Python beginners with no computer science background. I love Dr. Chuck's teaching style; he makes it easy to "get."
it's great .It's awesome to finish another course .This course taught  many more things related to python .i look forward to enroll many more courses and get specialized in this topic .Finishing a course and getting certified adds zest to my confidence to learn new things .
This course of data structures have build-ed up my confidence in coding. and it feels good to gain data structures knowledge from zero upto now. Prof. Dr chuck are too good for the overall couse they taught everything very nicely and fluently. Thank You Coursera for this
4 and a half stars actually, what they teach is pretty much not detailed but how they teach is awesome. You can grasp it all easily and rest of all you can practice using the contents they provide. Truly amazed by the amount of material covered in the span of time : )
Thank you ! Great course, just the right pace (very important)Only (very (very)) small suggestion : stress on the links between list, dictionary and tuple ! How can you get from one to the other, especially with .item() it was by far the most difficult part so far :)
Good course.  Occasionally frustrating trying to learn to do the assignments without all of necessary support but if you are dedicated you will get through and learn the material too.  Course overall is a very manageable pace even if you have no experience like me.
The assignments are too easy in my opinion and don't require some thinking, but just some pure copy/pasting or repeating of already seen examples. I think that's something that could be improved because the content of the class and the lectures are actually great.
this course is good for learning but i think that there must be more questions to practice in this like first question is of easy level second is of medium level and third question is of hard level so that students can learn more deeply and can improve themselves
Well, to be honest i didn't find it that interesting than i found the part 1 of this course. Maybe because i felt it was a bit rushing on the topic and maybe more explanations abt the different exercises that could have been covered. Overall it was pretty good.
This course creates a solid bridge between the basics you learned and the advanced concepts you're going to learn in Python. Even if you have prior python experience, this course will be good refresher of your knowledge on Python. Thanks Dr.Chuck and Coursera.
I have just finished it and the instructor delivered this course so well. The presentation of thoughts are simple and easy to understand. This course is highly recommended. Content is great. Some thing is missing but the instructor illustrated so beautifully.
Excellent course and teaching. Clear and well-explained. It would be better if the course include more real-life exercises or challenges. I'm a beginner and this is only the second Python course I took (the first one is  the course 1 in this specialisation.)
I am thoroughly enjoying the programming for everybody specialization. In two months, I have gone from knowing absolutely nothing about programming (in any language) to being able to write a program that actually does stuff. Who knew it could be this easy?
Great course. Dr. Chuck is amazingly good. The reason behind taking off one star, is less number of exercises/Assignments. If there are 2-3 more assignments at least in the Lists and Dictionaries part it would become and excellent course for beginners.
Instructor is great. 4 star is because I expected to learn more. The first course contains more items to learn. Here I expected to learn about Libraries. The exercises is as simple as the first course. I recommend it to take if you have enough time.
Really great course.  I wish live office hours were available with the TAs, but if you dig into the e-book, all the necessary lessons are there to finish the assignments.  Some of the coding homework is tricky, but very rewarding once complete.
It was an awesome course with a lot of new concepts to learn. I feel, the chapters on Lists, Dictionaries and Tuples should have at least 5-6 graded assignments each, to make these concepts more clear through extensive programming assignments.
Course is a great intro to data structures using python. The faculty is great. Content is explained in a good way and class doesn't become boring. I would've given 5 stars if the bar of the quiz is raised a bit. At present its really easy.
The instructor, the videos, the quizzes and the assignments are perfect. Although, maybe due to many enrolled students, the teaching assistants are not very helpful and if you're stuck, maybe you'll have to take help from somewhere else.
Every topic was taught and explained well and the bonus materials were filled with fun and motivation for further learning. If the number of problem questions would be increased then the course will help to brush up the lessons learnt.
I feel very happy to learn this course. already, i know some of the content in the python but this course makes me a better than what i learnt in my college.thanks to coursera team for providing this course and for machigan university.
Kind of easy. Was expecting more in-depth introduction on the underlying mechanisms of each data type, why and when should we choose one data type to use over the other, and more analysis on the efficiency of using specific data types.
I generally like the edutainment approach of the professor. I feel like it could be even better to have more but shorter lecture parts with more programming assignments in between to better internalise what was shown in the video.
Very good course to understand how to read and interpret Python code. As far as allowing you the confidence to write code yourself, you will have to practice a lot on your own for the course does go rather fast through examples.
Ok this is harder than the first course. Then again I am here not just to learn and do well, but for the challenge.The way the learning content, and assessments are present is so much better laid out that what my company does.
The topic covered in Dictionaries and tuples were very good. The concept of "get" method and "List Comprehension" fascinates me to this subject and the instructor explains these concept very efficient manner with apt examples!
The teacher is motivating and keeps the learning funny, the extra video are cool and give you a broad view of how big the IT world is. The assignments are challenging and instructive. As a beginner I really enjoyed the course.
The course is extremely well developed and the content is explained well. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because when it goes the the files unit, I wish professor severance explained a bit more about terminal/command line.
the course is really helpful for the all-over technology geeks.is really helps to launch a new career and have some more advantage than other candidates to get the job thank s for the course and outstanding tutor Mr Charles
The first two courses are pretty basic. If someone really wants a more challenging and thorough learning of python than I would recommend the Rice University courses Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python 1,2.
This is the second course of Python for Everybody specialization. The material of this course is useful,but I think the assignments are kinda of easy. Anyway, I will continue this specialization,cuz Dr.Chuck is so cool!
The video lecture following the assignment is totally unrelated, that could have improved a lot and it seems like the video lectures were shoot in 2013 and since then there is no modification has been made in the course
This was a good course, the lecturer is excellent.My only complaint was that the quizzes and assignments were not challenging enough. There should be some more difficult assignments and problems included in this course.
The format is very nice, but the time it spends of concepts can be a little lopsided and it sometimes moves too fast through material (i.e. it teaches the material well, but barely tests your ability to implement it).
Course is pretty good and goes on in a perfect pace. Only problem I faced was while doing assignments. It little bit too advance than what we study through the lecture. But overall its a really nice course. Loved it.
Tuples topic was done quite swiftly, which made it hard to cope up. Perhaps one more video could have been added for tuples. Overall the curriculum was rushed up in the second course as compared to the first course.
I really enjoyed the course ,the way Mr Chuck sir explained is awesome.I know somewhat about this topics so I could manage and I complete the course fast.Thanks to University of Michigan ,helping a lot for students.
Excellent course - clear explanations, usefull examples.
2 things I think are needed:
More exercise - to help things sink in.
Exercises should include some digging into the python tutorial (e.g. use of more methods)
It's a great course for beginners.who are searching for some basic knowledge in programming. As python is one of the easiest programming languages so it's recommended to go through this course if you are a beginner
Provide me a good intro understanding of python data structures. This course can be designed better if instructor may cover some more data structures like linked lists, binary trees, etc. in Python. Thank you.
at sometimes i felt assignments were a bit simpler but course was faster and his explanation was very good and puts it in a simpler fashion.......thanks to him i got a good command over files and dictionaries
I enjoy how Charles has broken up the Python lectures in to bite sized pieces. It makes learning a lot easier to schedule. I've even taken other Python courses at the same time to taylor my educational needs.
much more difficult than the first part, the autograder did not work a few times for me which caused me to spend much more times that I should have but overall very good course and the teacher explains well
Hmm. Finally I learned a complete python things via coursera, and the instructor Dr. Charles is really cool to teach. I'm really happy now, and I'm do some programming stuffs using python to rock and roll.
Excellent course for the beginner. The course could have been a bit more complex in the problems for dictionaries and lists, but then again that would have made it longer and not suitable for the majority.
I know Python but wanted to refresh and brush up my basics. I have not gone through the video lectures and doing the exercises directly. I found the exercises very well built. Good for learning the basics.
Really great experience on coursera...made us good at data structures...showed their importance being very powerful tool in in puthon..hopefully will do more courses...instructor really deserves applaud..
the course was really amazing and I got to know so many new things about this python and that makes me feel more confident in my class and I am looking forward to learning more and more through Coursera.
Good overview of the different types of data structures.The assignments were fun and the autograder is really cool! Maybe a bit more assignment work just to make sure that everything is fully understood.
The courses are excellent, but I really wish there were more, and more in depth assignments. The amount of assignments does not really allow students to absorb course content without additional practice.
This is such a nice course to learn the very basics of python. Dr. Chuck is really interesting, a good motivator and an interactive mentor. He takes us through the entire course without making us bored.
help to get the basis skills of processing files, but there are feedbacks. For example, it was not possible to use split(':'), that's why I needed to write additional line of code to solve the problem.
i have learned what exact python is  now on this stage i can program in python and i recommend everyone want to study about the python to take this course and experienced and really thanks to Dr. CHUCK
Loved this course as it teaches you to get started with python and Dr.Chuck has made this course very much engaging and interesting. I would suggest to take this course in the order of specialization.
I really liked the course. I just wish it was more practice heavy and the lectures were broken up more and there were quizzes during the lectures to keep you engaged more and make it more interactive.
Very good course. However some data is served in too large chunks so it is hard to remember the stuff from videos without making a notes. I would recommend to write a code along when watching videos.
It could review the use of tuples/lists on variables like the settings variables on Django. Also, it could review more complex operations over the mentioned structures, like the list insert() method.
Very well done course, instructor/instruction was good and the contents (materials, quizzes, assignments) were of good quality.  I recommend if you are beginning your journey into Python, as I am.
Very informative class. Some of the hard topics in the last 2 chapters are not explained in a way that matched with the code terminology but good examples were given to help figure it out further.
Great course! Very succinctly presented. The course material and content is very well put together too. Just put in more coding assignments for each week and I will definitely rate this a 5 star!
I was happy with the first python course.this second course made me quite nervous about learning programming.But anyways I enjoyed learning new concepts and i will try to learn much more quicker
Starting to write program, this is way In. Can learn everything that is involved. Dr. Chuck is a good teacher, mostly he concentrated in building logic rather teaching syntax. I love his style.
The course has sufficient difficulty for learners to combine knowledge from different chapters together, and at the same time gives beginners like myself the confidence to continue programming.
Things are really starting to get interesting. Videos are generally very helpful. I had a tough time with the lecture on tuples. That one may require some fine tuning (or maybe I require some).
This is my 2nd course in Python For Everybody Specialization.It was good course for Python Data Structures and Assignments and quizzes are helpful. Bonus Material also valuable in this course.
The course is now becoming harder for me but the instructor Professor Chuck has arranged thing in very orderly manner so the learners like me are also learning the course with much enthusiasm.
I enjoy this course. This is really interesting course with pretty good stuff & assignments the instructor is also maintain the intraction to give some good knowledge with a serious funThanks!
More challenging problems would have been appreciated. I understand that there was a book and other additional materials to refer to, but additional problems built-in would have been better
Extra Nice, but I am not still feeling the power of Python over other Programming Languages, I guess I still have to study a bit more to get to know what is fascinating about this language
I have gotten what I needed from these classes. They where intended for someone with less programming background than myself so I occasionally found them tedious. That is on me, well done.
This course covers python data structure very efficiently. The course mainly focuses on most commonly used features. Examples used in lectures as well as the exercises are very practical.
Very well formed and easily understandable. Assignments are designed to revise all parts of concepts as we want. But in the last week (6th) better use of tuple could have been asked for.
Python  Data structure  course This is a good course for studying data structure with python. This is simple and easy to understand.
Hi All,I liked the content , Instructor and the explanation is good which helps to understand concepts in a better way.The Assignments are also brainstorming for me. Need to learn more.
Great course, the lectures are comprehensive and easy to follow. The only recommendation which I have is to offer more optional assignments for those who would like some extra practise
The real advantage of using tuples to solve a problem was not terribly clear. Lists and dictionaries could solve all problems. Some features are useful though like multiple assignment.
It was really a nice experience for me. I have never put my hands on coding before. This course on python has boosted my confidence and has given me a zeal to explore python language.
Excellent course , I learned a lot of basic thing of python which I believe really enhance my programming capability  and  established a strong grounding of data structure of Python .
Absolutely great compilation of data structures and hits the brief. For a person who has somewhat a decent idea can easily complete this course in two days. Its a good brush through.
This course was insightful and easy to follow! This course would be more beneficial if there were more example problems and step-by-step solutions to the example problems. Thank you.
Great way of learning how Python works as well as what you can do with Python, and it's all relevant I really enjoy the tutoring style and the bonus interviews are really informative
The book was very helpful to get through this material.  I'd love to have some optional practice exercises, I've been coming up with things on my own but they're all pretty limited.
some of the exercises were earlier than they should have been as the course applicable for that exercise came in the next lecture so to have them together will be a much better help
Nice and easy to follow primer in Python data structures. You won't be learning any advanced programming techniques, but basic programming patterns applied to Python pass the revue.
There were some wrongs in code and some times I feel rush in video. Like, when teaching how to open file, didn't show any solution for those who are facing problem in opening file.
I think the course was phenomenal, challenging and great way to learn Python-Data structures.Thank you Dr. Chuck for teaching  this course and making it available for us to learn.
It is an excellent course but it would be nice  if he talk about complexity of these data structures. Over all this course is nice for complete beginner in the word of programming
Simple and clear. Quite satisfied with the fact that I finally understood the difference between tuples and lists. Could have been interesting to have sets in the course as well!
I knew almost nothing about programming just a month ago. Now I have done two of the courses of the specialization and I can actually understand other basic codes. Great course!
A practical course that transforms web based data extraction using efficient coding without the need to reinvent the wheel. A good mix of hands-on without getting too technical.
Good structure of this course. I did this course and was reading Python for informatics  book together. Gave me good platform to start doing more advance things to do in Python.
This course was pretty astonishing. I had no idea that taking a class  could be enjoyable and something I looked forward to. I definitely think that you should take this course.
excellent course and dr.chuck was amazing. the assignments were a bit easy and i would have liked them more difficult and there should have been more assignments for practice .
It's kinda easy course. It's good for beginner. I would recommend this course because the prof give lectures interesting and logical, so that I can follow up the class at ease.
interesting lecture, professor is trying to make python fun to starter. the outline is quite reasonable. however maybe the process is little slow for one who already has base.
This course give basic data structures that all new Python programmer need.From this course you will learn and try yourself about useful data structure that usually use later.
Overall satisfied with the course, moreover at the end of every chapter. There are extra videos about jquery, json, That was awesome. I learned something new in this course.
Great introduction!  I'm a grizzled IT veteran and this is only an ancillary part of my career, but it's something I've found very fun and interesting late in my career.
the course is good but i think one thing can make it prefect for beginners which is more practical exercises to make the student feel confident moving to the next lesson
Awesome course. Would be nice if the textbook was better integrated with the lectures and assignments though. The textbook often went way ahead of the week's objectives.
As for me, I would like to have at least two mandatory assignments in each section. It will provide more practical experience in processing of the material! Thank you!!!
Was a very good course. It was fun, though this could be included in first course as it was super-easy.But overall, course is fantastic, dr.Chuck is best instructor !!!
I took this course as part of the specialization, and I am
glad I did. Great course, I hope It will help me in the near future, when I
feel comfortable changing career.
Really good course, It helped me clear my basics within a short period of time. Also, the exercises are brilliantly planned to get useful understanding of the concept.
A mentor is what makes a hard thing to learn an easy one, and Dr. Chuck does that swinging his snape wand so easily. Will look forward to other courses with Dr. Chuck.
pinpoints main python challenges about data parsing, and provides clever practice exercises (I understand now why and when using a tuple, dict or list).Good mindset...
Worked exercises could have questions rewritten on top rather than just giving references to the question earlier. This would help in connecting rather than guessing.
This course has a very unique way of teaching Data Structures in Python where you actually get to work upon problems related to files and extracting data out of them.
Lovely course. Dr. Chuck always keeps things interesting. Had lots of fun while programming. Definitely one of the best MOOC Courses. Really good stuff for beginners.
The course keeps you certainly motivated despite the difficulties that arises in assignments. It is I think a lot to do with the instructor's passion and playfulness.
sometimes spent too much time assignments due to getting stuck and having no idea what to do next. as a result, a lot of time wasted uselessly, that could be avoided.
a very good course, the instructor is funny and very straight forward.the only thing that need to be improved is the assignments, they need to be more challenging ^_^
This course is way more better than previous course the auto grader assignment where good and challenging.And it was fun for me to solve those assignment. Thank you
It was a very awesome course it gave real class based course like experience , instructor Dr. Chuck is indeed very good.Thanks Coursera for providing me this course
Excellent python course, I would say it is best because it is right from the starch. That helped me a lot and time allocated to practice the learnings is awesome.
The graded tool assignments were a bit difficult as some of them included concepts which weren't taught before. Apart from that, a great course. Thank you, Chuck!
Python is an object oriented language. I would of like to have seen a little more of an expansion on creating classes and structure to importing my own libraries.
Great course, as was the first; would have liked a bit more detail on what is a function and what is a method for file handling. Otherwise, perfect, very helpful
It was pretty much organized course of python data structure. I have learnt all the things with very much courage and didn't get bored for a single time at all.
this course really was very interesting and i learn very new things in this course and it was fun to deal with problems on the concepts i learnt in this course.
It would be very helpful if they could include more worked out example since it'll help with grasping concepts much better.Apart from that wonderful experience!
First of all, I am very glad to pass this course. Hope it would be very useful in my career. I,m thankful to my Professor who made it easy to understand. Thanx
Great detail and highly informative, literally the sole detractor for me is that the videos can be somewhat circuitous when I'm anxious to learn the next part.
Great course. Could do with going over things a bit more deeply at times. There is a lot to take in for one course but still very good. I enjoyed it immensely.
This class is tough and time flies. No more intro stuff. This is is where we really start to get into some heavy programming (at least for my endurance level)
Its   nice experience for me to learn python.It helped me to build strong foundation.At the end i am happy with my learning.tank you for offering this course
It would be better if you include some other details like how to use stacks,queues,arrays,Binary_Trees,..... other real-time data structures in this course.
I think a little bit of more assignments would have helped loads. Still a very good course, a place where I really found myself growing in programming world
the course was helpful and the teacher was greati learned a lot of things, but the assignment had some problem sometime it don't  update the grade on system
I think this course is better than the first one. It's not as slow or as 'baby sitting.' it's very clear and easy to understand. And it sure is playful! :)
maybe could be more in depth. I really appreciated how passionate Dr Chuck is and how much he cares about his students even in online lectures. Thank you!!
Good content with a nice bit of character and playfulness from the professor. Be prepared to find your own ways to practice and solidify the skill, though.
It's a bit challenging for a arts student like me, but luckily I've passed the test.However, I believe it is better to take a back look from time to time.
Not bad for an introductory course, but I was hoping that they would cover more topics, and in greater depth. But Dr. Chuck's style is very approachable.
This course is just fabulous. It made me learn new things and just made me understand better by hands-on practice. This course taught me a lot. Thank you
Amazing way to teach, but the assignment problem are actually make me understand the topic at the best.Thanks for such assignment and help in the video.
An interesting course that is very well and clearly presented. The assignments are well designed to ensure that we understand the concepts and framework
The course is perfect for new learner . This course gave me something new in python data structure and now i  am able to do code with list, tuples etc
Awesome course. enjoyed proramming while doing assingments . Dr charles taught it in simpler way that helped to grasp the concepts in data structures.
The concepts were relatively tougher but the Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher. May be there could have been additional videos with a few more examples.
Good course overall but week 2 is a repeat of week 2 in the first course of the specialization and I couldn't find a good way to skip it in Coursera.
Good course on Python Data Structures.Easy to follow and grasp the concepts.I would have liked it more, if it had more challenging graded assignments
it wasn't easy and took me longer than I initially anticipated, but well worth taking it a bit slower and getting these Data Structure fundamentals.
It is more about how to program in python instead of a Data Structure course~ But it is still very organized and you can really learn a lot from it!
Very good introductory course. pros: Very easy to follow. supportive community. amazing bonus material, eye-opening.cons: lacking in-depth exercise
This course is useful for very beginners and covers only basics of Data Structures. This course helped me as a quick review guide for my projects.
Its excellent course for anyone who is willing to learn python. Hats offs to Dr. Severance for the way he teaches. Its pleasure to learn from him.
could have given more idea on files writing files accessing it from desktop....i needed to surf the web to find that out...everything else was gr8
The course is very easy to learn and understand the data structures in python and can use efficiently when we faced the problem solving questions
Very good course.  Hope there is a summary of (1) operations of List, Dictionary and Tuple and (2) conversion between List, Dictionary and Tuple.
Its a good course for beginners who dont have any idea about programming. My suggestion is to practice a lot of problems while doing the course.
Learned a lot about python data structures and content on these topics are good and getting to learn more and more. I am trying to study more .
I got understand python data structure through this course. and I convince that information learned from this course will be helpful to my work
Very good course. You can be sure not to get lost here as long as you pay attention and do the work. You can't fail here if you apply yourself.
I have enjoyed a lot while I was learning my topics through Coursera. It's really amazing virtual learning platform with talented instructors.
Escellent content and presentation of material.  Disappointed that auditing course is not supported by grading of exercises, tests and quizes.
Somethings were not completely explained. But in a way it was good, as then I had to search on Google and learn them. Overall, a great course.
Dr. Chuck is very very good at what he is doing ,he has humor and helped a lot to understand all things about this course!Thank you very much.
Dr Charles way of teaching python is pretty different and very cool.Specially the bonus videos are great.The course is great and interesting.
A good course but simultaneous practice by learner is important to get a grip on the course as it doesn't include a lot of practice examples.
Very clear instructions from Chuck, nice assignments that are just a bit more difficult than you expect. Looking forward to the next episodes
Good job explaining, quizzes were helpful. Need a little more practice it felt like. Good job though, learned a lot about how to manage data.
I really enjoyed this course. However, I do wish they provided more exercises and practice problems. The textbook was very helpful, as well.
could use even more assignments!  Also, the TA's suggesting we use things that haven't been covered extensively isn't very helpful sometimes
Excellent course of python data structure .By taking this course our dictionary,list and amny other thing in python bulid at a great extent
I wish they provided more assignments at greater levels of difficulty, but overall the class is well taught and the concepts well explained
All these courses really need to be updated to Python 3. There is no advantage in sticking to Python 2 anymore with Python4  on the horizon
very cool professor, neat and clear instructions and exercises. might have been better with more detailed assignments even a final project.
This is a woneful course to learn from Expert teachers. This will serve a stepping stone into Machine learning or data science thru Python
All the course is good, the online playground may  need to be upgraded so that we can see the invisible tab and space to code efficiently.
Dr. Severance has an excellent way  exeplaining  and simplifing issues, truely it was interesting time in learning Python Data Structure,
This course provided the fundamentals for the data structures using python.  however, i wish the assignments were a bit more challenging.
The basic data structures have been introduced well without going into difficult constructs which helps learners grasp the concepts fast
The concepts were explained very beautifully.I found it a bit tough to grasp tuples concept. But it has made me working with python easy
The Coursera and this course both helped me with my dreams. The course was way better than I thought and classes were extremely lively.
It will be better if there is Chinese under the teacher. As a Chinese student, it is not that easy when I learn this course in English.
When came there the Python starts to become counter-intuitive. I need to talk to some senior programmers to get these assignments done.
Dr.Chuck you are the best python teacher i have ever learned from!Thank you for your support and i am excited to do course 3 of python.
Perhaps assignments were a little to straightforward - I would have enjoyed a more challenging final one. Very well presented and paced
A very good introduction to the basics of data structures in python. The assignment programs are very useful to understand the basics.
The course was very informative and easy to grasp. Concepts were explained In a simple to understand fashion and I enjoyed the class.
all was good explanation to assingment  try assingments first by yourself and then go to the worked examples for better understanding
Explain of each topic is very well. but teach some advance level exercise question.simply increase difficulty in passing this course.
Great course for the beginner & intermediate level. Very structured & interactive. The mentors at discussion forums are very helpful.
i always wanted to learn with Prof.Chuck and it was great experience .... i hope all are doing good .... all the best to everyone :)
Course material and problems were great, it would be more beneficial for students if there would be more different types assignments
It was very engaging. That makes it more understand. I am so glad to participate in this course. Can't wait to take my next course.
This course deserves 5 stars but their autograder sucks it has a very bad user interface I recommend them to use jupyter notebook.
This course has taught me a lot. Dr Chuck knows how to teach in the easiest way. He teaches in a way we converse with the computer
Good course, fun to learn. If you know programming and just want to know how to use python, you can complete this course in a day.
i like the way instructor tells us regarding the subject matters.Moreover the assignments anfd quiz helps us in gaining knowledge
The course involves major concepts of data structures in Python which is quite effective and useful for all the python aspirants
Again a great course to understand the basics of Python Data Structures. Loved the way professor demonstrated the use of Tuples.
it was a very powerful course and very skilled instructor i kinda enjoyed it and I'm very happy to take that course in coursera
This is a nice introductional course .  I was not happy with the excersises . Too simple, practically repetition of the lecture
very well taught of the concepts broken down as chapters and put together to understand and think the logic behind programming.
It was a great course but i found things getting a little tougher and got stuck also,but still there is scope for improvement.
pretty basicwould be  better if it covers assignments with stronger problems which leads to explore ore about data structures.
Mr chuck explains every basic concept of the particular topic which is the only thing that a student needs.Thanks to coursera.
Good and fund. Some new concept such as list, dictionary, etc, may be better explained for ones not very familiar with these.
This is a great course. Dr. Chuck is very nice person, I really like his attitude, the way how he approach solving problems.
It was really nice learning these things. The professor is really cool and explains the stuff perfectly. Thank you coursera.
The natural progression to the previous course. Things start getting a bit more sophisticated, so you have to keep focused.
This course is a very soft and gentle introduction to python data structures , really designed to real dummies. I liked it!
it was a bit like introduction to data structures in python...it cannot guarantee you mastery of ds but it is a good start
not something new to learn .i already knew 99% of the stuff.but still the content is good for those who are new to python.
nice n wonderful course to start with!!very useful,understandable,n easy for beginneres to cherish their coding language
its a very good course it goes from the basics to advanced level and the way prof:Charles Russell tells is a bit amazing
It's a great course. The only reason I have not given 5 stars is because I feel there should be more graded assignments.
Well paced, well explained. A bit of issues with the grader tbh; it appeared I had proper syntax but was getting errors.
The assignments could be made a little more harder as the basics course (previous one) was already completed before taki
An excellent course which will bring in a sense of confidence (to program in python) for all who diligently complete it.
Nice course for a starter, the pace is exponential.would be good, if an over course completion certificate is provided.
Great course, professor Chuck explains the subjects in an understandible manner. I only wish there were more exercises.
The course is very good. I have learned so many techniques and steps that I can use in my future coding and projects.
This course has a good structure but it is quite basic for someone who already knows some other programming language.
it was very interesting course i enjoyed along with learning and the problem excites to go ahead and ahead in course.
python Data Structures course is good and The Instructor Teaching method is interesting...Overall This course is Good
Everything was fine but you should keep the assignments a little bit simple rest everything was fine and appropriate.
As an introductory course its a perfect beginning with apt quiz and assignments which help you remember and practice.
It is good.But the videos are too long....maybe they can be split into parts,which would make them easier to complete
It was great learning more about Python. Thank you very much Dr. Chuck for making this so simple and understandable.
hii this course is very useful course for beginners in programmer, and to know how to type code with roles perfectly
Dear Lecturer,The only complaint is that I find this course pretty short, but everything is well made, and prepared.
I love this course. Moreover, there is increase in my python programming language slightly. Thanks a lot, coursera.
the course felt very brief, should have been more detailed and more kind of problems should also have been explored
Overall the course is good but at some points I thought that some more explanation would have been more benifecial.
Alert Box in Autograder annoys a lot,Other than that, everything's really great and awesome.Thank You Coursera. :-)
I think the string in-build functions used are very limited. If more functions added in course, it will more useful
Easy intro to basic structures in python. Some exposure on advanced structures such as Counters would be useful too
Good course for beginners. Not enough depth for people who want to master python and do some real projects with it.
Nice content but misplaced arrangement of topics in the sequence. Tuples should be prior to Lists and Dictionaries
This was a really good and interesting course. Can be taken to a bit higher level though to make it even more fun.
When Charles Severance is by your side. You cannot help but learn what he is teaching. Pitch-Perfect explanations.
It is a good introduction for new beginners, interesting and funny. However, not recommended to someone with bases
The exercises were interesting and seems more real-world rather than the exercises you may find on some textbooks!
The Instructor, how he teach, videos, and all of this course is great. i understand  all materials of this course
Good course. Things begin to get a little more complex. I recommend doing extra practice to help remember syntax.
Great course. Some small errors can add time to understanding. It's getting old (Python 2 vs. today's Python  3).
Nice course with comprehensive lectures, maybe a bit too easy but I learned a few things, so thank you very much!
Very good but more excercises need to be there from easy to hard levels to provide more expertise in the course.
Very good BASIC course to get familiar with python data structures.Teaching slides and video clear and pleasant.
its a bit tough course as every data structure has been related to files where not every time we use the files.
Like the first cours, this second was clair and really amazing, thanks for all of you specially the instructor.
Overall a great and interactive course!Great work! Dr. Charles SeverenceI will be returning for the 3rd course!
Very useful and understandable....Looking forward for more assignments on the topics to enhance understanding .
It covers the basic python data structures and it has added importance to my career in the form of certificate
Sometimes the course doesn't show the complicated example of the assignment. I cannot work them out sometimes.
Great second instalment of the Python For Everyone course. Concepts are clearly explained and easy to follow.
This course went over the basics in a great way. If you know python, skip around and focus on any weak areas.
It was great experience learning with sir chuck.I am going apply my learning from this course to my education
The course teacher is amazing. Thank you for guiding all the way. The course structure was also ver helpful.
You may explain more methods and i guess there should be more solved as well as unsolved problems.THANK YOU.
All the practice problems are based on  "mbox-short.txt " file. Working on different files might be helpful.
I loved this course on Coursera. I got to learn a lot of new stuff in Python. A big thanks to Prof. Charles.
Excellent course. I would prefere to have more excercises in order to fix the concepts and terms in my mind.
OVERALL COURSE IS NICE. I ONLY FEEL THAT RECURSION AND STUFF is MISSING OR YOU CAN SAY NOT PROPERLY COVERED
Amazing course, amazing instructor, lot of fun elements, easy to understand material. Not much challenging.
The course moves a bit slow for the amount of content, but for a programming beginner that could be a plus.
Excellent course for beginners whom do not practiced Python before. Need more exercises to master concepts.
More useful than part 1 which was too basic for me; and started actually learning new things toward the end
Just like the first one, really nice layout of the course and good explanations throughout the course book.
I love the lucid way of explaining complex concepts, you get to memorize it quickly and it stays with you.
The video for assignment's solution  in week 6 is not related to the assignment. Please try to update that
the course material is pretty good especially for beginners. More homework problems would definitely help.
Really good course, I wish we could have more practical exercise but It is a really great way of learning!
The best teacher for python. This course built up the tempo without any rush and the pace was just right.
this course is good for beginners and thanks to Coursera for providing this kind of courses for learners.
Great course, esp. for beginners; however I'd recommend mentioning a few more details of data structures.
wish to have more assignments no matter they need to be graded or not, just simply want to practice more
Good course. Few explanation seems redundant for experienced coders. But may be necessary for beginners.
Great class.Would be nice if we had more assignments. I'm really excited about starting the next course!
Good explaining on data structures, however shallow for people who already have good programming skills.
Its not a course to manage python, its just and introduction of the basis but is pretty well explained
Very practical and well paced detailed to understand the basics of how data can be stored and accessed.
Very helpful.  I know other proramming languages, and this was key to using Python in a meaningful way.
Thank you for giving such a really good and unique content with happy infrastructure by Dr. Chuck sir.
Can you give a review or summary video in each week so we can quickly go through what we did last week
More Scenario based problems for coding (i.e. more number of assignment) should be there for practice.
Good class. The lecturer is a bit "nutty", but that's also what makes this class fun and entertaining.
It was an amazing course covering all the basics of Python data structures with quiz and assignments!
Using data structures has become so much easier, the course content was great and easy to understand.
Overall course has value, as it provides knowledge and understanding to the building blocks of Python
great class, excellent content, good pace and projects. some of the projects are a little repetitive.
Explanation of concepts is very good and clear,i really enjoy this journey of the python programming
This course is very good for beginners. Through this course I gained knowledge on concepts of files.
Iam very happy to learn this course. Tutor is awesome. Definitely it's taking me to the next level.
i guess if you could try to mix little bit with java too so that we can learn those differences too
I enjoyed all the challenges in this course, thanks a lot for Coursera and for Michigan University.
Good course for basic students who do not have any knowledge into programming. Highly recommended.
It was an excellent course with smooth and appropriate pace of learning of Python data structures.
He teaches python very well, for someoe with no begginer experience. And you get a certificate. :)
This is a great course. My only concern is that some contents are reused from the previous course.
Its Good for understanding of basics. Just finish it. Its the beginning only. There is lot to do.
Im so glad to do this course. Its a nice course and i will suggest all of them to do this course.
Quite a good course as I was able to gain everything being taught .Enjoyed teaching by Dr.Chuck.
THIS COURSE HELPED ME IN LEARNING PYTHON AND THIS COURSE CLASSES ARE ALSO SO EASY TO UNDERSTAND.
I wish tuples were explained a little more or with more examples.Other than that, superb course!
The module overall was good, but for a beginner I found some concepts really hard to understand.
The course is very good but somewhere along the course I got lost. But I guess that's my fault.
One of the best course that I have learned more than I thought,good instructor and good course.
Very nice explanation. The course could have had more assignments and data structures in depth.
Have a little more advanced topics along with the basics or at least references or a direction
More assignments and a downloadable file of all the slides used in lectures would really help.
Very nice course to start from beginning for every student, who had interested in programming.
whole course was really good..!! But it would be even more good, if more functions are taught.
An excellent and pragmatic approach to learning the fundamental facets of python data analysis
*One of The BEST! course for Python.*Secondly,hats off to Dr. Chuck ;such a great instructor.
This is a good cousre for a beginner, and to clear the basics. And Charles  is a good teacher
Relatively simple. Again I enjoyed the bonus interviews: They were very helpful and inspiring
Great course. Helped me a lot in understanding the concepts of data structures using python.
Very helpful course again, thanks to Dr. Chuck for making it easy to follow and interesting!
this course is very helpful ,it helps me to increase my tendency to understand the concepts
Great course, nice explanation from the basic and exercises after the class is very helpful
This is excellent course on basic data structure. I will encourage you to take this course.
Great Content and exercises.Helped me to understand data structures in python very easily.
Good course for the data structures the core aspects are covered very well in this course.
Basics of Python Data Structures made very clear. Also material provided comes very handy.
Thank You Dr. Chuck for a great course for a good foundation on data structures in Python!
Very good intro into the data structure basics, but needed more material and assignments.
It's nice but assignments are bit complicated when compared to Programming for everybody.
Excellent course being provided by Coursera and thanx to Dr chuck the talented instructor
Excellent courses. It is very important to check the written content to do all exercises.
This course help me a lot in making basic right concept regarding python data structure.
in course Python Data structures It is helpful to learn the python list,dict and so on .
I got a little confusing in tuples and dictionaries please make it a little more simple.
Good entry-level course, i used it to refresh some basic python knowledge for 3rd course
Great course.It has really boosted my confidence to learn new things about programming.
This is a very good course and also useful for my carrier. Thank you so much, Mr. Chuck
I think the course needs to include talking about tuples as an important data structure
I was a great course, but I think It can be better by giving more hands-on assignments.
Excellent course to understand the basic data structures that exist in Python language.
easy to learn, and struggle enough to apply what i've learned into coding from scratch
learned a lot in this course,this course upgrade my thinking level as well adaptation.
Felt like it was bit fast paced which might not be easy to catch-up for many students
Thorough explanation, good pace for people that need time to take in the information.
It's very good course .The concept of basic python is  very clear after this course.
A go-to course for beginning Python. But this just the beginning with lots to learn.
I learn a lot about python data structure in a very simple way!! Thank you dr.chuck!
It was fun learning extention of what we started with strings,dictionaries and files
some more brief explanation in case of dictionary and tuples would be more helpful .
Enjoyed it: very clear. One star off because I feel we could have gone a bit deeper.
It's completely straightforward to learn and understand. Thanks for your enthusiasm.
Excellent method of teaching. Difficulty of assignments however should be increased
It was so good. I can able to understand conditions and statements of python easily
Very clear to understand. The explanation is straight forward and very interactive!
course is really good and the instructor explains all in simple and in easy manner
The Course is ok. But week 5,6. graded assignment is too much tough to understand.
A very good for beginners of python. good information about basic data structures.
Really appreciate Dr. Chuck's enthusiasm and clarity in explanations. Fun course !
i learn such an amazing skills in python programming and very interactive course.
course is good , but it will be more useful if you add chapters like OOP concepts
the problem statements were very helpful in developing a problem solving approach
The lectures seemed to be a little rushed, but it was overall a great experience.
Best Online course for Python which gives the theoretical and practical knowledge
Very very well explained even if in my opinion it lacks a bit of practice coding.
Fantastic lecturer who explains concepts and fundamentals of Python very clearly.
very interesting, but I can't find all the material and codes for more practise.
It would be better if contents of videos can stick to the textbook more closely.
Later courses including the capstone project do not seem very instructive to me.
great content, but a little short... would love to meed Dr. Chuck in person ! =)
Nice and small lectures which helps me to learn efficiently. Thank you Professor
Nice one, for complete beginners.But the assignments age just too easy, I think.
Optional practice problems / assignments should be given which are challenging.
it was great exprience with this course. i have studied under diligent teacher.
really helpful for the beginners to learn python and useful in their work need.
the last 3 weeks had a faster pace than expected, otherwise a great experience!
Good introduction to data structures in Python. Exercises are a bit repetitive.
Its easy and good .it will definitely help  for the beginners for programming.
well i like this course. it was very helpful for me to understand python lang.
this course is very usefull for us and i very exciting to learn another course
It is a very good course for those who want to learn Data Structure in Python.
A well organised course that does provide a good deal of information. Thanks!!
wow that's really great teaching style of your and thank you coursera for this
Very short course but quite elegant but obviously the content can be increased
Great job by Dr. Chuck. He was funny and very good with the examples.Loved it.
great introduction to python, good foundation to build on and great professor!
This class offers great information, but the lectures could be more efficient.
professional but more exercises are needed to be added to course for practice
It was a good experience for me. I think instructor is very good at teaching.
I think this course is very concise and fundamental. Very good for beginners!
Great course to step into data structures and building a stronmg foundation.
This course more intresting  and every topic are cleared to a basic concept.
Good practice, may need to be better organized though... Great course anyway
Average . Does not elaborate all the topics completely.Decent for beginners.
Really great course.....but expect problem sets to be little more difficult.
excellent videos and challenging assignments to get thorough with the topics
The teaching staff is supportive and Dr Chuk explains in a friendly manner.
very goon intro but any one enroll on it have to know that it is just intro
All in all I enjoyed it . Could use additional content on nested for loops.
programming exercises will help u learn how to use lists, dictionaries etc
Great teacher, just hard for a newbie like me to grasp everything quickly.
It will be great to also have more on  SET as part of the data structures.
With great mentor comes great learning ...interesting learning experience.
Very information course. Caters to both newbies and experienced programmer
The syllabus is too easy for a beginner also.Make it slightly challenging.
Thank you for opportunity, bu tcan you publish course for Python Advanced?
Informative, but overall very short. Wish there was a couple more chapters
Really great experience.Dr. Chuck is a great man and really good teacher.
I really like this course and I love the lectures of Professor Severance!
This course is easy to understand python guide was very much interactive.
the is very elementary level course i think it should be little advanced.
Great follow-up to the first course. Great pace for just learning Python.
Good fundamentals of data structures are taught in an understandable way.
I'd like assignments to be more complicated and I'd like more assignments
A well explanied concept and understood about Python and datas structure
It was a fun learning this course. This course is perfect for beginners.
The lecturer is truly nice. The content of the course is well-organized.
It was awesome learning with Dr.Chuck and it was a wonderful experience.
For a person new to coding it's a bit challenging. But it's all worth it
the course is good overall but assignments can be much more challenging
it is good course.i enjoy a lot to learn this.it is quite interesting.
It's very easy to learn for the beginners, and Dr. Chuck is awesome...
the teaching was amazing but the auto grader did give alot of trouble.
Nice class but something more hard and tough assignments are needed :(
Dr. Chuck is great as usual. And some probles with autograder service.
Very good source for learning lists, dictionaries and tuples in python
this course should be perfect and systematic way of studied in python
The assignments are very important part of the course. great learning
The tulips part seemed a bit teached in hurry, but else it's ok! thx!
with this course iam fully boosted with datastructure part.thank you.
Learnt more basic stuff in python .Explanations are clear and helpful
This course really helped me to grab overviews of the Python. Thanks!
The Grader Doesn't have test cases .Anyone can fool the grader easily
a bit boring than the first one but the instructor is very very good
This course was very interesting and I enjoyed it . Thank you sir !!
A good course for a beginner in continuation to Python for everybody
after doing this course i have learn more about programmin languages
A great course for some basic yet very commonly used data structures
This course is really awsome .The teaching techniques are also cool.
I could understand the object oriented language through this course.
Compared to the previous Course on Python, this was a bit difficult
Awesome teaching, more examples could be discussed for each concept
The Course Instructor was damn awesome! Made things simple to learn
its a nice startup course to learn python primitive data structures
Excellent, am becoming a more confident programmerLoved this course
it was very informative but the auto grader tool can be improvised
please stop making lame jokes. except that teacher is really great
Very pedagogical courses! Exercises get more and more difficult...
Very understanding for beginners and assignments are awesome!!!:))
the course is smooth for those with lesser programming experience.
Great course...good place for a beginner to start and learn PYTHON
I think we could have dove into actually analyzing some more data.
loved it the assignments were good in this except peer s checking
Very nice course for basics, but it should've had more exercises.
really informative and precise easy to understand..just loved it.
Great content, moves a little slow sometimes.  Dr Chuck is great.
great course but needs a little bit more videos for the exercises
Well Designed and simple explanation made the learning enjoyable.
Good for beginners. Would be nice if there were more assignments.
Could have been given more detailed and thorough study material.
helped me learned a lot...!!!.....nicely explained and presented
A decent course though not the amount of detail that I expected.
Great for Beginners in Python a good foundation for Data Science
Nice course structure and Charles makes it's easy to comprehend.
good place to start to know about basic building block of python
I like it very much! It's very practical and easy to understand!
Very good, everything nicely explained and a humoristic teacher.
Explanation was Great and assignments questions were also good.
Good course, wish there was a way to receive assistance easily.
No doubt it is one of the good course i will recommend to other
The course is well structured and moves at just the right pace!
need more practise on loops and iterationsand logic development
Super Course and super professor! Keep spreading this knowledge
it will be  better to have Chinese subtitles for all videos. :)
The course is very ez for me to pick up the python programming.
A nice course fir the begineer whi wants to learn some basics.
This is very useful and may things learn and file concept also
nice course, more explanation on tuple may  help in better way
nice and easy introduction tutor make every concept very clear
The course was good and easy to understand with good examples.
nice ,well paced but the assignments could have more difficult
More content (or harder ones could be added within one course)
easy but informative. very well structured, clear, and concise
If there are more assignments for practice, it will be better.
i have learn python this course is very helpful for beginners
Very nice course and off course Dr Chuck he is awesome man !!
Very good for those who are getting started with programming.
Need more of assignments to practice and get used to syntaxes
the coding external source sometimes does not work correctly!
great very important if you are serious sbout learning python
Very useful contents for data structure analysis using Python
Could have been a bit more challenging, but great course none
2nd course I take and I enjoyed it just as much as the first!
much good to understant when compare to other online courses
Needed a bit more practice. But it was indeed a good course.
Now I am able to understand what python speaks.Yes,its True.
it's very good to learn data structures thank you so much!!!
Great delivery. I am not sure why sets were left out though.
Good course, but Week 2 is a repeat on the earlier course...
a good walkthrough about Fundamentals of Python Programming!
excellent course. I learned a lot and lectures are wonderful
great for beginners or people with no programming knowledge.
the course is a great  way to begin with python and coding.
Vey explanatory and tasking. It is a great way of learning.
I find it awesome. A very good python course for beginners.
Simply made and easy to understand, the tests are effective
Nice course that introduces concept of structures in Python
Good course. Funny teacher. Everything is simple and clear.
Very good course.  I wish there were more problems to work.
Course is good for begineers who want to learn programming.
I'am disappointed because the assignments are too much easy
it was good but the practice question should be increased.
Very well structured practices for Lists and dictionaries.
I have to say Dr.Chuck' MOOC is one of the best out there.
Very good course! I learned a lot and sharpened my skills!
A very Good class for starting Python with data structure.
Hour films are far too long for such essential information
Good course for beginners. Great teaching by prof. Chuck.
It was really good.Dr. Chuck Is really an awesome mentor.
The teaching assistant support could be better and faster
Loved the course outline and the explanation by professor
Sets I guess was a missing Data Structure in this course.
good course for better understanding of python. Thank you
good effort by the website developers. benificial for us.
Nice teaching and learning material!!! Thanks a lot. :):)
Great course - but should have more practice exercises.:)
Very good course, but there are some places not too deep.
greatly simplified and practical course.Thankyou Dr.Chuck
I wish the programming assignments were a little tougher.
Very useful course to learn about Python Data Structures
Awesome course. Understood a lot of the concepts taught.
It was a nice experience of learning... Thank You sir :)
The way he simplifies the difficult concepts is amazing.
Exacted more content in 1 course. Otherwise all good! :)
It would be better if syntax is included in the slides.
Coursera is helping me to learn Python, Thanks Coursera
A little bit easy, but you still can learn some tricks.
Good introduction to data structures possible in Python
I am satisfied with this course, learned a lot, thanks!
Excellent course to get the knack of python programing
Awesome online course ever done by me. Truly amazing .
Additional but not graded assignments should be given.
Good course! Good materials. Many enticing interviews.
easy to understand explained in a very easy vocabulary
python data structures course was fun and interesting.
It is easy, sould have been a bit difficult one ... :)
objects are missing from this one, and so are queue!!!
Few times, Explanations on Assignments were necessary.
well structured course. Easy to understand ans follow
its really very usefulto improve our skills in python
It was really fun learning with Coursera thank you...
variety of examples as an assignment should be given.
Would have loved more assignmentsgreat course in all!
the autograder has some bugs, but the course is great
All topics well explained. Perfect for the beginners.
It's boring but a necessary step to mastering Python.
good course. the shell wasn't working properly at all
Its a fun learning python....Easy too for beginner !
best class best sirr.....!thanku very much sirrr!!!!
teacher is very  good as well as the way they teach.
Really great Course and a Great Instructor.Thank you
Wow! what a good module. Simple and straight forward
Good course and quite well explained by Prof Charles
if there are more assignments ,we may code  better .
Very basic introduction to data structures in Python
Very good course. Dr. Charles, is a good instructor.
It is well explained and I had fun doing the tasks.
A good course for beginners and easy to understand.
nice course but needs to contain a lot of points...
was fun. but less detailed than l would have liked.
very detailed explanations. sometimes too detailed.
Great Course Material and Also Dr Chuck is greatest
Great class.  The external tool is sometimes a pain
nice course to get kick start for working in python
It very humble for course .., it just agreat start
A very interesting course to learn python in depth
Great Learning! Please keep the trainings going...
I guess there are should be more coding challenges
Very basic course , Good for beginners ..........
A little bit better comparing to the previous one
thanks alot to every body that creat this course
it was a great beginning course with assignments
very good for people getting started with python
Its an awesome course, i recommend it very much
Very good explanations, but very little practice
really good course to learn the basics of python
Loved the course. difficult topics the easy way.
A bit slow paced but a good course nevertheless.
clearly illustrate the basic knowledge in python
Well explained, easy to understand! Nicely done.
Very good course with good assignment questions.
The quiz interface is not very easy to be used.
got deep knowledge of python files,list ,tuples
I hope have more practices/optional assignments
An excellent course to kickoff learning Python.
Nice and Easy class to hone your Python skills!
in some cases, details explanation was needed.
All is good but update your exercise compiler.
very interactive and made to learn easy course
it's very undersand the python data structures
This course is good for an absolute beginners.
thank you so much for giving a great knowledge
This course was AWESOME as like the first one.
Great course, Dr. Chuck is a great instructor.
Very good learning experience, Thanks you sir
Python Dictionary now maintains sorting order
good to learn more knowledge about the python
Best specialization course on Coursera to do.
It is a perfect overview course for beginners
Excellent way of learning pythonThank you sir
It is amazing to learn Python from Dr. Chuck.
More assignments would have been appreciated.
Really had great experience while learning!!
Excellent Course to get started with Python!
Simple and easy to understand topics covered
great insights for data structures in python
This course helped me a lot to learn python.
A food introduction to Python data structure
Could use more practice with data structures
Very nice introduction to the Python basics.
Great course. Not enough assignments though.
videos and weeks can be broken further more
Its very useful u learned so much from this
This course clears nearly all your concepts
Excellent course. Very useful for beginners
Good basic python, enthusiastically taught.
I wanted some relation to other classmates.
Challenging course, but very good learning.
good introduction to python data structures
A little bit repetitive for obvious things.
Great course. You should go for it blindly
It was just the right amount of difficulty
pretty easy to complete and helpful course
The professor is one exceptional teacher .
Great instructor, and an elaborate course.
It was a meaningful course. Worth joining.
Amazing course and and amazing experience.
Additional knowledge like the use of Atom.
overview of list ,dictionary and tuples...
Good introduction to basic data structures
Good Course, with interesting lectures and
Nicely explained.  But tougher assignments
A good courser specialization for starter!
loved the course. Need more assignments :)
Sometime I felt the course took big jumps
Still very basic but useful for beginners
Professor is nice, and the teaching is we
really helpful course. nicely explained.
It was great course and instructor also!
learned various new ways of writing code
One of the best online learning courses,
Great course for learning Python Basics!
the course needs more practice instances
Its  a wonderful platform ,thanks a lot
It was useful and understandable course
Awesome course with awesome instructor.
Its really love to learn in course era.
Simple, concise and easy to understand.
Needs  update, but it's very explained.
The faculty taught the course so well.
Explanation and Applications are best.
good teaching and assignments are good
A well built course to learn and grow.
Very Good from Learning perspective...
very good course as well as instructor
Thanks a lot.The Coursera is greatest.
Simple, Fast way you experience python
very interesting and easily explained
Great course for the basics of Python
Nice starting for python DS learning.
Useful course but too short in length
Terrific overview of the fundamentals
Good paceand good practical examples.
very nice tutorials and explanations
super . Thanks for course developer.
very good online learning experience
excellent teaching .. very simplifie
have some knowledge about python now
simple and effective way of teaching
Worth having and taking this course
It should be little more difficult.
This was a very informative course.
assignment are little bit difficult
I hope I can get a faster TA reply.
one of the most interesting  course
It made me more clear of the topics
Good content on List Dict and Tuple
some more assignment would be great
It was a great journey of learning.
Good one to go thru, best in class.
I hope there would be more practice
too few programming assignments :-(
Best teacher, best way of teaching
its good learning platforms others
very good platform to learn python
It was a great course, Loved it ;)
great teacher. very well explained
It was good and informative course
Good assignments and over all good
Good course, hands on practice...!
Enjoyed learning Python from Chuck
continues to be a very solid class
Great lectures, but too easy tasks
Very exxplicit and cool learnings.
it was very informative,thank you
Explain about Algorithms i needed
This course is very useful to me.
The course was good to understand
The assignments were very helpful
Amazing Instructor Amazing Course
this course gives the basic skill
Excellent Course most informative
Great course. Chuck is very good.
Assignment solver could be better
quality exercises and assignments
All theTutorialis good and thanks
The homework can be more complex.
I think professor is so cute
challenging, but I learned a lot.
I love this course , Charles sir
Explanation was very thorough;y.
great course for new programmers
difficulty level not that much .
Great course. Excellent teacher.
not bad, wish it had oop though
Good basics for complete novice
It's a good course for beginner
it's like learning with friends
best course for python learning
i expected more in dictionaries
Good start for data structures.
need more content and go deeper
too much irrelevant information
Great course by a great teacher
Nice Course I learnt alotthanks
More practice would be awesome!
great course for python newbies
Again extremely easy to follow
Amazing course! Learned a lot.
Its good platform for learning
little bit easy but it is good
Good course for basic leaning.
Very difficult but rewarding!
Good but i want to learn more
very good for python learners
Tuples are a intersting thing
Concise and sweet. I had fun!
Almost clear all your doubts.
l really learnt a lot from it
Very good course,Thanks a lot
Awesome Course for beginners.
very good introductory course
A fantastic course for python
Pretty basic intro to python
A good choise for beginners
It is a really good course.
best knowledge and learning
it's a very helpful course.
handing files was very good
Awesome teacher and content
Very Good Course..Thank you
Coarse is good for Learners
great content learned a lot
Difficulty can be increased
Please add more assignments
Auto grade could be better.
Interesting and Interactive
I like it.It's really good
getting better with python
questions were a bit tough
there can be more examples
it was an amazing learning
Good course & good teacher
strong basics about python
Great course,Great teacher
Coursework was quite easy.
slightly more explanation.
Awesome course, worth time
Interesting, good-managed
Good learning Experience.
A great and simple course
It Was A Good Experience.
the content was excellent
Very good teaching skills
Very easy. User-friendly.
best course for beginners
Hoped for more exercises.
Thank you! learnt a lot!!
the  exercise are to easy
good, fast, easy, ussful
Thankyou for this course
learn python programming
Instructor is wonderful.
very good for a beginner
good introductory Course
Easy way to learn python
If more practice, better
itwassogoodtounderstand
Its very useful course.
Assignment becomes hard
well interactive course
very well explain......
could have include more
great course for basics
Fun introductory course
Grate course... Thanks!
Outstanding course....
It is cery good course
Just loved the course.
Learned a lot, thanks!
Better than last one !
gooood helpful course
Really helpful course
the last lesson sucks
it was helpful for me
Thanks! Great course.
Thank you Professor!!
4.5 star if possible
Very short and crisp
was tough at the end
A very good course!!
Love Professor Chuck
Nice way of teaching
It was great for me!
Thank you Dr Charles
Nice course. Thanks.
Really enjoyed this.
Pretty good course..
Good Course material
Thank you Dr. Chuck!
excellent teachings
Nice for begainners
wonderful experence
It's a good course.
really helpful site
course is fantastic
really worth taking
suitable for newbie
wonderful course :)
Exercise were good.
very good material.
it was just right.
Enjoyed the course
Need more problems
Very clear content
course was amazing
It's easy to study
wonderful teaching
it was challenging
simple and precise
great jobthank you
Great, enjoyed it.
Awesome course ..
Good teaching....
Very knowledgable
I love Dr. Chuck.
Good one to refer
A Must Do Course.
Prof. Chuck Rocks
files is to weak!
good explanation.
VeryGood Courses
good assignments
good its helpful
Explanation good
this one is good
It's good course
Good for Coding!
Clear and useful
easy but useful!
Well explained!
ITS REALLY NICE
its was awesome
course is good.
this is awesome
Nice and clean.
Best of the bes
It's awaesome!
Good course...
a great course
Great insight
it's perfect.
It was Good.
Just for new
Good thanks
Thank You!!
Good class!
Nice class
loved it.
Nice,Good
It i
python_data_structures=["Great course!", "Great content!", "Great instructor!"]for x in python_data_structures:    print (x)
Charles is a great teacher who has the ability to explain concepts in  lucid and yet engaging talks.I recommend this course to anyone who has basic python knowledge and wants to learn Data Structures (lists,dictionaries,strings,tuples) in Python.
This was a super-fun course! The materials were very easy to follow, and delivered in a very friendly and engaging manner. I highly recommend this course to anyone just getting started in programming.
Dr. Chuck is awesome!  I audited this and the beginner class to prepare for a training course for work . I needed to prepare to learn an AV system control scripting software that uses a Python-based language. I tried some Code Academy lessons and some other short interactive tutorials but I just wasn't getting the deeper, meaningful learning experience that I was looking for. This truly feels like having access to a university course on the subject (if you continue with the other courses in this specialization after this). The lectures are great, I highly recommend also reading the textbook as well to get a deeper understanding, and doing the auto-grader assignments to verify your working knowledge is a great tool. The time and effort commitment for the first 2 courses has felt like a light load, a great way to get started if you're feeling overwhelmed about learning a scripting language. Thank you Dr. Chuck!!!!
I feel incredible that I knew almost nothing about programming just a month ago. Now I have done two of the courses of the specialization and I can actually understand other basic codes. Great course!
assignment 9.4 auto grader not working .LTI unable to launch.error message: This tool should be launched from a learning system using LTI.i am using chrome on mac book air 2  and python 3.6
This is the second course in the python for everybody specialization. I must say, it's been an interesting ride from course 1 to 2 and I intend to go all the way. The areas covered include: Lists, Tuples, Dictionaries and they were touched upon as exhaustively as possible and Dr. Chuck was very impressive. The assignments were something to look up to, the videos very interesting (most especially the graduation ceremony)and straight forward but most of all, there is no unnecessary material in this course(stuffs like how the hash function works). However, I must warn prospective learners that the course builds upon course 1 of the specialization(though not much) and so I recommend this course to anyone who's done with course 1 and also anyone who understands the basic syntax of the python language
Great course for pyhton. Loved this course and enjoyed it. Thanks to Dr.Chuck. If anyone who want to take a course which is well explained and fun for python learning, then Hey!!! this is your course.
Yet another excellent course with Dr. Chuck.  Thank you!Key positives:  Dr. Chuck patiently covers the "pain-points" that are difficult for students to learn on their own but tend to be overlooked by codecademy.com and codeschool.com.  It's also nice to see him making occasional errors in the code because that humanizes the learning experience.  The biggest bonus, however, is his interviews with the "star programmers" / language developers.  These interviews make the student feel like he's already part of an "elite" albeit in a nascent cocoon phase.  Before I forget, I also think the videos of the international office hours are far more important than one would initially imagine in forging a sense of MOOC camaraderie that would otherwise be absent--being a MOOC student can be lonely experience.  The video snippets also serve to provide a moment of respite from the assignments.
Excellent course to take you through the basics of data structures, by the end I was confident in my ability to complete the assignments due to the similar / building nature of how the lessons / assignments start to stack on top of each other.
Excellent Way to learn Python.I am completely new to programming, but able to complete the course with in the time and now I am comfortable with the basics python programming.  Charles made it a simple thing. His way of teaching, taking it step by step is very nice. Assignments are simple and at the same time ensures that we are good to go to next chapter. Support for questions while doing assignments is great.Thanks to University of Michigan for allowing us completing assignments as well, without payment. This is very great. Giving chance to every one to complete assignments and in addition providing support during assignments is actually shows the social commitment of University that education should be available to every one .
A really great course that gave me a solid grounding for using Python to retrieve specific data.  It was basic enough for me--a first time programmer--to understand, yet challenging enough for me to actually get to the point of --Wow, I am actually really programming!
Python Data Structures is a great course for anyone who is interested in learning computer programming. The concepts taught here are very relevant to the field of Computer Science and apply to any programming language. The fact that this course uses Python for teaching programming is not a limitation, but rather a boon for students who may be intimidated by other programming languages. Python is easy and very fun to learn. It is also utilized by many large companies for things such as data analysis and modeling, so developing a fluency with Python is a valuable skill.Dr. Chuck speaks and teaches well, and he is very enthusiastic about the subject of Computer Science. My favorite thing about him is that he shows multiple examples during lectures. It also helps that he knows how to relax and have fun at times. I highly recommend him to any student!
I found the course and teaching method very comprehensible for a beginner (like me) and other interested students. I have learned quite much within a short time, though needed to persist and allocate learning time. I am beginning to fill confident in working my way around with python and using recommended tools (notepad++, python, snipping, using interactive python through cmd prompt), after series of writing, testing and correcting my codes prior to submitting my course assignments. In conclusion, I am feeling confident and will continue to build this confidence by taking upcoming courses. Thank you Dr Charles Severance for such inspiring and comprehensive lesson. I look forward to continuous learning in up-coming courses, and an opportunity to meet!
this class covered what i find to be very confusing topics. After this class i feel that i have a working knowledge of these topics. The class was challenging and the exercises were also challenging.
wonderful, not only do I learn python, but I learn about computers/IT in general in a fun way!
A very easy one. Perfect for beginners in Python learning.
I THANK YOU SIR FOR PROVIDING ME SUCH BEAUTIFUL MATERIAL.
Professor Severance makes learning Python easy and fun!
Amazing and really good for a novice
Wonderful experience! Dr. Chuck is the best professor I've met on the Coursera, he is really enthusiastic about teaching and made me enthusiastic about learning! I have learned python before, I originally just want to use this course as a review, but Dr. Chuck did teach me a lot. First of all, it's a perfect beginning level course for python, it gave me a solid review in a relatively short period of time, it also gave me more insight on python, other areas of computer science, even on the career. I have never seen a professor post like an officer hour, a tour, a meeting with other experts in computer science, and the most surprising and exciting one - Graduation Ceremony! I can't conceal my appreciation for Dr. Chuck, I'm hoping to meet him and talk with him someday in the future.
This course was an excellent experience for me. In my opinion, Dr. Chuck is a very creative and brilliant teacher. I think being a teacher is one of the most difficult professions in the world, but being a great online teacher is even more difficult. Nevertheless Dr Chuck has proved that this is possible. He makes that every student who takes his classes fall in love with Python, and want to learn everything about it. Also he gives us all the information and the tools we need to understand each leccion and to make all the excersices in the course. He invents different ways to motivate his students, such as all the interviews to famous IT people, and the meetings with fellow students of Coursera. I'm very greatfull for this experience, thanks to Coursera and thanks to Dr. Chuck.
Chuck is still a
great lecturer. Its a pleasure to listen and watch him. I am lucky
for the chance.But, *some grunting*
if first course was Hogwarts-like, second was definitely  in
Azkaban-manner.It seems as Chuck
was kidnapped from his cozy study, devoid of his fave thermo-mug and
such like, he was placed in some dark something. So even Chuck became
not so happy self, imho. Some Azkaban-notes one can see in The Course
N2. Just look at the paper-glass in hands of the professor. 
Tuples-week seemed
to me was read in hasty manner. From 14:46 it was even that Prof was
a bit inaccurate, (chalked too much of stuff on the screen and one or
two other things).Week 7 showed us his
return to his Lares and Penates but the exception imho just proves
the rule.If one asks for my
personal opinion, I vote for Hogwarts, study-lectures without
cameramen tricks and with the thermo-mug. I hope future courses would
be great too. Chuck Rules!
Absolutely awesome course. Dr. Chuck has earned my first internship earning me around 150$ per month at the age of 18. I'm now a python trainer myself at a small organisation.
Excellent explanation. Professor Charles kept the course from being monotonous. Learnt in depth about reading from file, sorting dictionaries and appending lists. Looking forward to learn more courses
I just love Mr. Charles. I honestly appreciate the effort he put into making the graduation video. Truly encouraging students to learn more was really moving. Thanks so much for this course, Charles.
Dr. Chuck is the most encouraging and entertaining teacher I have ever met!!! He really makes learning about computer and programming easy and fun! I really enjoyed his lectures and I cannot believe learning programming can be such a pleasure! Most importantly, Dr. Chuck intentionally included many mistakes in his teaching materials. As a self-taught programmer who has struggled on one's own, I believe this is the most valuable part of the lectures. The students get to understand from the very beginning how to read error messages and tracebacks, how to debug, how not to be intimidated by mistakes and failures, and how to become a confident programmer. This should be THE teaching model for programming in any language!Thank you, Dr. Chuck! And I look forward to learning more from you in our follow-up courses!
I am very happy to have finished this course. I learned a lot from him. I did not like Python. I thought it was not interesting to learn this language, but I was wrong. Today I strongly recommend learning more this language because it can help you a lot with your simple way of solving things. Thanks to all of you who have made this course possible.
It was able understand the basics of data structures easily and work out the assignments.
This is the second course in the Python for Everybody specialization, and corresponds to the second half of the previous course of the same name. As with the first course (Getting Started with Python), I found Dr. Chuck's thorough approach to the material to be likely to be very approachable for a beginning programmer. I have some experience with Python, including the previous course and a course in the Genomic Data Science specialization, and I have a fair amount more experience programming using R, so I found this course very easy.The course introduces the common data structures in Python (lists, strings, files, dictionaries, tuples) and the functions used to manipulate them. Dr. Chuck does an excellent job of introducing each piece, although the course is a bit light on practice problems, and there are probably better resources for actually getting comfortable using these on a regular basis. The book "Learn Python the Hard Way" and the EdX course from MITx (6.00.1x) are supposed to be two of the best resources out there. I recently bought the first and enrolled in the second, so I'm hopeful that they will help me to become as comfortable programming in Python as I am in R.Overall, four stars. A gentle introduction to data structures in Python, but a little light on the exercises needed to become really proficient in using them.
Absolutely amazing course!! The instructor, Dr. Charles
Severance (popularly known as Dr. Chuck), is a very jolly and knowledgeable
instructor. Just like in the previous course Programming for Everybody (Getting
Started with Python), he has explained everything to the highest level of
detail, and his main aim is to make everyone understand what he teaches, even
someone who does not have a major computer/programming background. He has
prepared great examples which help you understand every line of code, and help
you apply them in your applications. Dr. Chuck insists upon you learning what
every small detail is, and why it exists, which I like very much being an
engineer, and everyone will like. The difficulty of the course is also very
appropriate, i.e., every assignment is not very basic and straightforward, but
not impossible, and is challenging and makes your brain work, a process in
which you learn how to apply your programming skills to different cases as per
requirement. Completing each exercise gives you great levels of satisfaction of
having achieved something, learned something new. So, overall this course is a
great pleasure to take and I am very much satisfied and very happy to have
taken the time to complete this course, it is worth it!! Thank You for
reading!! :) :D
I can compare this class to the Coursera class that I took from Rice University, fundamentals of computing. On the negative side, the problems offered in this class are pretty easy to solve with minimal effort. On the positive side, in my opinion, the class does not focus at all on games or making a game. While I like the idea of working on a larger project, the video game approach used by Rice University was not very useful for me. This class and the series will give you a pretty solid understanding and background with regards to very fundamental concepts in programming and computer science and it will be done in a way that is very easy to understand. I like the way that it builds on itself with regards to the complexity. Is it easy? Yes, it's pretty easy but Computer Science is a pretty tough subject and this is a great introduction. Charles Severance is an excellent lecturer and he gives a great deal of context and helped me to really understand some key concepts in Computer Science. As an engineer, this will help me a great deal in my job.
The single most important piece of information I can pass for potential learners of this course is this :Remember in high school/college/university when you had that one professor who, regardless of the topic he taught, was able to make you laugh, learn and keep you interested no matter what ?This is the caliber of Dr. Charles Severance. This person is just born to teach people and does it in an effortless manner. I have a scientific educational background and an engineer's degree, and he ranks among the very best teachers I've come across, even though I never met him which is somewhat ironic :)Regarding the course in itself, content is to the point,the pace is good, quizzes are very nice, assignments are well balanced in terms of difficulty and the worked exercices are very useful. I honestly don't think there is a better online source for learning Python Data Structures than this one.Right after writing this review, I'm going to look up another course by him and won't think twice about enrolling.Happy learning !
That programming course is just awesome for both the beginner and the intermediate learners. I think, it will be helpful for almost all types of learners. From that course the starting of the journey of programming is really good. There one can learn the upper basic and uses deeply of programming as well as the variables, operations, the statements, iterations, conditions, break-continue statements, loops, functions etc and specially i've learnt the data structures, different applications, problem solvings etc and the dictionary, tuples, lists are highly mentioned here. The professor here is awesome teachers and he teaches us such way to make more teachers or instructors. So, that course help me to learn the basic and it has increased the interest in me. I highly recommend to start programming, specially python programming. And start the journey of programming world. And I hope the next courses will be such helpfull. So, wish you a very happy programming.
I loved the way Dr. Charles Russell has teach me in this course  This course builds on the first course: ' Python for everybody' and covers chapters 6 - 10 of the open source book 'Python for Everybody' by Charles Severance. The course is open source as well and together with the ppt-presentation and video's guides you through the main applications of Python. The teaching approach is down-to earth, building on the already acquired knowledge from previous chapters. Each assignment uses a ' real-world' example and allows for trial and error, building on the learning-experience.That said, the instructor, Charles Severance, does a proper job in taking students through the course chapters in a light-hearted and optimistic manner. This course, as a non-native English speaking mature student with little experience in programming and IT, took me approximately 6 - 12 hours of study per week. I would advice this free course to everyone with an interest in Python.
i love this course, and as i keep progressing in python, these courses will be more and more useful and fun. the course offers assignments, which give yo clues on where to start, but not too much so that it would be easy. the teacher, Dr.chuck is very nice and is a fun and great teacher. there arent an overwhelming amount of videos a week, and if a person were to work hard, they could finish the course in almost a week(they would not learn much though...). the skulpt, or python playground is a very nicely designed platform for simple codes that are done in this course and the first, and the community and mentors are very helpful when it comes to having a hard problem in the assignment. overall, i give this course as many stars as i can! this is because since i am only a 11 year old in middle school, i can still understand and pass the course! thank you for having me in the course and i hope to succeed in later courses in the specialization! :)
This course is a breath of fresh air
before i didnt know any programming language , I didn't have any idea then I knew about this course. Coursera gave me this opportunity to avail this course for free in COVID 19 . I am greateful to them for giving me this opportunity . I am able to utilize my home quarentine days and make it productive by getting started learning python as my first programming language. I am greateful to my course instructor Mr. Chuck . I saw him as an amazing person who doesn't really act like a traditional teacher  or faculty member , He's style of teaching python is really interesting . Its a lifetime opportunity doing this course. It not just give you a set of instruction only , it knows how would you feel how would you become frustrated during learning period and then shows the way up too . I am feeling more interested learning more of python. After all Its just getting started and learning never ends
This is the second course in the python for everybody
specialization. I must say, it's been an interesting moment from course 1 to 2
and I intend to go all the way to next one. The areas covered include: Lists,
Tuples, Dictionaries and they were touched upon as exhaustively as possible and
Dr. Chuck lesson was very impressive. The assignments were something to be
serious with and look up to.  The videos were very interesting and straight forward but
most of all, there is no unnecessary material in this course(stuffs like how
the hash function works). However, I must warn prospective learners that the
course builds upon course 1 of the specialization they shouldn't quit at this
point. I therefore, recommend this course to anyone who's done with course 1 and
also anyone who understands the basic syntax of the python programming
language, to move a bit further.
This is a very good course and this is a very useful course for learning python. I completed the previous course in this specialization and found this course which was following and I found this course very useful and easy after completing the previous one. If I did not take my time in the previous course, I am sure that I would have gone crazy by looking at the first lecture of this course because this needs the basic understanding of python for progressing. In a short and overall manner, I loved this course and I would recommend all my friends to participate in this specialization and grow their knowledge. Thank You Dr. Charles Severance, my instructor, all the teaching staffs, University of Michigan and Coursera for making this great course available for people like me to learn new things. Thank you
This is one of the best course you can take if you want to learn programming for fun.
This course primarily focuses on programming and it will help you to introduce you with python data structures.
The exercises are beginner friendly and you will enjoy while solving them. Quizzes are also good and help to understand everything.
The main part of the course is an instructor. Believe me Dr. Chuck is the one of the best teacher you can ever learn from. Their way of  explaining complicated concepts in easy way is very good. Their explanation will simplify most of the things and soon python will be your favorite language.
I will not recommend this course if you are not new into python data structures. Also if you are student and want learn python along with logic, this course might disappoint you.
First of all, I would like to thank the instructor, Prof. Chuck! for such a wonderful course. It was nicely designed and all the concepts were well explained.  It would be great if Prof Chuck tries to include the following points (people like me with a scientific background would find it very helpful):I would like the instructor to explain that in what respect python is different from other languages. Particularly I'm interested in the scientific computing aspects of Python. What are the differences between a scripting language and a programming language? I've heard Python is not suitable for scientific programming as it is slow compared to Fortran or C. Is it true? If so why? Thanks in advance! Wish Prof Chuck all the best!
The class was really wonderful! Dr. Chuck does such a good job explaining the concepts, with slides and video mixed together, that you don't even have to watch the videos multiple times. (if you're paying attention and taking occasional notes) I would recommend the certificate track because it came in handy on a couple of occasions when I had questions. Speaking of, I'd like to throw a shout out to Tamara Brunnock, a member of the teaching staff, for routinely answering my silly questions in the forums. Without her help, I would not have been as successful in this class. The class showed me exactly how data is structured in python and what built in functions we can use to work with lists, dictionaries, and tuples.
Professor is great, and the course gives a thorough introduction to python data structures and isn't too hard to get. The only reason that I would give 4 stars is because the assignments and exercises. Each chapter you only get 1 or 2 codes to write, which can be easily adapted from the codes showed online. I'm hoping for variety of coding exercises to better understand the concepts. Since coding problems suitable for your stage is not easy to find out there on the internet. After completing this I can get a superficial understanding of the course materials, but right now it's still difficult for me to write a simple code using the knowledge covered in this lecture. You need to find your own source to practice.
I am really enjoying the way the Dr Chuck teaches this
class. Lots of thing he uses or mentions about are useful to other very
relevant areas as well. He always focuses on the key point of his chapters. I
am just a chemistry student, but I think Python program is more and more useful
in science research. The examples in Dr Chuck's course improves my ability to
ready codes light years of way. I also like his great sense of humor, which
makes me much relax in a difficult course. One of the best things about him is
that he will demonstrate why some of the codes do not work and how to debug
them. I definitely will recommend this course to my fellows and I really look
forward to completing the upcoming sections.
This course is a great introduction to Python. As a person with limited previous experience in MATLAB, I enjoyed this course even more than the previous one, Getting Started with Python. There were more new things to learn and I found watching the lectures at 1.25x to be the perfect pace. The assignments are concise and a nice bit of hands on learning without taking up much time. Dr. Chuck is pretty funny and makes you feel like you are totally capable of tackling Python. I only wish the grader was available on quizzes for people auditing the course - you can read them but you can't submit. Beggars can't be choosers, but I would happily click through some ads in order to do so! Overall: excellent course.
Python data structures is the second course of "python for everybody" and I learned more from this course. I think I get closer to Python after this course. Now I clearly know what string, file, list, dictionary and tuple are and know how to use them properly. Plus, at the end of this course, finally I have understood the case which was shown at the beginning of the course. It was an amazing experience that after your perseverance and  diligence of learning Python, you understand something you don't understand before. Last but not least, Dr. Chuck is a very excellent instructor and he can vividly show cases and important knowledge points. I'm very glad I can learn a lot from his online course.
It is a great course with an awesome lecturer! This course is great place to start learning about python.The lectures are short easy to understand and there are assignments to enchance your coding skills,you mgiht not get the code right the first time but by coding ,testing trail and error ,you will be able to code using python.You have access to some great programmers talking about computer languages in the bonus section and they can really inspirational if you are aspiring to be like them.You code even if you don't have desktop computer or laptop because they provide a program to let you code on the website to complete your assignments but they insist you download python and work with it.
Very engaging! If you're a coder in any other language, this and the previous course will be enough to get you useful in Python. Resist the temptation to breeze through it: you'll learn a lot more if you pay attention. I did.If you're completely new to programming, I recommend you look at the worked examples before tackling the programming assignment. That and a careful review of the lecture material will get you through. Also if you get anything less than 100% in the quiz, that's a clue that you might benefit from taking a break and then watching the lecture again before tackling the main assignment.The lecturer is engaging and makes the material accessible. I wish I taught so well. :)
Nice course! I am a beginner in Python. Now I am being able to write my own functions and learn about the data structure. The video tutorials are pretty straightforward and instructions were provided to scope the problem. The graded assessments truly tested our skills in Python. Though some problems seemed very simple and similar to those that appeared in the lessons, many were quite difficult and involved critical thinking and problem-solving. I have access to all the code used in the lesson exercises which make the graded assessments easier to complete and follow along with. Once again, great course, and I recommend it for the beginners looking into computer science and programming.
Course Level - Beginner. My Level - Beginner with course studied in University for C, C++, Assembly language. Lecturer - Dr. Chuck is knowledgable in Python, he is professional in teaching, he is insightful in learning, he is a fun and kind person. Cost - the monthly subscription is worth for me as I almost took one course a week. If you believe you can commit that amount of time per week, then this cost is super low for you. Next for me - I will be learning the next few courses under this Python for Everybody specialization.  And after this specialization, would go on with more data science course.  So I would like to invite all of you to start and continue learning together.
The course provides all the content you need to learn as a beginner in python. Once you learn everything you also need to workout on your own.. i did it. i spent just an hour after learning each module and then practiced it, went through material and understood. The material is very easy to understand, instructor is very friendly and never makes any of the course classes boring! If you are planning to take any course on python, i strongly recommend this course. I really enjoyed it. It was more like a friendly discussion rather than a regular college class hearing some boring content.I sincerely wanted to thank the Instructor Dr. Chucks for providing this course and content!
Excellent course focused on strings, files, lists, dictionaries and tuples making a clear reference to how these can be used to analyse data. This is probably the first time when I finally understood when we should use lists, dictionaries and tuples as I always had them all mixed up :) This proves excellent teaching skills  of Dr. Chuck  as it is a challenge to explain these things to "newbies"/"dummies" but also for those who already had a taster before to make sure it's all well understood. This is a second course in the specialization and together with the first one is setting a very good base for more complex assignments that will be discussed in the following courses.
I am really happy to be in this course and more happier to have a teacher like Dr.Chuck! Every Student must have a teacher if not  a parent like Dr.Chuck who enacts to be the teacher of their kid. The way he teaches is so interactive and he is so cheerful and supportive from his words. Yeah but I am sad cz' I cant afford myself a certificate. I wish I could and some day I will work harder to earn more and earn myself a certificate from Dr.Chuck. Only a few teachers can give you that spark and support like Dr.Chuck. GUYS AND GIRLS don't miss this teacher or u may regret it! CZ' the course will then be just a walk in the park under the guidance of Dr.CHUCK! Thank You Sir.
The course of Python Data structures offered on coursera by University of Michigan is a nice course followed by Getting Started with Python. In this course you will get almost enough knowledge in python to write some good code, like you can access files on the computer and extract something out from that. Instructor is particularly very nice and frank type of person. He teaches the course in such a way  that you will not feel any pressure of anything during the course. Assignments are also easy even if they look hard at first sight. Everything follows from his lecture, so listen to his lectures carefully and I swear you will not feel boring during any lecture.
I really enjoyed every minute and every assignment I have passed during the course. Dr. Chuck is really cool and awesome instructor. I am really looking forward to take another course from him. I also liked how the vides are and their style of teaching, especially office hours are amazing. I hope Dr. Chuck will come Madrid or Istanbul so I can finally meet him. Assignments are a bit challenging which is super good for learners to always be able to repeat what we have learned along the videos. To sum up, I can easily say that these two course are definitely two of the bests that I have took, and I really want to continue to the next one as soon as possible.
Anonymous completed this course.
The Python Data Structures course run by Dr Charles Severance has been informative, instructive and overall just great. Having tried to learn Python from a book before and had trouble with it I decided to start Dr Chuck's course, which I can say has really paid off. Dr Chuck provides a casual yet very educational way of teaching, and teaches/guides you through every step of learning the fundamentals of Python programming. I also found the student curated notes catered for the course very helpful for when I forgot something in the lecture.

Overall a fantastic course and I hope to do more of Dr Chuck's courses in future!
The course was perfect for my current circumstances. I have been working for quite some time and wanted to freshen my skill set. These courses fit perfectly into the busy schedules of modern families. I strongly encourage other associates to consider taking the courses as well. They can easily fit into a Sunday afternoon or after work, if not exhausted.The content of the course improved upon the first course, and touched on subjects I was curious about but never completely understood.I plan to take more courses as it develops interests into skills without the HUGE expense and pressure of a degree type program which would not fit into my current life.
This was an excellent course. Professor Severance did a great job of explaining the different data structures available to Python programmers and their best use cases, which is something I was hoping to understand more thoroughly. The exercises are challenging but attainable and always build on what you've learned in class or through other exercises. I felt that the Programming for Everybody class was almost too easy - it certainly wouldn't be for a novice but it is for anyone with programming experience - however, the Python Data Structures is something that everyone but a very experienced Pythonista will benefit from. Highly recommended.
Again, this is an excellent course following the first course in this series. The difficulty rised up a bit, but the course was prompting students to combine what they've learned in the past classes and complete assignments.
Some of the assignments I spent hours on, which was quite uncommon for the first course, but I really gained a lot rewriting and revising my errors in codes. It's less about mastering a programming language but more of learning to think logically like a professional programmer. I enjoyed the feeling of sorting my own brain out.
Thanks for Dr. Chuck and Coursera for such a wonderful course. I will continue the study.
Again, the same review as this specialization courses' first module, just phenomenal. I am a complete newbie to coding, so I am learning a lot, and there is a very enjoyable information overload (if you are into that sort of thing). Plus, I am really getting into enjoying the ecstasy after properly executing a program. I would highly recommend anyone interested in learning Python to take this specialization course. In order to learn better, I keep Command Prompt open on my side, and I keep executing my commands line by line (wherever applicable), and that also is aiding a lot to my learning. I cannot wait for the next module.
Another great class from Coursera and UOM. As someone who did a larger portion of my undergrad and all of my graduate studies online, I am incredibly impressed with the makeup of these courses. The content is well organized. The quizzes and assignments are easy to execute and 100% aligned to the subject matter. During the course of my MS in Decision Analytics, I can't tell you how many times the week's material seemed completely disconnected from the formal tests/assignments. The discussion forum feedback is great and incredibly quick. Excellent experience and great knowledge for the future. Thanks Coursera and Dr. Chuck!
"Python Data Structures"  was the 2nd part of basic python. I am thankful to Coursera and University of Michigan for giving this opportunity. This course was so much enjoyable as previous one. I want to express my gratitude to Dr. Chuck for his great teaching. I am proud to be a part of this course. This course was covered 6 to 10 chapter of the textbook Python for Everybody and I took only 12 days to finish this. Now, I focus on next course "Using Python to Access Web Data" which is beginning of advance python. I hope, that will also as much enjoyable as previous courses, specially when the instructor is Dr. Chuck.
Dr. Chuck is an awesome instructor, the focus of this course is a narrow one, you will learn a lot of things, but will remain oblivious to a wide variety of things outside the focus of this course if you don't do the work to look around the Python community and read up on the various methods and functions available outside of the ones taught in this course. Also, the bonus material at the end of each week is a welcome change of pace that serves to, in a certain way, humanize the community and the instructor more, so that they do not remain mere images and voices on an electronics device. Great course, would recommend.
Fabulous course.  The lectures are good.  Quizzes and assignments have started to be, applying what you've "learned", not just regurgitation.  Very nice.  The bonus material show how the different technologies are related and the genesis of many of them by individuals who participated in then.  Very cool.  Thanks much.  It was most enjoyable.  I also like that you can move at your own pace.  If you're new to the profession, a quick learner or re-tooling, it's move as fast or as slow as you want.  This is been very helpful for myself.  I'm retooling and have become a "college" student again.  Great fun.  Thanks much!!
Anonymous completed this course.
This was a great course! Building data structures was fulfilling and the first time you actually get to see Python do something useful, well more useful than printing out prompts or calculations which a calculator could do faster than you typing the code. Dr. Chuck is a great instructor and he has helped convince me this is where I need to be. I will go back and find another course to better my skills because the few projects you do in this class aren't enough for me... I want to be able to listen to a problem and know exactly how to write a solution in Python.

Thanks Dr. Chuck
The lectures are
  very well structured and the flow of each lectures flows greatreference support and reading material is
  very satisfyingPresentation support such as drawings,
  slides, cartoons is very interestingthe way the lecturer teaches is very
  passionate and very interestingthe speed of the lecturer is suitable to
  my ability to listen and comprehendthe voice and pronunciation are clear and
  easy to understandthe material taught is very useful,
  interesting and up to datethis lecture will be very useful for my
  career in the futurethis lecture will be very useful for real
  life in the future
Very Awesome, robust beginning course in programming that covers a great deal more than I would expect in a beginning course.  Python is so ellagantly simple I think, and that is what allows so much more to be covered relative to what might be covered in other languages.  Plus, the added bonus of Dr. Chuck's HEROIC ICONS of PROGRAMMING interviews are an especially appreciated in their rare, personal view into the mind and personalities of quite a diverse and very awesome developers that started out at some point much like many of us and kind of gives you the hint that ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!  Mark Regan
Took this as "Programming for Everybody"--my very first programming class. Loved it. It was hard from time to time, but well worth it. It's not likely I will do programming for a living, but understanding this medium makes a big difference for me when I encounter issues related to technology, data and the web. I believe everyone benefits from some exposure to the world of programming. And this is by far the best course offered online. This part of the class isn't always easy, especially if one starts from scratch. But persist--the course is so well structured that eventually everything comes together.
This is my second course of the Python Specialization, and I think it covers all the content about the data structure in an easier way and concise. Also, it gives differents strategies to analyse differents types of information and how to obtain specific dates (e.g. explore different ways to extract some datas from Excel or similar files, calculate this data given its information) from the big quantity of these files. I liked this, because you can explore more in detail the different tools that it gives Python and motivate the student to learn and apply these concepts for different applications
A very good course even for a programmer! I was from a C++ background. The way Dr. Charles Severance explains things in a really friendly manner is so easy to understand, it's as if I am learning from a friend instead of an instructor. I breezed through this course so easily. I finished the first course in the specialization in 3 hours, and this one in 2 days. However, this does not mean it's an introductory course. It'll give you deep insights into everything. This course indeed is "Python for Everybody" (focus on 'Everybody').Highly recommended for anyone who wants to learn Python.
It took me like 20 days to finish this course. I not only felt great taking this course, but also I felt like enjoying it. The content, the slides, the assignments is all appropriatedly arranged. Especially, Dr. Chuck is really enthusiastic and interesting, and I guess I can never forget that hilarioius graduation ceremony. Through this course, I learned some basic data structures and dealing with files, and I wish I could learn more about dealing with data and perhaps build a program without instructions. Thanks to The University of Michigan and Coursera, I really gained a lot!
This was my second course in coursera and also programming for everybody. This was a brilliant experience for me. I have come from a totally different background but because of my interest an mostly about how influential the instructor (Dr. Chuck) was and also the whole course all the assignments and the quizes helped me get through this.I will keep learning and will try my best to finsh the whole specialisation course of python as the more I'm getting in the more I'm liking python. and also the comunity the teaching stuff, the studesnts from the forum they are really helpfull.
It was very enjoyable to learn Python in this course.  I have programming experience so it was easy but the way this course was taught compared to other online classes I have taken is exceptional.  It was fun and instructional.  Seeing video of other students around the world and the fun that Dr. Chuck convey throughout the class made it so enjoyable.  Thank you very much to Dr Chuck and all his collaborators on this course.  I look forward to one day to meet Dr Chuck and personally thank you for being who he is a very giving individual and inspiring many others to do the same.
I liked the whole setup of the course as it perfectly matched my learning process and the instructor too was a good teacher and greatly discussed all topics in the lectures and materials. I just felt pretty calm while learning each topic as there weren't any worries or doubts that occurred in my mind. Thanks to the instructor, Dr. Chuck, for creating such a great course.Topics like dictionaries and tuples had created a deep impact on my skills of python as now i find them very useful to solve programming problems. The bonus videos also proved to be informative and interactive.
I have really enjoyed the course. Learning the basics of different data structures helps me appreciate all the python packages I have used before to do some quick analysis. Writing the code helped me to understand the theory better. This course gave me confidence that :1) I can finish a course in Coursera 2) I can code. I have done coding before, but I have been away from it for more than 7 years now.Things to improve: I personally the text editor in the assignments is a bit iffy sometimes. The same piece of code works sometimes and doesn't other times. Or may be it's just me!
I loved this course, maybe even more than the foundational course. Dr Chuck is really funny and gives good examples that help new information stick better in the mind. The mentors are also very helpful with their comments and timely in their responses. I also appreciate that previous forum posts by past students remain accessible, so we can try to find if someone else in the past has had the same problem before, so we can try to figure out how to solve our problems ourselves. I am very grateful that Dr Chuck and all else involved have taken time to teach this particular MOOC.
I found this to be a great introduction to python data structures. The way everything was explained made them easy to understand and, even as someone with a little bit of python experience, there were new things to learn. Videos and explination were all understandable and the excercises were, in my opinion, a good challenge and helped reinforce the things you learned in the lectures. I reccomend this course to those looking to learn python and, specifically, to those who completed the first part in this 5 part course or want to learn more about lists, tuples and dictionaries.
The level of detail and varied resources in this course were great. You have access to really well-done written material in a physical or e-book, you have the course videos, which are engaging and dynamic, and the instructor is animated and "real" for lack of a better word; he explains stuff rather than just giving a demo of the capabilities of the language. And then you have quizzes and real exercises to practice. It's the exercises that really help me, because I learn by doing. These were difficult enough to provide a challenge, but not impossible or frustratingly complex.
It was an exceptional and amazing journey, I had not expected that tutors on Coursera are that much experts, they are fluent and know what they are doing and not even single time he hesitated. Great Job, Sir if you are reading my review, I just wanted to hug you. I have a request can you please make a course on JavaScript. I am a very enthusiast of javascript, but I haven't found that much good teacher, whom I could understand. Mine concepts regarding this course are crystal cleared. Thumbs Up, I hope you stay safe and happy always. An inspired student, M.Zubair
I rated this class 5/5 because the instruction, content, resources, and pacing are all excellent, and this course is true to its description.  Highly recommended for anyone who has taken Python for Everybody (Getting Started in Python).  These two courses are a best match for someone learning their first programming language.  Learning with Professor Severance is fun, in bite-sized pieces, and with just enough challenge to keep you engaged and moving forward without getting discouraged.  Professor Severance has mastered teaching programming at scale.  Thank you!
Dr. Chuck makes the 2nd course easy to follow after the very first intro to Python basics. The exercises are more complex but all the info has been given to solve them. I've learned that even though we are at the very beginning of knowing a programming language we can keep going. Maybe I'll try what Dr. Chuck says and have another intro python class and when I'm more comfortable I might join a programming camp, so I can switch job. Definitely this course made clear that I like learning about programming and I'll continue learning with Coursera and Dr. Chuck.
OK, things are getting real! Now you start to see the power! In terms of difficulty, the difference between this and the first course was quite big. I enjoyed it, but I made the mistake of not dedicating enough time and not doing enough extra examples. If you really want to get the most out this course and get to know python, then this course will make you realize that you're going to have to put in some time and keep it fresh. Otherwise, the list comp side of it and how to manipulate structures is not going to come easy ... trust me. Still, very cool.
This 2nd course of Python specialization (Python Data Structure) really made me love Python and coding in general. Dr. Chuck has taught so well that literally all my doubts got clear till the end of the course. If you want to learn python than there is no better medium and course to learn it from than Python for everybody specialization. Also the teaching staff (TA) is very helpful ,all the doubts or problems that get posted on discussion forums get answered within reasonable time and they don't ignore anyone, each and everyone's posts gets responded.
Really great course for someone who has no (or little) programming experience. It was amazing how quickly we were able to write code that actually accomplished something. Dr. Chuck is a great professor and explains the concepts very well. His passion is contagious - I'm really excited to learn more Python and more programming! At the end he also gives great tips on what to do next - how to pursue Python and computer science, how to approach getting a job, or how to use what you've learned at your current job. You have nothing to lose - take the class!
while there were parts of this course that I struggled with, there were really good forums(mods) to help me guide me in the right direction. while they don't give you an answer they do guide you in the right way to help you complete the assignments. I liked the pace of the course as it has broken down in very easy to understand videos.After completing the course I felt that I had a better understanding of what was covered int he course and when looking back at my notes and some earlier video laugh at how much I have learnt over the last week or so
Dr Charles is really a good teacher in Python. His presentation skills are encouraging for beginners like me in this particular language and it is also enjoyable. I was struggling to learn this language and have searched for several resources online but none of them were able to make me comprehend the basics of Python. I am happy that I have come across this course taught by Dr Charles. I have already completed the first two of the specialization and hoping to continue with the remaining ones which will help me gain valuable skills in Python.
Well structured course.  After completing the first course it is safe to play the video lectures at x1.5 speed and still absorb the material.  The course can be completed in a day or two over a weekend.  Be prepared, most of the assignments deal with parsing string data but I found it to be an excellent way to get used to syntax structure of loops and data structures.  The professor works through the assignments after you have completed them and that presents a great opportunity to check the efficiency of your code compared to a professional.
The instructor has made learning Python structures more enjoyable and digestible. Each exercise is a buildup of the previous knowledge. Every concept is interconnected, and as we get deeper into Python, data structures are ever more important. They are the basic building blocks. As a  learner, I have discovered Python isn't as simple as the instructor has made it to look. And this is a nice thing because it keeps me going and wanting to learn further. I like the way the lecturer has focused on imparting the basics upon which I can polish.
Very good. Two suggestions from my point of view would be: First, it would be even better if some flashes/animated films be used to illustrate the logic behind python programming. The trace of the electronic pen seems a little bit hard to catch sometimes. Also, as a learner who doesnt live in the US, I sometimes find a few American English words/slangs hard to understand, for example blast off and histagram? Although I can guess what they mean, but still it would be better if more International English can be used in the course.
As the second course in the specialization, I continue to find the material covered to be useful and fairly easy to learn. Between the first and second course, I feel like both courses were able to lay and build upon a foundation of knowledge with each chapter covered. I did find the second course to be a little more difficult, but one would expect this with the addition of more code learned. However, I still felt like the graded exercises weren't too difficult to complete as a beginner to Python. Can't wait to enroll in the next course!
Before this course, I have had many bad experiences in learning coding, so I hated codingbut while I am surfing the internet and I read about image processing, machine learning, ...etcI found me interested in these fields but I found that I have to learn Pythonso I decided to take this coursenow,I love Python, the instructor (Dr. Chuck) teachs python in very simple way and he is amazingnow, I can say that I took the first step to start in my goal to learn more advanced application of PythonThank you Dr. Chuck for this amazing experience
Chuck is an amazing professor. It's engaging and fun. I have had sooo many professors that make you fall asleep, but this guy is just amazing.The course is easy if you have done anything with coding before and is a good simple starting point for everyone that hasn't done any coding yet and wants a first good introduction to it.The course plus some googling helped me write a script to automate a pretty tedious task at work. And that's exactly what's so amazing about it. Python can be used for anything and any industry, job, etc.
The professor explains very well, especially for beginners, to understand the concepts, and picks out on areas where we usually mess up the most. Areas that beginners wouldn't be able to notice if no one directly told us about, and will spend another few hours trying to debug the codes. The slides are also prepared very well, it helped visualise the output of the problem we are trying to solve. Overall, will definitely recommend this course to beginners or those that need a refresher on the basics and data structures of Python.
This course is amazing and teaches some really cool stuff that you can do with data structures. There are three basic data structures that the course touches on: lists, dictionaries, and tuples. In addition, the chapter on files puts together pieces of information that you learned in the previous course on getting started with Python. What makes this course fun is that it provides the right amount of theoretical information with contextual examples to help illustrate the concepts. Overall, I highly recommend taking this course.
Short lectures, good notes, and the assignments and quiz ensure you understand the material very well.  Although it was more difficult than part 1, I still found everything very easy to digest and understand. Would definitely recommend to beginners or someone looking to learn programming in Python. For a more in depth general understanding of Computer Science, Take CS50 on EDX. That course is very challenging. I'm taking both at the same time and although different languages (C and Python), they serve as a nice counter balance.
The course is great and Dr. Chuck is incredible. I started the course 
with high hopes, trying to learn something during the pandemic and 
completely fell in love with programming, I'm an undergrad physics 
student and although I love physics more than programming I feel like 
this is a path I want to keep pursuing, I'm sure that what I've learned 
and will learn will be extremely useful in my field, thanks Dr. Chuck, 
thanks for introducing me to the world of programming an giving the 
initial tools to finally get started.
Very clear.  The thing that separated this from other python is that he shows non-trivial uses of the code, so when you learn about things, you understand how and why they are used, not just the syntax.  For example, I've taken a couple intro courses that were not as good as this.  I knew what a tupple was, but there was never a really good explanation of why they would be used, and that limited my understanding of them. There were concrete use cases for this and all other content.  I can't recommend this course enough!
This is the second course in the Python for Everybody specialization. The course is really structured for beginning programmers, but programmers experienced in other languages will find it useful as well.Dr. Severance (Dr. Chuck) does an excellent job of making the concepts clear and understandable. The exercises included in the course are somewhat limited, however. I strongly recommend using outside activities (Dr. Chuck provides a few sources) to reinforce basic syntax and methods, as you will be using them often.
I learned a lot from this course. Between paying attention to indentations and understanding why certain lines of code need to exist to make the proper output happen. I absolutely love Dr. Chuck and the staff (specifically Tamara Brunnock). I really enjoy that the mentoring provided helps push your thought process to the extreme and allows you to actually learn and understand whatever it is you're struggling with. I love this course, I love the people and I'm super happy that I was able to accomplish what I did.
Great course!  I've just finished it. I did the one before this as well, and I intend on keep going with the specialization in Coursera. I learned a lot in this course and already was able to apply what i learned in a "real world problem" (or rather a project of mine). It teaches the basics very well and has a lot of exercises in just the right complexity for being able to apply everything learned without feeling lost nor feeling like it's too simple. I highly recommend it if you want to get started with Python!
A very wonderful follow up to the first course in this specialization.  Each topic is presented in a way that is clear to understand.  Assignments increase slightly in difficulty, but are still very do-able.  And the graduation ceremony at the end is a nice touch as well. Overall, very satisfied with this specialization so far.  Feel like I've got a good handle on fundamental programming concepts now, and am excited to continue on to the next course!  Thanks so much to everyone who makes these courses possible!
To be very frank, I was dubious about concepts of python,which I gathered from many other python teaching platforms, when I was enrolling this course.I already had taken an introductory course of python before from the same course provider. Mr : Charles is indeed an excellent teacher. I find it relatively simple and easily understandable, when he explains the concepts . He is being crystal clear in his teachings and I would like to thank him for that. Very well explained and helped me a lot. Thanks a lot sir
The Python Data Structures course run by Dr. Charles Severance has been informative, instructive and overall just great. Having tried to learn Python from a book before and had trouble with it I decided to start Dr. Chuck's course, which I can say has really paid off. Dr Chuck provides a casual yet very educational way of teaching and teaches/guides you through every step of learning the fundamentals of Python programming.Overall a fantastic course and I hope to do more of Dr. Chuck's courses in the future!
Again, Dr. Chuck has given a fantastic extension of the introduction into Python. In this course we learn the basics of actually managing some simple data - the mind begins to tick over with possibilities. The course is delivered in a fun and lighthearted manner, with examples and anecdotes, and presented in a manner that is engaging and motivating for those who are taking this course online. Definitely a fantastic course and I highly recommend it to anyone looking to making the jump into coding and Python.
First of all I would like to thanks Dr chuck for such a wonderful graduation ceremony. 
This course is wonderful. I am a mechanical engineer, doing phd. Machine learning is a part of my phd work,so i started learning python programming. Before joining the course i was thinking that python might very difficult and i was do not having any programming backgound, but Dr chuck made it so easy. Thank you coursera for this course. Its a wonderful opportunity to learn python on coursera by Dr chuck. 
all the best
This course is a little bit tougher and tedious than the first one within the specialization. This is due to the contents themselves, which are basic and a bit boring. However, they are quite important since are the building blocks for future tools and apps to be developed using Python. Luckily, Dr. Chuck makes it quite easy and bearable, as always. So it is not difficult at all to complete the course (Dr Chuck rules!). So, you should have already signed up for the course. Came on, you are running late!
The course is very good for someone starting out Python programming. The course is well structured and the quizzes and programming assignment are based on what is taught in the class. The course talks about inbuilt data structure in Python such as strings, lists, dictionary and tuples.  At the end of every week there is a Bonus Section, which is fun.
The conversation with Rasmus Lerdorf (inventor of PHP), Brendan Eich (Javascript) , John Resig (JQuery) and Douglas Crockford (JSON) is simply awesome.
The course is so awesome! As usual, concepts are very well explained by using good examples. I have also taken Dr.Chuck's Python for Everybody course. I am a beginner in learning Python and have some programming experience from my school's class.  Honestly these two courses together have helped me most in understanding and using Python. I have also taken some other Python courses but these two really are the best for me. You can start from scratch and then build up step by step. Strongly recommend!
Wow. The whole course was awesome! I really like the hands-on approach you chose to build this course around. I completed several Bootcamp, but I find;t even know how to open a file and create something valuable. But now I know how to read files, parse them, extract data, sort it and print as valuable information. The end of this course was absolutely amazing - I was watching the graduation ceremony with a wide smile on my face thinking how lucky I am having a chance to learn from Professor Chuck.
Python data structures is an excellent course that i would recommend, if any one is interested in learning python. Each and every topic was clearly explained by Dr. Charles Severance.Each week has an assignment which provides a good practice for what we learn in that week .I would most likely recommend this course to everyone.Also, I appreciate Tamara Brunnock and other teaching staff help in clarifying quick questions in assignments. I committed to complete the 5 course specialization of Python
Great experience as a hobbyist. My first Coursera course that I actually managed to complete. Graded Assignments are very good, they test a student in most areas and probe alternate ways of writing code.Professor is great, love the tea toast and the graduation hat :). Thank you Professor Severance for this wonderful course.Only one feedback: The Quizzes are way too easy and in most cases doesn't require any critical thinking on the part of the student. The complexity needs to be increased a bit.
It's an awesome class, although got stuck in the experiences for much of time. And the discussion forum is not very helpful, since everyone's strategy is very different and there were  not similar to what I encountered. And not allowed to post codes is totally understood, but didn't find a good way to communicate with the TA without posting my codes. Hope there is a way to solve this. In spite of what I wrote, I've learned a lot from the class, Thank you very much to Dr. Chuck and the TA!
Dr. Chuck is the most outstanding professor I have ever seen. He is very kind and patient. The course contains the basic algorithm and data structures in Python. Although it will sounds very difficult to get involved in, I feel very comfortable to watch the lecture and finish the quiz and assignments. This course is very helpful for me to develop the big picture of programming. I look forward to finish the series of Python course instructed by Dr. Chuck. I really appreciate his guidance.
Python is my second Programming Language, after Java. And after doing the two courses, I am pretty confident about the fact that this is now my Favorite programming language. The course was amazing, fun, informative and very helpful. It took me two days (6-7 hours in total) to complete this course. I could manage to stick to it because it was fun and easy. It covered the essentials quite adequately. I look forward to complete more such courses and start working on projects using Python.
Dr. Chuck's Python sequence here on Coursera is a MUST TAKE for anyone interested in programming.  In the second course, I found the content much more applicable to the kinds of data problem solving that I encounter in my work and understanding how to read files of data and turn those into usable data structures to manipulate the information found within is invaluable regardless of your profession.Keep up the great work and I am looking forward to taking more courses in this sequence!
Dr. Chuck is my new favorite teacher. This course is very engaging. I had no prior knowledge of programming but I always wanted to understand how it all works. I really appreciate all the hard work that goes into making these courses. Dr. Chuck makes it easy to understand by breaking it down to the lowest possible levels so even a novice like me could eventually understand and create codes of my own. I definitely would recommend this course to my friends and to all who want to learn.
It is great to go over so many details of Python data structures, learning about how they are regularly used, and some of the caveats of using them, such as learning what kinds of methods each structure has, and how they produce sometimes different datatypes as output. The work was not exhausting, but yet was still challenging. I think the lessons are well designed so that they don't take a large amount of time but still include several concepts at once that need to be balanced.
This course has been one of the best courses i have ever taken on Coursera. The professor was so motivating and cheerful that i was able to complete the course in a span of 5 days, it gave me such a level of confidence regarding my programming abilities that my college wasn't able to give in 3 years. The course content and the problems are top notch for a novice programmer. I'm really looking forward to doing more courses from University of Michigan under Prof.Chuck. Thank You.
Dr. Chuck has been my favorite teacher. I have taken plan to finish all the courses. I didn't see yet any teacher like him in my whole life. He teaches students with fun. Needless to say that no teachers beat him. He is a fantastic man. This course seemed to me awesome, I enjoyed it a lot. I recommend everyone to take this course at least if you are in run out of time. But, the first course of Python Everybody (Specialization) should be taken to understand this course clearly!
Thanks everybody from "Coursera and Michigan" for this course.Special thanks to Dr.Chuck.I did programming in C/C++ in my college days back in 2003.Latter i joined job in telecommunication service industry,where programming skill was not required.In quest to change my carrier I thought of learning PYTHON.Initially I was little worried,will I be able to complete the course, as I was not good at programming.But later realized this is even suited for not so student like me.
Excellent course, Excellent is the word I would use to describe the course. Though I am not a newbee to programming, I am not programming for work since several years. So it really helped me to start with the very basics. The course material is designed with exercises which I could relate to real world application. This made learning even more interesting. 

All in all worth the time I invested and I was able to finish the course much before prescribed time.

Thank you.
Amazing course! Such useful videos by Dr. Severance. Text book is a great extra tool to refer to when studying for the exams and doing the assignments. The teaching staff and mentors are always really helpful on the discussion Forum and it only takes a couple of hours max before receiving a response. This specialisation courses encourages me to learn more about these topics and to prepare me for a masters degree in data science. Thank you team, keep up the good work.
Hello,I was learning the first part of this course. First few days I was not able to understand many things but things changed & now I am more confidently exploring the area of my interest & wandering here & there  on this site as it is my second home. I am really fortunate that coursera & UM provided me this opportunity to get this course. Thank You Coursera & UM for your kind support for students like us who are financially challenged. Thank You, thank you so much.
This part was a little more difficult then the first one.  I would have liked a place to write smaller programs which would help to solidify new concepts since they are a bit more advanced. However have said that I think the assignments were excellent in that they make one think more and make you have to understand what you have been taught  to complete them. Great course that I would recommend highly to anyone wanting to learn Python. Excellent teaching Dr. Chuck
This course is an excellent continuation of 'Getting Started with Python' - all of the lecture material and the content in the provided textbook complement each other well, and the instructors who are there to help in the forums for each class are extremely responsive and supportive. I'm thankful to everyone involved for the introductory information about programming this course provides, and for the sense of playfulness and inclusivity they bring to the material.
The assignments really helped in solidifying what I learned through the video lectures. I was also encouraged to work through them on my own with similar examples provided (walkthroughs), which is the most helpful part. This is one of the best online classes for programming I took. One small improvement they can make is on the software that is used for submitting the assignment. It constantly changes my indents into multiple spaces and gave me errors quite often.
Similar to the first part, this course is amazing. I cannot stop saying that Dr. Chuck is such an engaging professor, such that he really transmits to his students the passion he has for programming. As he says by the end of the course again, this course is extremely helpful for all those who have zero background of programming, as the main purpose is to learn basic foundations and the logic behind, that can be useful when learning other programming languages.
Professor Severance is great. Very clear in his explanations and I really like how each video is an in-depth look at a specific example. The videos also build on one another in a very coherent manner and the assignments are applicable to what you learned. I think the assignments could be a little more challenging and that more references to the book should be included in the lectures as the book is also very helpful and a great primer for each week's material.
Python file operations, most of them dedicated to read the file, parse line by line and implement some sort of manipulation in order to see the application of lists, tuples and dictionaries. Also you will find yourself implementing some string slicing in order to meet the grade expectations. I already knew the data structures that were being applied here so it didn't take more than one hour to complete. It was a nice refresh for some methods I had forgotten.
Video material is great: professor goes to the point while giving appropriate examples and also keeping the class interesting and friendly. Exercises are not just a "copy" paste of the materia, they challenge the student to really solve a problem with the tools given. Also the extra material (free pdf book) is complete and adequate to the course. Moreover, the quizees on each chapter guarantee that the student pays attention to the theory. 100% recommended!
This is the second course of the Python for Everybody track. The lectures are clear, with good examples, and easy to follow. The quizzes and assignments cement new knowledge admirably, and are not insurmountably difficult for the beginner. For those with a background in shell scripting, it's possible to complete the course in a much shorter time, as much of it will be relatively familiar, conceptually. All in all, a great introduction to Python data types.
I generally love programming. Nothing makes me happier than coding. Dr. Chuck class has been brilliant. I really want to meet him and talk to him if I get a chance. His classes are very informative at the same time very entertaining. At the end of this course, he presented us with POV graduation ceremony. This is a huge confidence booster. Dr. Chuck also motivated me to dwell deep into my passion for programming. Thank you Dr. Chuck. Thank you so much.
I am so grateful for this course. I've completed first course of this specialization course. I have been searching for a course like this from a long time ago. When I first started programming I didn't know where to go and what to learn in my first C++ programming. But here in this course our instructor has made it so simple to learn. Thank you for such course. I am looking forward to completing all the courses and get the specialization certificate.
It's really a good course for someone who wants to learn basic of Data Structure wth Python. The assignments were not too difficult but provides good revision and application of what we learned in the course. Also the interview of famous Computer Scientist that the course has was very informative and I sincerely appreciate the effort taken by the Prof. Charles Severance to provides these interview session in this course. Thank you Professor Charles.
This was my favourite course in the specialization, because it required a lot of learning through the assignments.  I loved it! The instructor, the learning material and the assignments were all top class, and just at the right level for a beginner. Maybe as a suggestion - and in hindsight I think this course could do with a few voluntary assignments where one has to use all or most of the skill one had learnt, just to reinforce all the principles.
Following this course has been a very engaging experience. The materials provided to learn (videos, lectures and assignments), as well as the bonus videos, keep one motivated to pursue until the end. I have many times before learning to program online but I failed because the courses were not following a clear structure. With Dr Chuck, now I see the world of programming from a different perspective and I am eager to continue developing my skills.
I took programming course on other platforms before, and I don't know whether it was because those were on Java or because they were really not as good, but with those courses I always felt like I wasn't getting the whole picture, and felt really helpless whenever my code threw an error. So in this course it was super helpful to actually see Chuck write the code, debug it and fix it because that really helped me to get into the process of coding.
I really enjoyed this class.  I have taken a variety of programming courses, and this one just rings true for me.  Professor Severance is an outstanding teacher with an ability to convey meaning to the subject matter being taught.  If I was afforded time and money, I would seek out his classes at the university he teaches at.  I am learning a lot in a way that has real world application.  I can't say enough praise, so accept a humble thank you.
I would describe this course simply saying that the experience in solving the assignments and taking this course by one of the amazing instructors, Dr.Chuck and delving deep into Python feels incredible ! And I strongly feel and believe that Dr.Chuck has this amazing distinctive capacity of making any person madly fall in love with programming and of course Python ! I strongly recommend this course to everyone irrespective of their background.
I liked this course. It taught me a lot of new things; of course, you have to invest time to be able to complete the assignments, and also takes effort to comprehend the topics, but it pays off all your hard work if you want to achieve some knowledge about Python.Also, professor Chuck is a great teacher and easily explains the topics. I appreciated all the effort to share your knowledge with us, and my thanks to everyone who made it possible.
Great! The instructor is unbelievebly comptent, funny and likeable. The structure of the course continues to be excellent, while getting considerabely harder. But the rewarding feeling after having mastered the excercises after every chapter is extremely addicting. And most importantly, I made great progress and feel like I now have the necessary toolkit and knowledge to tackle real tasks. Can't wait to see what the next course has in store.
As I recall the original Introduction to Python Dr. Chuck course which debuted 3 to 4 years back or so, was split into two. So this is is like the 2nd part of the original course (split into 2 as it was deemed slightly overwhelming for beginners). With the properly adjusted pace of this class, even with knowledge of Arithmetic only and NO programming what so ever, you should do well in this class provided you make at least a moderate effort!
Dr. Chuck's courses are amazing. I took other intro to python courses before but got lost pretty soon; but with this one I really understood every bit of it. It is very good that Dr. Chuck shows you how the parts interact with each other using lines (sounds basic, but for someone new into the programming world it is very useful). I really recommend taking this course and the previous one. As for me, Im  planning on taking the next courses.
I never thought I'd ever have this much fun programming. This course is slightly more challenging than the first one, and you will have to(or at least I had to) do some practice to familiarise yourself with the little details. The concepts are made easy to understand thanks to the wonderful Dr.Chuck, but they are similar to each other, so a lot of practice is required to properly remember what commands must be used for what data structure.
I really enjoyed this course.

I already knew some python and this course taught me that I haven't forgot what I've learned in the past.

Now I know that I need to practice more to grow my skills. The 
examples and assignments were just right to reach the desired level of 
knowledge for an almost beginner, as I am.

In the next class I hope to learn how to deal with more real life problems.

See you soon and thank you very much Dr. Chuck!
This is a excellent course, I have been around programs from quite a while, back then if you knew ANSI C you were highly qualified, but now days you need to be fluent in so many languages and frameworks that is easy to get lost in the little details. Dr. Chuck is very dedicated to create a nice experience for those that need to go all over again from other(s) language(s) to Python but also for the fresh minds starting in the SW Dev. world
I am a UG student from a Mechanical Engineering background and I tried to learn programming languages before and I couldn't but now I think I can now do small programs in python and complex one with more practice and the thing I noticed is that compared to other MOOC courses on python few points were missing in this course other than that nothing else and Dr.Charles Severance is an awesome teacher and thank you for teaching this course.
As good as the first course. I am happy that I have got an overview of what python is and how it can be used in day to day situations, thanks to the lecture materials and Dr. Chuck. I wish you a wonderful health and prosperity sir. Lots of gratitude. Secondly, I would like to mention that the book has to be read along with the courses to get even more insights and ideas about the respective topic. Together they make awesome fireworks !
Systematical step-by-step program which can be followed by anyone willing to learn. The lecturer is not only knowledgeable, but also knows how to explain notions and concepts to newbies in a way that you will never be overwhelmed by so many new information. I have attended quite a few courses so far, but with this one I constantly feel a sense of accomplishment and progress making. Chuck and wonderful mentors, thank you for everything!
This is my second course with Dr. Chuck and I love it! The course is very well organized and the instructor explains the material in a perfect way: every lecture is very well structured and the lectures are very consistent. I also thank Dr. Chuck for his general advises about how to learn programming languages and how to use it in life. Either if you are a professional programmer or just use Python for your own purposes.Great course!
The approach that Dr Chuck takes to teaching Python has been the best experience when trying to learn a computer language. Everything he uses are building blocks to other very relevant areas. His book and lectures are very relevant. I have been analyzing data and building business intelligence solutions for years but I always wanted to learn data analysis with Python. Thanks to  Dr. chuck & thanks to coursera to offer me these course
Excellent course on Python data structures. Taught me a number of interesting things I didn't know and gave me a better fundamental understanding of the structures and how to use them effectively. Definitely improved my knowledge and skill with Python and the instructor is awesome. He puts things in very easy to understand terms and is primarily focused on you understanding what's going on and not jargon or rigor. Highly recommended.
I used to be aversive to computational languages and always tried to stay awayfrom them, but the way prof. Chuck teaches has comletely changed my approach. Thank you so much prof. Chuck for considering that there are people who know nothing about rogramming and then designing a course that beautifully caters to their needs. Your teaching style, the content and your funny jokes make the learning process much smoother and interesting!
Dr. Chuck you are awesome.The more i learn the more humbled i about feel how much work you have done just to let every one learn.This is first course i took because i wanted . Here in India its said you pass engineering first then decide what you wanted to learn or become .You have made learning fun . I really like when i have to fight with assessment tool to get my program to pass.  Shaking your hand is on my Bucket List.-Vaibhaw
Dr Chuck does a great job not getting bogged down in the minutiae ... What I would recommend is to capture "what" you're doing as you go with each assignment so that you'll have a resource to return to when you need that code snippet later.  For example:I keep an INDEX.txt in same directory as the assignments.  Here's an example entry:assignment10_2Read file (emails)split for time, then hour (:)histogram of splitsorder by keyHTH!
Definitely  one of the best courses for people with barely programming background. Dr. Severance gives a very detailed explanation to the definition and shows examples step by step, especially the way he guides you to think of a problem. Though it looks quite simple, it gives you a very fundamental thinking to the programming language. Watch the lecture, do the assignment and get more exercise for practice, then you will be good!
The course is great, quizzes weren't only to emphasize the given information but also to advance the theoretical knowledge of Python.what I liked about the course that I had to understand what I'm doing and the code I'm writing although I'm not a super-smart learner I managed and surfed the web to understand more and I still have too much to comprehend but like Prof. Chuck said you can learn and struggle and no shame about this.
Charles Severance is a warm and brilliant teacher who makes learning programming both fun and easy. The information was presented in a way that made it memorable and fairly easy to understand.  I found the assignments in this course adequately challenging, but more importantly - interesting to work on! I am delighted that I picked this course to learn Python, and it makes me look forward to the rest of my programming journey!
Excellent class! Was not a big fan of online courses; especially technical material but Dr Chuck is awesome. So engaging and he really makes the class fun. Really like the bonus videos as well as the format. Each chapter/ section broken down into small chucks so easier to digest. Small sections was also helpful if because if a certain concept was unclear it was easy to just go back and re-watch or re-read. Highly recommended.
As usual, not only is the content great, Dr Chuck also makes lessons fun and interesting! Totally recommend this specialisation along with this course as it can really build on your python foundations. Took another python course and learn about dictionaries, list etc but it was not as detailed and clear however this course managed to clear up all the gaps and now I'm more confident to say I know about python data structures!
Python Data Structure offers a deeper understanding of the Python language after the first intro course UMich offered, and it's very useful to everyone who wants to learn about Python. Dr. Chuck did a fantastic job in making this course easy to understand and enjoyable to learn. I'm really glad that I've taken this whole Python for Everybody series courses and appreciate the great work Dr. Chuck and the staff team have done.
As the first Python course in the Python specialization at the University of Michigan, I also loved this one. I will continue to learn more about Python in the next specialization course. Dr. Chuck is great at explaining the concepts and the material is excellent. The use of colors made the explanations clearer. I think the course should have more exercises or more tasks because it would help all students to practice more.
I find it very interesting , i can easily revisit certain topics which i need to remind. Also through the assignments i was able to remember the basic of Python.The quiz and assignments at the end of every chapter helps me to test my knowledge and know how much i have gained through this course. It's one of the interested course i ever had.Thank You Coursera, Dr. Chuck and Michigan University to offer such a good course.
The exercises were tough, but doable. Everything you need you can figure out by reading the book and watching the lectures. The teaching assistants in the forums were outstanding-- no matter what time of day or week it is, they always seem to be available to provide just the right amount of guidance to nudge you forward. The instructor was clear and explained everything in a way that was easy to comprehend. Great course!
The best python intro course ever! Side notes: I feel like you don't even need to take the "Python 4 everybody" to get started, you can directly jump to this "Python Data structures" as long as you spent a bit time playing around python by yourself.Strongly recommended new python learner download the videos explaining lists, texts and dictionaries, and review them frequently until all of these become very natural to you.
As an IT Specialist with specialization in Networking and Troubleshooting, I found this course very useful as it empowered my to understand the basic programming using Python. This will become very handy in developing programs. I look forward to take similar courses in order to advance my knowledge. I am not changing from Networking Specialist but this is a good course to broaden my knowledge. I enjoyed the instructor.
I took the whole specialization which I strongly recommend over individual pieces. These courses go through a book provided by Charles Severance. He includes all the material and TONS of code he made. Charles goes through all the code he brings up in the class and explains each piece. There are fluff pieces throughout that are not necessary to pass but offer some history. Overall a great course with a great instructor.
This course was great!
Dr. Chuck makes the material fun and relatively easy to learn.
Just pay attention during the lectures, and take your time with the quizzes & assignments.

Do yourself a favor...
When you get an assignment correct, TAKE A SCREENSHOT OF IT.
Include the question, your code, the result of your code, and the expected answer in your screenshot.
It will be a tremendously helpful reference point for you!
I liked this course because it teaches you the data structures in python which is the starting point for programming in python. There were some things that I did not know and compared it to other programming languages, and I realized that python is very elegant when writing code, it is simple. There is not much problem in coding, python understands and makes it easy for you. That is why I liked python and this course.
This portion of the course did a really good job in introducing data structures.  I found that the last week's assignment really helped me understand using different data structures as well as how important it is to keep track of what types of data structures different methods return.  If someone were already somewhat knowledgeable about programming I would suggest they start here over the prior portion of the class.
This is my first time taking programming course but this course make me to understand the basic of programming and will like to recommend it to all beginner like me in the field of programming to take this course.Thanks to coursera for their free education provide to some of us who are unable to afford for high tuition payment.Thanks to the professor of this course in honor of Dr. Severance he is truly a professor .
This is the second course by Dr Chuck that I've completed. Again, never thought I'd get into programming, let alone find it fun. Dr Chuck is excellent at explaining concepts, and turning incomprehensible jargon into bite-sized chunks. This second series takes more time and effort than the first Programming for Everybody course. I made sure to review again and again, and yet again, prior to tackling the assignments.
This is a course I would recommend, it covers the basics in data structures and have enabled me to do alot of stuff I couldn't have done or understand without it. Having already embarked on the next course this course is something I came back to again and again to re-watch the lectures since they are really helpful when you need to freshen up on stuff like "how to handle a dictionary when faced with a yaml-file".
This is really a great course. I learned a lot throught it. I am a student major in Literature and aways curious about programming. To be honest, I was kind of scared of programming in the past. However, after taking this classes, I wrote many lines of code by myself and solved some real tasks. Now I am totally not terrified at all. I believe I will keep learning programming in the future. Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
Exceptional course. Dr chuck is just an outstanding teacher, who keeps things simple and knows how to make you stick the face to the screen for hours. I can't recommend this enough and I can't thank him more for making me discover the world of programming. I will keep working on other programming courses to make projects a reality in the future. I wished I had studied software engineering when I had the chance!
It's such good course to study after completing first course of Python specialization .It will help you gain some beginner knowledge about Python language . Also the teacher of this course are really good . He will gives you all kind of information about this course . And the speech of teacher is really understable. hope you all like this course as me . Than you Coursera for having me as a part of this course.
Absolutely wonderful. I've learned so much over these past few weeks! Professor Severance's class structure, that's based off 'Think Python' by Allen Downey, is way more user friendly than it's "100% computer-science" counter-part; providing a thorough approach to learning the syntax needed to get you a solid grip on the fundamentals needed to learn actual computer programming theory; thanks again Professor!
Really interesting course, I really enjoy the class with Dr. Chuck because he makes easy explanation of different concepts in programming that makes the excersices easy to solve. I have learned about data structures, a topic that I barely had knowledge and I hope I can apply this new knowledge in my future master course or at my future work... Keep doing videos Dr. Chuck, greetings from Caracas, Venezuela!
The course has been so well driven. Many thanks to the entire developers of such a lovely platform and especially my instructor Dr.Chuck(Sir. Charles R.Severance) who made this course an infinite loop of fun learning. You are best sir. Please Sir try I have only one request: Kindly made the assignments and quizzes more complex and some what more difficult. you are best and Coursera rocks. Thanks alot...:)
Amazing! It was easy, I am in middle school and took this course wanting to know how to build a discord bot, with absolutely no knowledge in coding. If I was confused while doing an assignment, I would look deeper into my code, review the videos, and find my mistake! It was really fun and satisfying to finish an assignment after so much trial and error. By far the best class I have ever taken in my life.
This course has been well structured and I must say all the programming assignments were too good to understand the basic concepts of Python Data Structures. Prof.Chuck is the best professor when it comes to teaching python. With the help of this course, it made my career transition from Mechanical to Computer Science smoothly. With this Course, it sparked me to go towards Algorithms and Data Structures.
Great course to follow up from the 1st course in the specialization. Provides the basic concepts needed to know regarding the different Python Data Structures. The quizzes and assignments were more challenging compared to the 1st course but provide a good way to consolidate what we have learnt from the lectures so far. As usual, the lecture videos were entertaining to watch and learn as well. Thank you!
One of the best Python courses I have taken. Loved Dr. Chuck's lectures as usual and the progression of this course is perfect for someone coming from the first course in this specialization. I would recommend not to rush through the course to get the certificate. It's important to make sure you understand each line of code in the exercises as this course is when you really start writing some cool code.
Professor Charles, takes up, Programming, in a passionate and enjoyable way, And the Bonus videos, on tech Entrepreneurs are really inspiring, Be it solving practical examples, or the slides, the concepts are crystal clear and learnt a great deal in the course. I thank sincerely Coursera, Prof Charles and University of Michigan, for their sincere efforts to help learners from distant  spheres like me!
Great, an excellent approach to Python in my case with no previous programming experience. It goes step by step incorporating new meaningful blocks of knowledge you can use and practice at the end of each week. Material really well developed and easy to understand and follow. Excellent experience as part of the whole Python specialization. Thanks for sharing this so well prepared course and knowledge.
Great Course for beginners, without any programming knowledge.I am suggesting to take this course before you will do any other courses. This course helped me to learn on other python courses, which were overestimated as "for beginners" but needed already some programming knowledge. In this course all assignments are based on learned material (based on lecture). I am glad that I took this course first.
An amazing course by the University of Michigan and Coursera. This couse covered the basics and advance data structures in Python as well. The instructor, Dr. Chuck did an excellent job in embedding the and put those basic skills to the test in writing advanced python programs. I will certainly recommend anyone, who is new to programming or even has some experience in programming to take this course.
The course of Python Data Structures taken by Sir Charles Russell Severance (University of Michigan) via coursera was very informative and helpful for me to get started with python. The tests and assignments helped a lot. The concepts were explained very well and I had lots of fun taking this course. Thank you Sir Charles Russell Severance, Coursera and University of Michigan for the wonderful class!
This is my 2nd course in the series and it steps up the game a little.  You learn more about the capabilities of Python while causing you to think a bit more than the first course.  I enjoyed it thoroughly and Dr. Chuck made it a worth while challenge.  Thanks for another excellent course and I'm looking forward to the 3rd chapter of the series Course 3 - Using Python To Access Web Data.  Thank You!!
Thank you so much, Chuck. I stronly agreed with what you said on the graduation ceremony. As a chemistry major graduate student, you know,  only chemistry skills cannot give me enough competition on job market. I would really say thank you for you and this course. I hope after several years, I will get great job and can use the python skills you taught me, and after that, I will tell you. I promise!
First of all a hearty thanks to Coursera and the University of Michigan for providing me with such an a wonderful opportunity to learn python data structures. File handling in C language always seemed to be a daunting task for me and i truly hated it. But thanks to professor Chuck and the amazing simplicity yet much more effective python language i was able to overcome this challenge data handling.
Excellent course! I am also doing a course on bioinformatics algorithms and the code challenges in that course were very easy to program using Python as the language! It feels great to actually be writing programs that have some real-life impact! All thanks to Dr. Chuck for his wonderful way of teaching and his  beautifully written book. I am definitely going in for the next course in this series!
Took Python Data Structures immediately following Python for Everybody. Loved both courses!! Even as a novice, you can knock each out in a couple of days. It felt really good to struggle through some of the coding exercises and finally reach an "aha!" moment, and then go back and improve my code with the skills I learned soon thereafter. If you are interested in coding at all, I highly recommend.
It was absolutely an amazing experiance learning from coursera as i can list down all the pros of enrolling in this course 
i.e starting ,from short videos in different chunks to fitting quiz at the right time and 
adding fun videos to get rid of boredness,it seems to have been most organized online learning platform I have ever interacted with.
Many thanks to the Coursera team...you guys rock !!
Very informative and nice course. With Dr Chuck learning never is a boring experience but it is fun learning. I did not find data structures that easy or may be requires more practice but Dr. Chuck made it very easy for me. Appreciate efforts taken by him and Coursera in bringing forth this course and making it easy for the entire learning community. Thank you very much Chuck Sir and Coursera!!!
Firstly i think that python for everybody is just an ordinar course an di was doing it just to add some certificate in my resume but with time i realize it's an extraordinary course.most difficult topics very well explained and also this course was focused on such topics which no tutorial generally focuses on!! but students always find difficulty in those.so, thank you for making such course.
Learning a programming language could not be easier and enjoyable than this. Prof. Chuck, He is the best teacher I have ever got. The way he explains through the program is the best possible way to understand it clearly. I would really recommend everyone to take this course if you are still afraid of programming languages this course is for you. Thank you, Coursera and University of Michigan.
When I started the series of this course I think that would be a challenger, besides I got some experience with Java language programing I was not sure if I could get this course in another language. I'm a Portuguese native language and I consider myself an intermediate in English.Thank you, Mr. Charles Severance for your dedication. I can say that I have learned more than python, thank you!
A very complete course. Good explanations that are not excessively long. The only downside I find is the lack of more practical exercises between videos. More exercises would be of great help to consolidate knowledge and not leave everything for a single practical exercise or sometimes two at the end of each week. I hope to continue advancing in the specialized program to which it belongs.
I have never such a approach to teaching programming language. It is a best course series so far. Never seen learning prog. lang. can be so easy. I remember in my first semester of bachelor's degree, they taught me c programming which i found very complex to the newbie like me at that time. I think education system in India should take more flexible and dynamic approach to teach students.
This course is awesome for a total beginner of Python. The instructor was very enthusiastic, encouraging you to take on the challenges. His teaching was very simple and fun to follow. Each week only took 15-30 min to watch videos. The rest depended on how fast you could get the assignment completed.  If you were struck with a problem and posted in the forum, the staff replied really fast.
The content taught in this course is more complicated than the first one - getting started. I did sometimes struggle with the assignments, since I didn't have the habit of reviewing the lectures and materials after each week. Have to pick up the book and work harder now! Although challenging, the course is still interesting to me, and I pretty enjoy the sense of accomplishment in the end!
So, when I started with the first course, I started gaining more and more interest because of Dr. Chuck's wonderful teaching methodology. This is really a great course. Dr. Chuck is a great man with a wonderful teaching technique. I wish I could meet or talk with Dr. Chuck and thank him for the courses and learn more new things from him. He is really a great teacher. Thank you, Dr. Chuck
As a former Java Developer for BI apps who is transitioning
to a Data Scientist/Data Analyst role, I would say Python definitely makes it
easier and more efficient to develop BI/ETL apps. But equally important is an
instructor who delivers the lessons in an easy-to-follow manner while focusing on
the real world use cases. Thank you Dr. Chuck and your teaching assistants for
a great job!
I really enjoy Dr.Chunk's courses.I have no basic of programing,I am a radiologist,in order to be prepared for the AI times,I decided to learn someting about programing.The certificate is much easy to get compared with the ML course,and I think it is a good fedback so that I can maintain my passion on learning the coureses.All the best to Dr.Chunk! Keep learning my fellow classmates.
Excellent course. It will take your newbie python skills to the next level and teach you lists, dictionaries and tuples (all python data structures). I found the assignments to be challenging but not hard. Spent about 2 to 3 hours per week (actually, I crushed the course over the Xmas holidays and did the whole thing in a week doing about 2 to 3 hours each day. Loved it!) Good luck!!
This class provides an introduction to all of the 'containers' used in Python to store and pass data. Charles Severance continues to provide excellent instruction on how these tools can be implemented and what they are capable of. Upon finishing this class, the student should know all of the basic commands used for building a program, along with simple techniques and implementations.
It was more challenging than the first course but well-paced.  I may have to review some of the basic things I'm not clear about. So I would advice not to speed through the course if you are complete beginner. I had to rush because I'm using Coursera for campus for free and I need to learn so much more in short duration. If you have no reason to rush, please don't rush the course.
An amazing course, in which my preliminary knowledge of Python Structures, was reinforced and updated. Some gaps were covered, thus setting a corrected path towards Python dominance. A very recommended course. Plus, I really enjoyed the extra material also (under the label of "Office Hours with Dr. Chuck"), and really loved and smiled at the "Garduation Ceremony" at the very end.
I enjoyed this course. I had some more difficulty in this one that the first in the specialization. For someone who is completely new to programming, this is not super overwhelming but it already gives some mind teasers in the exercises. I suggest that you read the book after you finished watching the lessons because the examples in the book really help you answer the exercises.
This is the next big step in learning basic Python programming. After the first course covers such important topics as "data types" this course continues with "data structures" which is how data is stored, recalled, and processed. This is crucial to understand before one tries to process information and gets back all types of traceback errors, "NoneType" and empty set responses.
In this course, you will be gaining a great amount of experience with Python in so smooth and easy way, the content is so interesting throughout the whole course. It will be so rewarding moment when you can read every line of the code that has been displayed by Dr. Chuck in first video of first course.Thanks to Dr. Chuck and his excellent team, you will have fun during learning.
This is a basic courses of Python. I have to admit that due to my experience in Python, I complete it in a single afternoon but the courses still gives a lot knowledge of Python through the bonus videos like author of JavaScript or JQuery, this is more helpful for me to grasp a sense of computing. And still, if you are new to Python, this course is definitely the one you needed.
Well crafted course help a beginner really understand the basics of python and how the use of data structures brings around a wide range of applications for which python can be used to help us achieve our goal. Professor Charles Russell Severance is someone who makes sure his teachings are never boring and really makes learning a new concept easy to understand and fun to learn.
This course really helped me learn more Python skills to use in the future and at school. Thank you for this amazing experience! I liked how I could work at my own pace with the assignments and quizzes. In addition, I learned how to manage my time better! Professor Severance was an amazing and engaging instructor! I would definitely recommend this course to other people!Thanks!
Took this as the second course in the Python for Everybody specialization. Dr.Chuck does a great job of explaining concepts so even beginners can understand. A week ago I didn't know anything about programming, now I am able to do basic coding and can start to piece together how computers think. Would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn the basics of programming.
Excellent instructor, the course is more challenging than course 1, so this is going at a faster pace now, but the instructor still managed to pace it right and to explain every detail carefully. The instructor provides also very good tips about how to make the code leaner and more efficient. Finally, Dr. Charles Severance's sense of humour makes the course even more enjoyable.
'this is a very good course that you can recommend to someone regarding learning python data structures where you can type code and work on it that can save your hours of work physically by writing the code and now that work will complete in seconds . This courage also gives you courage so that you can work better and learn all the basic of programming and get confident in it.
This course gives you a solid understanding of the ways in which data
 is organized, stored, and accessed in Python. You'll be able to 
practice your problem-solving skills, and have fun at the same time.As in "Programming for Everybody," Dr. Chuck presents just the right amount of material and enough guidance about how to use the language features being covered in the course.
Instructor, course materials, information, presentation, everything for most part was very good.  Only complaint is the user interface needs a lot of work done so it behaves " normal "...  Even trying to fill out this review is some what of a pain as it's just awkward...  Phone access needs equal amount of improvements.  However, other than user interface, everything was good.
One of the best courses that I have ever taken. Loved the additional videos. Any beginner wanting to learn about data structures definitely should start from these course. The quizzes definitely tests your understandings and the assignments just makes the sweet spot for your concepts.  Really looking forward to complete all the courses in the specialization. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
Awesome!I completed this section of the training and I was hooked since day one. The impact has been so positive on me that I can now better understand the math behind the material and enjoy the process of becoming a software engineer(?), I don't know but the sky certainly is not the limit for me : )Thank you Coursera, UofM, and Dr. Chuck and his staff!On to the next section!
Continuing with part 2 of the specialization, this course was as good and interesting as the first one. Dr. Chuck knows how to lay the fundamentals of progamming in an understandable and easy way to digest the content. The best part is that you get time to practice and resolve by yourself each problem finding your own strengths and weakness and work into improve your skills.
I was entering into a bit of uncharted territory for this course, but Dr. Chuck got my back with his great and playful way of explaining even those concepts that may not be intuitive as first. Well worth the effort to go through this one as at the end of this you will find that you, like I, are now able to create simple programs that can carry out some tedious work for you.
Its a very good course if you are looking to dive into python coding techniques using it's special features like list, dictioneries and tuples. 
You should be able to write complete codes on your own by the time you are going to complete the course. But one thing that I would recommend is that it would be better for you, if you go through the course 1 of this full program.
This series of courses is the best courses that i have taken on Coursera. It has been really great learning python from Prof. Charles , he is really funny and makes learning fun too. He makes the most complex of logic very easy to understand. I will recommend all of my friend to take up this course. And will look forward to learning more from Prof. Charles and on coursera.
A very nice course stating different data structures in the python. The different methods and effective storage and retrieval methods are shown. Really friendly for beginners. Highly Recommended if you want to get exploring python. The instructor is one the best i have found really nice and jovial and keeping the mood of the lectures quite cheerful .I liked that the most.
A wonderful method of explanation and treatment with the topic... Truly everyone can understand python after taking the course. Just a suggestion, if you could also give some 3-4 examples of how pythons can be used in Image processing and Video processing Applications, it would be great (It would be fine if it's at the end of the 5th module of the specialization course.).
The course was really helpful to understand the basics on Python and develop myself on the field. Having assignments regularly was really helpful and Mr. Chuck's tutoring had been very good and sometimes amusing. In addition, I was really suprised when I realised that by attending this course I could get the materials of it. I recommend to everyone to take these classes!
Dr. Chuck is among the most amazing programmers and python professors I have ever met! The course content extends beyond the scope of basic python commands, and includes also programming stories, details about the development of programming languages, even office hours and fun scenes from around the globe in an attempt to get us excited and motivated for learning python!
From my point of view, Python Data Structures course is properly structured and explained which makes it terrific in terms of acquiring the core knowledge of how Pythn deals with the different data structures as well as how to face the most common practical problems to be solved via Python. Thus, I would consider it as a must to introduce yourself in the Python language.
>>> Hello world!:)well what can i say... that was a cool course! Gives you understanding of the basics and takes you to the first stages of the world of coding. To be honest, what i find really useful, is that Dr. Chuck gives you some practice along with theory. This allows you to utilize your knowledge straight away and go directly to your own projects if you have some.
One thing that I really liked about this course is that the videos are not too long and the assignments really make you think how to integrate everything that one has learnt from the beginning of the course (not just that particular week). Moreover, the bonus videos serve as an inspiration to keep moving forward and learn more. Thanks Dr. Chuck for this amazing content.
I love this teacher! Highly recommend this course!! If you're looking for an engaging teacher who explains things in a clear an concise way - this is it. The teacher is also pretty funny. I just really enjoyed this course and I was so afraid to try online courses because I thought I wouldn't be very engaged. This teacher definitely changed my outlook on online courses!
I am very fortunate to join this course. I also completed first course. Believe me or not, I have never learned any programming language what i have got in this course. Before this I know little bit of C language. But Python is very interesting to learn. I am enjoying this course very much. And I want to complete the full python specialization course on Coursera.Thanks
Very happy with the "new" Coursera platform. The changes have enabled you to take a class for a while, pause your progress, and then pick up where you left off - a feature critical for asynchronous online learning. Also this was the first class that introduced data structures to me, so I have no doubt I'll benefit very much in the future from the knowledge gained here.
I really enjoyed this course! Professor Charles is very good at explaining all the concepts in very simple yet comprehensible ways. I really appreciated that unlike most programming courses, the lectures are not eternal and boring but actually super entertaining. Also, the excersises were very useful and I feel that I really got to understand the concepts through them
This course is brilliant for entry-level programmers and builds nicely on the previous course (Getting Started with Python). Think of this less as a course equipping you to become a programmer, and more as an introduction to coding such that you can build on a solid foundation as you continue this process of learning at the very beginning of your programming 'career'.
This is a really fun course and lays the foundation of Python 
programming. The videos are concise and apt and therefore one doesn't 
feel bored throughout the lectures. All the in-built assignments really 
put you in the groove of python programming. So, all those looking for a
 basics course in Python, do give this course a try. Trust me, you won't
 be disappointed!
Dr. Chuck is just the best teacher. the course is very structured and organized, each lesson builds on the other in a very understandable manner.Good paste, more than fair quizzes and assignments.I would have added more assignments so the material will sync better, even if I know there is plenty online, I personally would have liked to see more on the "bouns" section.
Amazing course! I learned so much and it gave me the confidence to keep discovering and explore the world of programming! Dr. Chuck is a great instructor who motivates and makes learning practical and fun! I am so glad I enrolled in this course. I decided to learn python purely out of curiosity but, this may just be the start of something new and exciting in my life!
I recommend
this course given by Dr. Chuck. Topics are well taught and explored. This
course is not just for people without any expertise, but also for those who
already program but need to learn python and dont have the discipline to do it
by themselves. Dr.
Chuck speaks in a really clear way, so even if English is not your native
language, dont be put down by it.
Awesome course, I'd tried a couple online learning courses to help me learn to program in the past and Charles' intro courses were way superior.   Fun and succinct lecture videos, relevant examples to work through, and assignments that actually teach you how to apply the knowledge.  Thanks very much for sharing this with the world Charles!  Can't recommend it enough.
Great experience.  The videos are exceedingly well-constructed, and the assignments are paired well with them.
My only comment is that I think it would be helpful if links to the PowerPoints used in each video were linked below each video.  That said, perhaps it was helpful to the learning experience to have to stop videos and hand-copy the relevant code into my IDE.
It is the best course on Python, and I would recommend it to anyone who is a beginner and want to know how to deal with programs. If you feel a little bit difficulty, than you can take the Python basics course but that is just a basic knowledge. Dr.Chuck is a great tutor and his ways of teaching are too interesting that it makes me awake and focused in the lectures.
An awesome beginners course taught by a brilliant instructor, Dr.Charles. I started with zero python skills and I can confidently say that my programming skills have increased manifolds. The syllabus was well designed and the quizzes and assignments helped me apply what I had just learnt. Will be taking up more courses in the future, thanks to Coursera and Dr.chuck!
The way Dr.Chuck teaches the python , it becomes so interesting and easy. Thanks to Dr. Chuck and the entire team of Coursera for helping me to learn and guide about the basic things about new programming language. Hope i will do some more online courses. I got confident after completing the python programming for everybody and python data structure. Thanks to ALL.
the most effective and the best thing in this course is the teacher Mr.Severance's quality! He catches the learner's attention and explains all the things in a effective way. DON'T LET GO MR SEVERANCE somewhere else. I think he is unique in this thing.! And the course and examples,quizzes are good and teaching. I liked the course. Thanks to all the contributors!!!!
I am highly indebted to Professor Charles and Coursera for the marvelous opportunity given to me to take part in this course. Professor Charles mode of teaching has really made the course interesting and simple to learn especially  to those who has no prior knowledge of programming. I really recommend this to anyone who is interested in learning python programming.
All the class were awesome, enjoyable, understandable in a very beautiful way possible. like you Dr.Chuck even i love to meet up with all different people & you are a awesome Teacher.. i learnt python data structure in a beautiful way i can say.& This is the 2nd online class i have completed successfully & that too with Dr.Chuck!Online class are really enjoyable..
This was the best course I've taken my whole life. The whole series of programming for everybody is very well prepared and very grateful. I can only imagine the amount of time Professor Chuck put into this. this helped me alot and i'm sure it also helped my other fellow students too. I will recommend everyone to do this course if they want to get into programming.
This is an excellent course for beginners in coding as well as in the language of Python. With video lectures from a great mentor with crystal clear concepts and at times required assignment demonstrations, it is just perfect. It engages anyone to complete it in 1 or 2 weeks rather than 7 weeks. Thanks to Coursera and Michigan University for bringing this to us!
Very very comprehensive instruction in the teaching of python programming but also providing new information in programming methodologies and techniques. Greatly enjoy Dr. Charles Severance as an instructor.  My only wish is that too bad Dr. Severance was not a professor at UC Irvine back in the 80's I would have immediately changed my major to computer science.
Fantastic course! Chuck is incredibly thorough in his teaching methods and very engaging, as well. He does a good job of breaking down coding concepts that might be easy to confuse and putting them in mathematical or every day terms that anyone can understand. He makes me feel like I am actually typing a conversation with my computer, rather than complex coding.
Dr. Chuck is the best! I have been writing in Python for about a year now and didn't think this course would teach me too much. Although I did know the methods Dr. Chuck teaches about in the course, I learned some important details about their use as well as how to approach problems. I highly recommend for anyone seeking a sound foundation in Python programming.
Another joyful Python course from Dr. Charles Severance. Course were very dense, there was no boring details; give fundamentals, rest of it depends interest of the student. Also thanks for bonus videos and interviews. Most of them are very inspiring. I understand from Dr.'s courses that everyone seeing your job will enjoy if you enjoy by doing it. Thanks a lot.
Very great course overall.I'm happy because now, I have strong knowledge in the fundamental of Python, and that was my goal before to postulate into that course.I love how professor Severance takes his time to explain difficult concepts into a simple example.I'm happy and grateful for them, to make this course happen.Thank you, everyone, thank you, professor.
Really great course, highly recommended to anyone interested in learning different data structures, and how python takes advantage of each type to solve complex problems. Prof. Chuck takes you on the journey, and pushes you at the right times for you to experiment, and utilize the techniques that you have learnt so far to solve the assignments/quiz.Loved it!!
This course is a continuation from Course 1 and is part of the "Python for Everybody" specialization. Just like Course 1, this course is taught very well. For non-programmers, you get the most benefit out of this course if you take it as part of the specialization. There is a nice little treat at the end for those who stick all the way through this course ;)
This is the 2nd python lesson I got from Dr. Chuck. There is an ideal lecture and lecture sequence for someone who has no knowledge of programming. He tells you about programming from areas that everyone knows and never gets bored. The course flow does not force you and encourages you to work. You learn a little more advanced programming with each lesson.
Great course. Dr Chuck is eloquent, articulate, humorous, and concise. This course really helped me understand more about parsing and manipulating raw data. I've always been interested in tuples and Dr Chuck does a great job presenting the info. This was course 2 of 5 of the Python for Everybody specialization and so far, I'm very happy with the material.
Python for Everybody is an amazing course for python programming language. It not only includes the core subject of python but also it includes office hours of our instructor and computing conversations with different language inventors. Totally a wonderful learning experience with Dr. Charles Severance sir. Thankyou for delivering such an amazing course
This is the second course I took in py4e specialization. It starts using python to deal with some data, which is  more challenging for me. But I really enjoy to get deeper learning in Python and still Dr. Chuck's course is well-organized and very helpful. I do need to take some time to absort and review what I already learned before I take the third one.
This course was very helpful as a foundation to understanding how to work with data in Python.  I have used Python for graduate courses over the past 3 years and only now understand tracebacks and why I was getting certain errors in my programs.  I wish I had taken it sooner, as it would have saved me a lot of time and frustration.  Well done, Dr. Chuck!
Very helpful and well laid out for a beginner programming course.  Dr Chuck is great at explaining the details although sometimes I find it difficult to figure out the exercises because the answers are not in the lesson we just had, but eventually with help I can figure it out.  I am looking forward to the next course in this specialty.  Thanks Dr Chuck!
I think teacher is really good, he is humourous and explain things clearly. However if you really want to master Python, you have to write codes,not just the assignment,it's not enough.And when you get stuck, you need to check in the reference book(Python for Informatics). So I hope more and more students will enroll in this course and enjoy programming.
The transition from course one to course two has been seamless. I congratulate Prof. Chuck for designing this course so well. All the data structures in Python have been explained very nicely with proper applications. And at the end of this course, one becomes confident to use data structures for manipulating various types of data in a desirable manner.
Python Data Structures course by Charles Severence,a very intelligent,interactive and a good teacher is a great course to take if are new to python,the course consists of obviously python data structures (list,tuples,dictionaries)and it is taught well by him.I loved the course very much!!!!!!!!A must recommend to the people who are starting with python
Thank you for the opportunity to learn, to Dr Chuck and all the teaching assistants! I was struggling a little bit with Rice's second course intro to python computing course and taking this one together helped me to better understand the materials. The only thing is I wished there to be more practice problems, but it is not hard to find them on google.
I t is a great, course, quiz are not hard but they provoke an important questioning and are part of the learning process. Assignments are more interesting every week and strike the most important topics of the week while using remembering a lot of the past concepts. It will be great of after the course is finish the student could download the homework.
As many others have already written, this is an excellent beginner-level course. A variety of teaching techniques are used, with good lectures allowing one to copy and try examples before launching into practical exercises. The instructor is engaging and kept me interested and motivated despite this being online. I really highly recommend this course.
I was a newbie when I was taking the first course on this specialization. Now I have completed two courses from this specialization and I am looking forward to take rest of the courses as I find it very helpful and easy to learn. All credit goes to the trainer Dr. Chuck who explains everything so easily to the learners and also make those interesting.
Well laid out course, teaching is excellent.  Recommend you read the book, complete the chapter exercises and play with the code examples as you read.  Then watch the videos (they will be easy to understand at this point) and finally the quiz and assignments will be a breeze.  Essentially, "read & practice before you go to class" and you will succeed.
I was relying on the tutorials videos made by professor Severance in the first course but this one I spent more time actually understanding how to use Python in data processing. I was spending time to try to make it work which eventually sorted it out by myself. That was a great course. Thank you very much for doing this. See you on the next course:)
Exactly the course is very important for developing knowledge in the field of Python Programming. Everything in the course is fine but sometimes during submitting the assignment we get some problem when handling the file because the file is not available to us so we can't able to know whether we have to find "From" or "From:" in the lines of the file
I'm very glad I enrolled dr.Chuck courses. All four about Python. They're not too simple, not too hard for the first time.You're need something interesting for the begining. Something that will remind you that learning is interesting.Dr.Chuck courses damn fit for this purpose.Thank you, dr.Chuck, Teaching staff of University of Michigan and Coursera.
This course will get you started with Python. I am from Taxation and have found myself very comfortable with this course learning Python. There are many courses and reference books but in a couple of weeks they become very difficult to understand but this course holds up. Thank you, Dr Chuck and Coursera to make this amazing course available to us.
Great course. I got stuck on one of the assignment questions but the prompt reply from the teaching assistant helped me complete the assignment before time. The course was well-guided and the follow-up quiz questions were also good. Credits to the Michigan University team and Professor Severance. I would surely recommend this course to my friends.
A great Python course to take in my opinion, though I can't be talking about beginners since I did have a chunk of knowledge about Programming and Python prior to taking this course, I still think it was as good as it could have been, maybe some more hands-on exercises would be a nice addition but a great course nonetheless. Keep it up, Dr.Chuck!
A great way to expand the knowledge gained from the first course (Programming for Everybody) and start applying it to real world entities like files. This course is still the "basics" of Python but learning Data Structures is very important in making sense of raw data from any real world entity. As always, Dr. Charles Severance is a great mentor.
I love this course, i've learnt so much and Professor Severance is a great teacher. He can explain complex matters in very simple-to-follow examples and statementes, never ever being contempt (like many professors) towards the audience. A great listen, a greate experience. Love the assignements, i ust wish there were more of them! Thanky you all.
A really good introductory course on data structures in Python. The fact that the course's text book is pretty much the same of what is explained in classes videos makes it a really good reference source!Professor Severance is awsome and pationate for teaching. I really do recommend this course for anyone starting programming or learning Python.
Learned a lot on this course.  It provided a better understanding of what are the different Python data structures and how it is different from other programming languages.  It shows how easy it is to use Python and how powerful it is in handling data.  Love this course and enjoyed the graduation ceremony hosted by the instructor (Dr. Chuck)!!!
A well paced follow on from the first course in the series with nicely structured exercises that help build your understanding. The scripting excercises allow the participant to not only practice new skills but also require skills learned in previous lessons to be repeated, which helps cement a solid understanding of the whole course material.
Very clear. I felt like I always had the resources necessary to learn the material required to do the assignments, but it was not so available as to make the assignments trivial. The professor's lectures gave me a good insight into how he thinks as he goes about the task of programming, which is a really critical teaching skill, in my opinion.
The course is good. You will learn a lot of things. It is relatively tricky as ti progresses. And that's what you want cause you want the program to challenge you so that the reward is that much sweeter. The teacher makes every effort to make the course 'playful' as you'll see once you reach graduation. Overall, a nice way to start something.
Excellent pacing, learned all the necessary basics and was explained with expert delivery from professor. The mix of real world explanations and the most basic examples of each of the concepts of Python really helped bake the knowledge in. I look forward to taking more classes with this professor and engaging further into the Python language.
After taking the first course, this course makes me have a better understanding of Python language. Now I can write a programe with about 25 lines on codes. It only takes me about half a month to achieve from a beginner. As a result, I believe this course is really suitable for those who wants to learn programing but has no related knowledge.
After struggling to learn Python on my own a few years ago, I have thoroughly enjoyed learning it as taught by Dr. Charles Severance. There have been many "a-ha" or "lightbulb" moments as I read through his book and listen to his lectures. The class has been relatively easy to understand and complete so far. I look forward to the next course!
I found this course as good as the first course in the specialization. The only topic which needs a bit of improvement is the Tuples Assignment in Week 6. I found the explanation confusing and I had to refer to external materials. But this complaint of mine is very minor compared to the positives this course offers. An awesome course so far!!
God Bless!! Dr.Chuck for making this course so fun to begin with.The exercises were nice and you are able to apply the concept which you have learned.But the most fun things were extra bonuses material which make this course even more enjoyable.I hope Dr.Chuck will continue to entertain and enlightenment us on this journey to conquer python.
One of the best online courses I ever attended. The professor is a great, friendly one who would increase our interest in the class. with all the bonus videos and interviews of all the creators of different languages, it felt like a journey with the professor.I really appreciate his effort and want to thank him for this wonderful course. :)
This was a challenge for me, but it was worth it. I'm more knowledgeable about Python and how to write at least 10 lines of code. It's going to take practice but  I appreciate being able to refer to the book constantly, because it's so easy to understand. I am going to be leaning on the book for a while, and I'm glad I'm working this course
Dr. Chuck's clear explanation of the features of the language is directed in such a way as to make sure I understand the concepts.  I appreciate his lecture style and really enjoyed the extra videos interviewing different people about the languages they invented.   l thoroughly enjoyed taking this course and easily learned the key concepts.
I liked it! Thx. The second course I took and finished in this specialization. So I am up to finish the following 3 ones, and then, or somewhere in between get and parse that 400+ mbs txt file that was generated by ESB in logs and that is noone capable to split into readable peaces and analyze.And I feel like I gonna be capable to do it :)
Thank you for the lecture. I really appreciate the clarity. This course actually makes me feel really like a true programmer after figuring out the assignments and understanding the code. You could really feel the "upgrade". Again, thanks. I really enjoyed it all. (Very simple by the way, just really had to follow along and practice along)
this is a good course after I took the first course. it takes you to solve more real-life problems with simple code. So I am very much interested to take the rest of the courses as soon as possible. Thank you, prof, for your guidance.   Programming for Everybody(Python) on Coursera is taught by prof. Charles Severance. Yes it is valuable.
I love this course!  Prof Chuck does a wonderful job of laying things out one at a time, and anticipating questions or issues that beginning programmers might have.  The exercises incorporate each previous concept learned and are challenging yet doable.  I'd absolutely recommend this to anyone wanting to learn how to program with Python.
It was an amazing course after completing the  first one: Python for everybody. the instructor is great! After pondering over the assignments trying to figure them out, and when i finally get the desired output i feel sooo good! it gives a great deal of satisfaction and happiness. i feel confident about python till this point. thank you
This is my second course from coursera and Dr.chuck and i should say that the instructor Dr.Chuck is an amazing person.He knows a great deal about programming and he knows how to keep the student interested in the class.I would sure;y recommend this course to anyone who wants to pursue this course further.Thanks coursera thanks Dr.chuck
2nd course with Dr Charles. I find his courses to be very informative and his teaching method is very helpful in understanding the topics fast.excited to complete the remaining items in the specialization and if Dr Charles has any other courses, i will for sure take it....would love to have an advanced python programming class with Dr C
I had already taken 'Python for Everbody' by the same instructor. I had high hopes from this course and it just delivered that. I am very happy that I took this class. This course introduce you the python data structures in a simple way. It is very effective for beginners. Dr. Chuck is one of the most effective teacher I've ever known.
Charles Severance takes something so seemingly technical and presents it in such an easily digestible manner with a great deal of enthusiasm. He also provides anecdotes that make the material much easier to grasp and retain. His approach to teaching gives me huge amounts of confidence as I train for a new career in the 'tech' industry.
This course is designed very nicely. It is very compatible to all kind of learners. Dr. Chuck has done a wonderful job on explaining concepts. The provided book is very useful to understand those concepts and it also helps to make them strong by solving problems from book along with Coursera assignments. I highly recommend this course.
I liked this course on Data Structures. It was interesting, challenging and a little confusing for me. However I think after using it in the real world, with more examples, one can get to understand this better. Module 1 and 2 are key to understanding the rest of the modules, as they are the very foundation to be able to under better
I have struggled with programming in the past and figured I'd never be able to grasp the concepts.  Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor, making programming understandable to those of us who need to start from ground zero.  It is rare to find a professor that makes these concepts clear without going over a beginner's head.  Thanks!
A very good course to build your CV and to improve the chances of success in job placement in the future.Really helpful for aspiring data scientists and university freshers who want an introduction to the python programming language and for people who already have jobs and want to excel forward in their career by adding a new skill
Awesome course for everyone. This course teaches the basic of Python Data Structures in a very friendly pace, as well as easy to understand language. Prof. Charles is a gifted teacher who has vast knowledge about Python. Thanks to Coursera, Prof. Charles and his staff, as well as the University of Michigan for offering this course.
lectures were very good, however there were some issues with the text file for the compiler during the assignment,. The compiler did not let me call certain components of the list band kept giving me an error that it was out of range. Also it gave me errors with spacing that I could only fix by hiding compiler and bringing it back.
Great instructor! a very structured course which makes it easy to follow and learn new things without getting confused! However, would also recommend working on your own and solving more problems besides the ones in the course because 1 graded assignment per week doesn't seem like enough to fully understand and remember the topic.
I think the lectures were excellent, containing plenty of content and a periodic sprinkling of humour. I have programmed in Python for a couple of years but this course taught me some neat techniques  I hadn't previously encountered. I hope I can cope with the next part and am looking forward to the chapter on regular expressions.
It is an amazing course where you can learn how to programm in Python since scratch. I love the way Dr. Chuck gives the class because he is so funny and a great teacher from whom you can learn a lot of things. Thank you for all the people who got involve to make this course possible. You make us improve in our educational skills.
Really It's a superb course with the best assignments for practice. All the assignment questions are formed in such a manner that they clear all the concepts taught in this course and also superb explanation by Dr.Chuck is given. I would like to say that it's the best course in python.Thank you very much for such a superb course.
I am honored that i got opportunity to listen professor Charles severance from university of Washington, for people like me dreaming about meeting a professor form top university is next to impossible but through coursera i can listen to them, learn from them.  define my feeling right now as if my dream comes true.Thanks coursera
This course is packed up with a lot of information to use during the academic carrier of an individual. I took this course as part of my College's MOOC requirement and I'm glad that I did. This was indeed a memorable experience for us. A big THANK YOU to the creator of this course for creating such a wonderful course for us all.
The only thing I would like to see in this course is more exercises! Practicing coding is the best way to reinforce what you see in the lectures. It's one thing to watch someone do it and understand and another to do it yourself.Five star rating as the teaching is excellent and I'm looking forward to my next course with Dr Chuck
The only thing I want to say about this course is that the teacher or presenter or professor , in whatever words you want to call Charles with, He is a gem. I have no background of programming yet I have completed 2 parts of this specialization and credit all goes to him. His passion and zeal to teach students is just wonderful.
Oh the professor Dr. Charles Russell Severance is really an amazing man. I loved his course here. He made my conceptions clear. I am really grateful to him. The course  is full of fun. Just follow his lectures and his free book will be sufficient.  Those who want to learn the basic, i think this course will be helpful for them.
it was an excellent course as it teaches u from very basics to the level that u have never imagined that u will ever reach ....and there will be times when u write a code for assignments and u get stuck u wanna blow ur head off life why the hell this code is not working but eventually u will get the idea by revising  the course
I have thoroughly enjoyed this course and have learnt a great deal about python after trying many other courses and giving up and saying to myself "my brain just doesn't work in this way". Chuck is simply amazing!I would highly recommend the course to anyone who would like to learn pyhton and may have been put off in the past.
It's an amazing course to start your pyhton journey, each and everything is so ordered and the assignments are very good that make you understand each and everything very easily. Dr. Chug is the best teacher of my life so far, he's so good and teaching and make class more interesting. Also, the bonus videos are so informative.
Best course I've done till now in Coursera. The instructor Dr.Chuck is UNDOUBTEDLY the best instructor I have had. On many levels, this course was better than a physical class. Kudos to Dr.Chuck and Coursera. The contents of the course couldn't be more proper! Though as a beginner one might require more practice along the way.
 highly recommend this class. I have learned a great deal about data structures and feeling that I can start to get around with Python! I am sure I will need to get back to these fundamentals from time to time. Video support from Charles Severance are of great quality! Thank you. Going for the next course in a couple of days!
This is the second course I take on the series and I think Dr. Chuck is fantastic. The lessons are short but with enough information to give you a good general idea. You still have to go out and do some reading and coding but that's what will ensure you understand the lesson content and get you to the next step. Great Course.
It was a struggle for me trying to work and take the class, however, Tamara Brunnock was very helpful and encouraging. Having the playground to run code, also helped, because there can be glitches with the editor and idle. I feel that I have a better understanding of the language and am excited to progress through the series.
Great class to get started in Python.  If this is your first language, it's a thorough introduction.  If you've taken another one of Dr. Chuck's classes (like Web Applications for Everybody) and learned PHP, it's the same concepts, just in a different language.  This part of the course is easier if it's your second language.
I really enjoyed this class, this was the first online class that actually challenged me to look deeper into getting what I need out of files. Charles ("Dr Chuck") has a unique way of explaining coding that explains now only the how, but the why also. This is a very good class if you want to learn the foundations of Python.
Python using data structures gives your python code so much capabilities to achieve more. Simple data structures with effortless implementation. Course contain covered it very well. I absolutely love this part, where the basics I learned are seen implemented and in action and suddenly everything makes sense. Thank you sir.
Charles is an excellent teacher. This course is highly engaging and It was pretty fun. Charles pointed out the most important topics in the book, and even make me aware that despite the great summary made in this course, it is still necessary to check and read the book that contains the whole info needed to learn the best.
It was great following up the course, I have completed the first two section of the course.You teaching skill are great,I consider myself lucky that I found about this course of you. Very happy that I have something good to learn in this lock-down situation. Thank you so much for providing such a great course free of cost.
You need to take this course just for the professor Chuck itself. it is not easy to teach someone something which is completely new. It is like teaching a,b,c,d's for children when they first enter school. Programming is like that and Chuck did an excellent job in teaching the basics of Python.I really enjoyed this course.
An excellent introduction to Python geared towards people without programming experience.If you already have you can still find it interesting, but maybe take one evening per lesson instead of a week.At the end of this course you will be able to start using Python and the most common data structures to solve real problems.
I very much enjoyed this course that I took as a continuation of the "Python for Everybody" specialisation. I am also highly motivated to continue with the specialisation.The lectures are short and crisp, the lecturer is very engaging, and practical exercises are woven into each module.I would highly recommend the course.
This course is really suitable for beginners or people who want to start programming for the first time with a different background in their personal job, I learned a lot and I love the challenges in each homework.I am full of thanks to Professor Charles Russell Severance who teaches us vividly, with details and calmness.
Dr. Chuck you rock, the way you explained all Data Structures are truly amazing. i used to hate coding during my Engineering days. The final year project i did in Electronics, i had my colleague to write C program for Control Valve functionality and i did all other part. i regret why i didnt find you during that time :-).
Also the 2nd course in this specialization is really good, I got through it quite fast but along the way I started to see the fact that I was making less mistakes and was able to fix my own mistakes without checking all the lectures again. I'm really starting to get it, off to the next course! BTW: dr. Chuck is amazing :)
I really should be thanking Dr. Chuck for presenting this course! I went through the course while using the Py4e textbook( that's available for free ). It was very informative and clear. The examples provided really helped me form my ow thoughts on the process i was gonna take to solve a problem. Definitely recommend it.
Prof. Charles Severance's teaching is absolutely wonderful. Before taking up this course I used to dread coding, even when I started, I thought I would end up failing but this course started right from the beginning and it gave me a lot of confidence in programming. This is by far the best course I have ever seen/taken.
Thanks Mr. Severance, I really enjoyed  Python classes! I was struggling a lot as an engineering student, since I was feeling that I imitated how the lecturer wrote a piece of code. The syllabus is easy enough for anyone to understand. I really do appreciate your work and hope to also enlighten others with my knowledge!
Amazing course. I learned the data structures in Python in detail. The prof makes the course fun to learn with all his enthusiasm and office hours videos and other videos. He explains everything in great detail. Thank you so much Prof. I can't wait to finish the Specialization and earn my certificate. Thanks a ton Prof.
I quickly got convinced to take the other courses in this series after taking part in this course.  I started programming Python out of need to complete my thesis work, so there were many things about data structures in Python that I was not aware of.  Recommended for beginner programmers with little or no CS background
Super useful. all of these examples are useful in real life and the instructions and explanations were clear and understandable. Dr. Severance is an amazing professor. Can't wait to start the next course! The course was very easy for me as a CS student, but its also very clear for people with no programming background.
Python Data Structures is a great course for anyone who is interested in learning computer programming. The concepts taught here are very relevant to the field of Computer Science and apply to any programming language. ... Chuck speaks and teaches well, and he is very enthusiastic about the subject of Computer Science.
Awesome course! Thanks to Dr. Chuck! I really love learning Python Data Structures. I know how to program in C ++, but Python is simpler and more user-friendly. Plus, it provides plenty of useful tools and allows your imagination to flow better when programming than when I have to worry about parentheses or semicolons.
Dr.Chuck is my favorite lecturer.His way of teaching helps me to listen attentively even in boredom.And his bonus videos are really funny, useful and makes me to laugh at times and feel relaxed.In one of his bonus videos,he shared his visit to Bangalore,India.I also wish him to come PSG Tech,Coimbatore,Tamilnadu,India.
I'm coming back a few months after completing the first course to continue the specialization and the course picks back up GREAT. Since I am versed a little in python the course was easy, but just like with the first course, I was able to learn things I previously didn't know. I'm excited to move on to the next course!
The professor is really wonderful. He teaches the concept in such a manner that any person even from a non technical background can understand computer programming. It is really very awesome, thanks to such an excellent tutorial by coursera and university of Michigan. I truly loved it and it was a wonderful experience.
Dear Mr. Severance,It has been an absolute pleasure to take this course with you. Your simplistic way of teaching complex concepts is wonderful. Am very grateful to you and Coursera for giving the likes of me and millions other the opportunity to learn and grow constantly. All your courses are amazing. Thank you again.
I love this course. It taught me python programming from scratch and now I am able to do some simple programming and no longer afraid of scripting! Great thanks to the instructor and the teaching assistants who replied the questions in discussion forum so fast. Thank you all and see you guys again in the next course :D
The day I started learning Corsera Platform I learned a lot. I would to say about my experience with Coursera,i  loved it,I  have loved the learning I have been able to do and look forward to taking many more classes with them ... I don't understand the reviews with low ratings. I have never had any problems with them
I really believe this is one of the best courses reason being is the challenge it brings you and the journey of going back to material and being able to connect the dots especially being new in python and programming itself the lessons i learn here are not for the time being they are for life regardless of the outcome
Chuck!!! Thanks so much you are an incredible teacher and I can also tell an incredible human being.
Ofcourse im going to keep on going with the next certificates.
This classes are awesome and with this you allow that people with low or non income can learn, grow and improve their quality life. Thanks so much again!!!
Its a very wonderful experience learning this course.The course was taught in a very splendid way. Thank you to the professor who have been helping me throughout the course.The assignments are also very well designed such that one uses the whole concept that is taught till date.Thank you Coursera for the opportunity.
This was a very great experience, the quality of the course and the teaching was fabulous. For everyone who has just completed (getting started with pyhton) do finish this, as this particular course is a very important part of the overall programming language. I had a lot of fun learning this, hope everyone does too.
The Professor is excellent, slides are very helpful, and the course work is challenging. This is my 2nd course with this professor, and I would take another course with this professor. My only regret is not taking the time to meet other students. I really want to do that in the next course I take with this Professor.
Course is excellent for learning python : if you are an experience programmer in any other language, you can probably finish it in less than a week. If however you have no prior exposure to programming, it will surely take you longer, however you will end up learning the topics pretty easily. The instructor is great.
Simply superve course , I got very good programming knowledge of python looking forward to complete entire specialization. Thanks Charles Severance, you were amazing and bonus lectures of inventors of different programmin languages are very encouraging and you are doing very good job. Thank you so much for the course
This was a very great introduction to Data Structures in Python, now i can manage files and do crazy things to them, it isn't hard to understand separately, but this course helps to understand how they mix together and build a new kind of structure.Thank you for teaching!Python is indeed a very useful tool/language.
This help me a lot to learn python data structure and algorithm in very easy way also all the faculty members are so cooperative with me.                                                                                                           All doubts are cleared within an hours by instructors in Discussion form.
Strongly recommend this course to every and anyone, I am a Software Engineer that dedicated to other businesses more than 10 years ago, now with some extra time in my hands decided to learn new programming languages. Love programming. Dr Chuck is an excellent teacher. I'm really happy I found this course and took it
I will definitely celebrate that I have finally getting started with Python. Dr chuck is super professional and make all that things looks simple and easy to begin. I really grow up my interest in  Python and I would review the course content again, watch other basic level course and practice my programmming skills!
DRC , dr. chuck, continues to build the foundation started in the first course and then demonstrates how the lessons built from the trivial to the substantial.  I like how we the basics are intertwined with best practices in writing the code.  I plan on continuing this series.  The light-hardheartedness is wonderful
It had taken me to the next level of expertise in programming and gave enough confidence to take on data analysis using python as a beginner in programming. All excited to take the next level of the course to continue the learning. Thanks to Dr. Charles Severance and the Coursera team for this wonderful opportunity.
This professor was really engaging and I did not experience the normal nodding off when I watch lectures for online courses. I liked the assignments and felt they were challenging, but not extreme. I liked the bonus features at the end because it made the course a little bit more exciting than other online courses.
it was  a wonderful experience of learning Python Data Structure because it helps me to use python in various domain in a different way using these data structures.It helped me a lot in prototyping various unit-modules of project on which i am working.Thank very much Sir, for this course and your precious guidance.
Excellent course with an excellent teacher, I had a hard time completing the last assessment but I finally did it by my own! That's what I like the most of this course, that for people like me who are not used to programming, it turns out to be challenging yet it leaves you with a great satisfaction when completed.
Thanks a lot Coursera staff and Professor Charles Severance!!! Great job!!! The course is help me a lot. Python is my first programming language.  I started my bachelor degree in Information Systems at UFPE (Universidade Federal de Pernambuco) from Brazil, and our first discipline about programming was with Python.
This is a very good course for all those who want to begin with Python. Dr. Chuck has a very great ability to speak and express his views in a very simple and understanding way. Exercises in course are very good, where you can definitely test your learning and how much you have concentrated on each and every word.
I really enjoyed the learning journey the courses in this specialization offers.  They were delivered in very friendly manner and with the assignments were very helpful in understanding and grasping the concepts learned. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for this great course!  I'll definitely go for the next one in the series.
Excellent course module with a very dynamic instructor(Dr. Charles Severance). I just loved the way he teaches and the contents that he covered with so many exercises, assignments and quizzes. It was really challenging job to do the assignments. Thanks coursera  and a very special thanks to Sir Charles Severance.
This course is very useful for not only to new bees, but also the to the experienced one. The professor taught the tutorials in such a way that it will be understood by any one of us. The information which is taught here is very crystal clear with no confusions. Thanks course era and thanks University of Michigan
I have previously attended other programming courses and never really got in the groove. This course has woken up the programmer  in me and I am truly enjoying the experience. I hope to complete the five courses on Python programming. Sincere thanks to Professor Severance for his easy to follow style of teaching.
Dr. chuck is unmatchable. I wasn't sure about taking online course but my elder brother who is an Engineer at Intuit in silicon valley encouraged me to go for it and i am very happy to have virtually met with Dr. chuck.I am going to learn rest of the python courses as mentioned in p4informatics  book by Dr. chuck
Good intro to python data structures. If you are experienced in other languages, you will probably find this course very easy, but it still provides a decent foundation, and introduces you to some concepts that may not be present in your dynamic language of choice (e.g. there are no tuples in javascript or ruby).
excellent , I've taken course 1 and 2 (up to chapter 10 in the book), and subjects are clear. sometimes assignments were more challenging in this course but when you repeat the lectures and read more, at some point you make it anf you feel proud of yourself. you really get strong foundations if you are commited.
The course wonderfully completes the loop by making the student capable of writing and understanding the code that was shown on the first day of the first course. It makes you realize how far you've come without even noticing it because they made it so much fun and easy to learn. Dr Chuck is a wonderful faculty!
This is a really good way for us to refresh or even learn on python data structures from scratch. It would be really helpful to check out 'Getting Started with Python' once before checking this out for it uses a lot of the intro chapters of the textbook 'Python For Everybody' by Prof. Charles Russell Severance.
In this course i learnt a lot about python data structures. Earlier i used to think what are these used for?? But now i have good knowledge about its application in real word. It was great to be part of this course. All thanks to Professor Charles for explaining the concepts so nicely. He is a great instructor.
This a great course for people that wants to learn programming but do not have much free time and need a deadline to complete tasks.  I have learn a great amount in the short time. Though the book is free, I purchased a copy from Amazon so I can read it during my commute. I am telling everyone about this class.
It is a great course, this course teaches us the Data Structures in Python. On all that the Instructor(Dr. Chuck) is very Cool :) and the best, to teach Python. Thank You Sir for your time and your panache in teaching is one of the best. I Thank University of Michigan and Coursera for this opportunity as well.
Really good course! I completed the last assignment with my own codes without looking at much samples! woohoo! love it and I'd highly recommend taking it if you know the basics.
Dr Chuck teaches really well and explains things well. I just wish there were some exercises to  work on before doing the assignment.
Amazing course getting deeply into the use of lists/dictionaries/tuples w/ Python; Fundamental assets to start writing your own scripts to read file logs/gather info and present them as needed; I would have enjoyed more if there would have been additional optional exercises but completely worth it in any case!
Excellent course ! I learnt more about Data structures. The material were very easy to follow and deliver in a very friendly and engaging manner.I would like to thank instructor Dr.Chuck  for making this course amazing and enjoyable.I highly recommend this course to anyone just getting started in programming.
I love Dr Chuck. Thank you for all your effort in this course. I am starting to feel very comfortable with coding. I even build my first simplified Database management system of a website. Its always been a goal of mine to build my own DBMS system in my current job. I look forward to the next course with you.
I liked the way Dr. Chuck teaches the course. Always in a charming and exciting way. Learned a lot about the basics in this course. Simply the best interactive MOOC I have ever had. Thanks a lot! I will definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to start their path into the field of Programming using Python.
The course was user-friendly, informative and up to the mark.It helped me improve my error analysis skills and become a proficient python programmer.I expresss my gratitude to the University of MIchigan for availing students with such a wonderful course and to Dr. Charles Severance for his excellent teaching.
it's the second part of the python course.Dr. Chuck is really a great teacher and instructor.You will be directed to python programming with a clear understanding.I wanted to say more, but I only can say this:"This is a beautifully great course, and Doctor Chuck is gonna change you."Thank you Dr Chuck, always
Prof. Charles Severance conducts this course with an excellent pace using easy to grasp examples. I took Python for everybody and Python Data structures. I thoroughly enjoyed the course structure with the quizzes and coding assignments. This online course felt like a classroom experience. Thank you Professor!
Great course for beginners and intermediate students. Because I have skills in other programming languages it was not that hard to pass assignments. But I learned a lot: that in Python Strings are objects, manipulating files and new complex data structures like lists, dictionaries and so on. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
The course progressed at an easy pace, building up the momentum gradually. It is a perfect start for a beginner in Python(after doing the first course).Suggestion: Please provide some information about where once can practice further to hone the concepts learnt in the course. Thanks for the course, Dr. Chuck.
Pace is a faster than it was in Python for Everybody. However, as always, Dr. Chuck was simply sublime in his explanations and the depth with which he demonstrates certain concepts. The course definitely teaches you to put the concepts learned in Python for Everybody into practice for real, tangible problems.
I really enjoyed this course. It has been a excellent experience with good tutorials, interesting homework and funny videos. I started with the first level "Python for everybody" and the next courses have provide to me a new tools to be a Python developer. Thank you Dr. Chuck to teach in this phenomenal way!!
I never knew I had it in me for programming until I took Prof Chuck's courses.Like he says everyone can program, now I believe him. Thanks, prof for believing in us and teaching in a way that makes it easier for us to actually read and understand the course. Can't wait to start the nest course in the series!
I definitely find this course comprehensible and suitable for every beginner, as it was just my second course of the specialisation. I wish I had more programming exercises on a weekly basis so I could practice more pieces of new knowledge as not every one was covered. I'm thankful and continue this journey.
The combination of video with a text book to review helped me grasp the concepts and review them effectively. I enjoyed the format of the course. I worked out the examples on both Python 2.7 and Python 3.0. A lot of syntax nuances that would have been hard to grasp without the text book. Thank you Professor.
I really enjoyed this course and its prequel. Dr. Chuck, you are a wonderful teacher and I really appreciate the efforts and time you have put into each video. It almost feels like a breeze learning with you. I have learned a lot from your courses and hopefully will complete the specialisation in the future.
The rate is excellent. Dr. Chuck is very detailed and thorough. The first PYTHON course was the "Python for Everybody" which was fantastic. I needed to review data structures and file handling and this course is right on target for me. Thank you so much for your efforts and dedication, Dr. Chuck. (Six Stars)
Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher,  give you a lot of details in each topic. The course is in English ,you need an upper intermediate level to understand the videos. In my case I'm from Per and it was a little bit difficult to understand the language but hopefully I have previous knowledge in programming.
The instructor explains the topic very concisely and easy to understand. I learn that in programming, it doesn't matter if your code is longer than others, if it still works. There are still time to improve myself in terms of getting the job done efficiently. We learned it by experience. Thank you Dr Chuck
Learnt lots of new stuff,it was quite challenging because i did complete the entire course in 1 day.So for people who have already taken course 1 of python programming,by making short notes and practicing,this course can be completed easily.As always,Dr Chuck delivered the contents in a really good manner.
I felt a sort difficult in this course but I am fine with the topics and it took me hours to complete all assignment. well, I am happy to complete this course and moreover I need to refresh all the topics that I had learned. this is one of the great course to improve my knowledge regarding python.thank you
This course is really amazing, i would like to recommend it to everybody who is interested in programming but have no skills in it (or just a little after the course "Getting started with python").  Thanx a lot for Professor Charles Severance, your lectures are very easy-to-understand and with great humor!
Great and concise course for all Python beginners! Fun and informative lectures, understandable material and good (but simple) exercises. Here you will get pretty much what you need on data structures in Python, and the course is a natural extension of the first course in the specialization. Two thumbs up!
I took a python's introdution class in University a couple years ago. But I realiace I didn't learn nothing at that time. This course, on the other hand, teach me so much.  It encourage me to learn more about programming and try to earn my life doing this. The teacher is so nice. Thanks alot to Dr. Chuck.
Excellent, It clearly gave me insight into programming, where earlier it was a big mountain in front of me, clear understanding of data structure handling, Now i am confident enough to work further on python programming to build my skills further and later build applications relating to agriculture domain
Very good foundation Python programming language course delivered by Dr Chuck. Quite tough some times. I suggest you type all the program lines shown on his slides and pause the video, think about the result and then listen to his explanations. This is my second course and looking forward to the next one.
Absolutely a fantastic class and Dr. Chuck is amazing.  If you have any interest in Computer Science, writing code and programming, this is a great place to start.  Find out if you like it and want to pursue it or just give yourself some basic knowledge in understanding the basis of code and how it works.
can we have problems solved in classes i know they will be tough but we will give a try for every chapter or week so that we will have more explose that field. sir please think about my request. the only reason i am taking these course is because it was offered by your university and also beacause of you.
Thank you,Sir Charles Severance for teaching Python Data Structures in such a simple way that i completed this course without facing any difficulties. Now i am very excited to complete all the course of this specialization. And ones again thank for Sir Charles for improving my basic fundamental in Python.
I have enjoyed this course so much!! I had zero experience in Python,prior to this specialization,but now I understand and have learnt so much more.Dr. Chuck is a brilliant instructor and really broke this down into understandable chunks so it was easy to grasp.Looking forward to learn more about Python!
Professor Charles Russel is the best instructor so far I've found in Coursera. His teaching skills are fascinating. He does have these tricks to connect with students mentally, what students need to know, how they can understand, and all. I'd suggest anyone who is interested in Python, to do this course.
This is a great continuation to the Programming for everybody  course.  It is a concise explanation of the data representations in Python above simple values, variables & expressions.  Strings, Lists, Files, Dictionaries, & Tuples are covered well enough to get a basic understanding of manipulating data.
I now have a good understanding of Python programing, but I think I am a long way from applying this knowledge to useful purpose.  I am hoping that as I advance through the future instructional materials I will improve my skills. I think I would not have been able to accomplish this by independent study.
This is the second course in the Python for Everyone series which continues (and concludes) the introduction to Python.  The course's automated grading made it easy to continue with each assignment at my own pace; and the way the information is presented makes it easy to learn without getting frustrated.
Great course! Fascinating Professor!Recommend to everyone who wants to start learning Python or programming in general!Many many thanks to Professor Charles for holding the course and generously sharing his work with us! I've really learned a lot!Can't wait to start the next course in the specialization!
A very well designed course that gives just enough information in the lectures to complete the assignments without giving the whole answer away. I have been learning JavaScript on my own and paired with this course specialization I feel like I am slowly learning the important fundamentals of programming.
Great course.  It's a very succinct introduction to the basic data structures in Python.  Dr. Chuck is very engaging and easy to understand.  The assignments and quizzes provide a good measuring stick as to your progress.  The peer-reviewed assignments are a great feature.  I really enjoyed this course.
This is the only Python course I could concentrate in and proceed on.Prof. Severance gives students very important emphasis when he thinks that the students must understand something perfectly to step on to the next step. I think it is kind of warning, and makes me review the previous lecture materials.
This is the second course in the Python for Everybody specialization.  
The course is really structured for us.

Dr. Severance (Dr. Chuck) does an excellent job of making the concepts 
clear and understandable. 

Dr. Chuck has an unusual sense of humor, but I think most students will enjoy it as I have.
I am a medical student so I am very far away from programming but this course and the professor really prove that programming is for everyone with the simple and complete explaining of the topics. great job professor I am happy to learn from you and to the have the honor to take the certificate from you
As someone with hardware IT experience but NO coding/programming expieirence, I felt all the courses I have taken under Mr. Severance has been so beginner friendly and I have learned a lot. I never thought I would have this passion, these materials are so easy to...digest and I recommend it for anyone.
Dr Chuck is Amazing. In the beginning the programming assignments seem easy but as you progress through the weeks, the assignments get more interesting and challanging requiring you to remember the course material that you studied in the previous course. And Dr. Chuck's sense of humuor is also awesome.
I am taking this course to gain a knowledge base for my PhD. Great course that built on Dr. Severance's first intro course. The assignments were the right level of challenging without being frustrating and really helped me understand how lists, dictionaries, and tuples can be utilized to achieve tasks.
Prof. Charles is a very fascinating person and very enthusiastic and a true teacher who instills loads of confidence even in an ordinary student by explaining most difficult concepts in a very fun filled manner..Huge gratitude to Prof. Charles Severance, thanks a lot sir.. from the bottom of my heart..
Im so glad that i finished this course successfullyso many thanks to my dear lovely Dr.Charles.I like his teaching style,he makes it easy for students to understand everything,even a students without any programming experience like me. I highly recommend this course for you who want to learn Python.
Great course!!! By the end I felt like I really have solid grasp on low level programming and the basic programming concepts. Interesting exercises involving parsing through a text file that makes use of all these techniques. Extremely practical! Can't recommend this course enough. Definitely take it!
Awesome course, well taught, easy to understand and goes beyond just learning Python. The lectures on the people who created other languages and libraries are great. I've learned a lot and I'm hoping that Dr. Chuck keeps creating courses. He's simply amazing. That said, I'd love a class on algorithms.
I was an absolute beginner when i started the Python for Beginner course and now after Python Data Structure I feel like i can code easily in Python. I have gained a lot of confidence in coding because of this course. I want to Thank Dr. Chuck for guiding me through the whole python programing world.
Thanks a lot for this fantastic course. For someone who was totally new to programming in any computer language, I feel confident and really motivated to learn more of python and apply this gained knowledge to work as a data analyst. Thanks for all the effort you have put into the creation of course.
Truly enjoyed the course and Dr Severance's talks. However, I believe that more assignments would help me feel more confortable about "mastering" a topic before moving on to the next one. Even if the course does not have more exercises, pointing towards where they can be found would be highly useful.
This course was awesome. Even though I took previous course on python on other mooc platforms like edx, but I liked this course more than anyone else. And also the instructor Dr. Chuck did a very good job. He made this course engaging, funny, very easy. I did not how I completed this course so fast.
The second course in the specialization Python for Everybody was equally exciting as the first one. The course content is tastefully selected and the pace is perfect to catch up all the minute details. Dr. Chuck is a wonderful professor and has truly helped in making learning so easy and efficient.
Dr. Chuck is an amazing human being. I have been taught C and C++ in my university but still had zero confidence in coding even though my grades are amazing but this course is more than just learning to code and I'm grateful to this course for instilling in me that little bit of confidence to code.
I am not new to python. I've learnt already in college. But, lacks clarity in basic concepts. I strongly recommend this course which strengths you from scratch of problem solving using data structures. Now, I am pretty confident to solve problems in python. Special mention to Dr. Chuck (Instructor)
That is an excellent introduction to Python. Dr. Chuck explains everything very clearly. What is more, he is really inspiring which is great. Before this course I thought that programming is something very complicated which I cannot learn. But now it seems absolutely possible:) Thank you very much!
The teaching methodology of Professor Chuck is the main reason I was able to complete this course in 4 days only. He never lets my interest in python decrease and I am always eager to learn new things in Python and the pace set by him is ideal. For a week there is only one topic which helps a lot.
Good course for beginners. Easy exercises, well planned course. Most importantly, the course is based on a book. Learners can read the book and/or watch the video(s), that makes following this course easy. There is a room for improvement, though, a real life case study is missing in the syllabus.
I feel rather grateful to complete these courses and thank you for Dr.Church to use his sense of humor to add flavor for the python study. However, the assignments and the course content starts to be a little difficult to me and I need to review it again and again even though I have completed it.
It's an amazing course to do for any python beginner. The instructor has been very fantastic through out the course, his explanations are quite simple and easy to comprehend. one must opt this course if they are willing to step forward in python programming. Thanks everyone for this opportunity.
Dr. Chuck nails it again - this is the perfect follow-up to the 'Python for Everyone' course, as it builds on the groundwork laid there, to produce real-world useful ideas. This course is where it gets interesting.Big thanks to Dr. Chuck and the team at Michigan for putting this course together.
I already learned other programming languages in the past and have forgotten them (more than 10 years agor). This course is really good in refresh  what I know and adding more. It is a really consistent way how this course is structured. Python is really an amazing and easy programming language.
The more i am completing the courses under this specialization, the more i am feeling excited to complete rest of the courses. The teaching method of this instructor is awesome! Python is great and he is making it easier to catch.I would like to recommend everyone to take this course.Thank you.
it was a great course , i've learned many things after the basics , that i've never thought of it , also a bit challenging too but everything went so easy thanks to our instructor Dr. Chuck , without him i would  be so hard to do this on my own , so thank you so much for the support Dr.Chuck :)
The level of difficult in the course was just right. I was able to use the knowledge that i accumulated over the first Python for everyone course and was able to completed all projects without issue but not without thinking about the issue and was not too easy. Very excited to start the course.
This course provides crisp, to the point knowledge about various data structures in python, and provides relevant information and examples so that one knows when to use what data structure. The assignments are great to get started and neither too intimidating nor very easy. Highly recommend it!
This is an excellent course to understand Python data structures.  Charles Severance is clearly an expert of the subject and does an excellent job fostering understanding in students.  He explains concepts in a way that is very easy to understand for anyone, especially those new to programming.
It was fun. I am just really enjoyed. Now I have confidence is parse and extract data. Also I can play with data. The assignments were also exciting and tough enough to stimulate my mind. Special thanks to Dr. Chuck he made this very easy. And thanks to coursera for providing me financial aid.
Thanks so much for Supporting I just love the way You guys are Teaching because All the assignments I've done till now made me think out of the box and kept me busy for hours thinking about more thoughts and more solutions Thank you so much for This amazing Course and SupportThank you Dr.Chuck
I have completed the first two courses in the specialization "Python for Everybody". And now what keeps me with the same motivation and the same excitement as the beginning, is the unmatchable sense of humour of Dr.Chuck and the way he keeps everything straight to the point and understandable.
Great course.

Professor Severance makes things really clear and easy to understand.

The assignments are crucial for mastering the fundamentals of manipulating files, lists, dictionaries, and tuples. They are worth spending time struggling with.

Overall, excellent lectures and course design.
A great introduction to Python.  Dr. Severance did a wonderful job explaining all of the topics in a way that was easy to understand and learn.  The exercises were the perfect level of difficulty - a little bit challenging, but completely possible given the things we learned in video lectures.
Really enjoyed this class a lot! I'm very proud of myself finishing all the 10 chapters and fully comprehend them within a short period of time, and you'll be able to do this FOR SURE!!! Easy to understand, and very motivational to accomplish every chapter with its assignments. Challenge now!
Very well structured course that takes you step by step through the concepts and gives you a clear understanding of the inner functioning of the code your write. I am sure this insight will be very useful when one gets to writing live code and this knowledge will help write more optimal code.
An excellent course. Would specifically recommend this course to the people who are novices in programming and who are new to python. This course will definitely help you appreciate the basics of python and some relevant use cases. A big thank you to Dr. Chuck for creating an excellent course
Its was an interesting course. I wanted to learn python from such a long time and thank you University of Michigan and Coursera for bringing the course to me. and thank you Prof. Severance for teaching me python in such a wonderful way. I m looking forward to taking similar Courses in future.
Thank you so much for this really engaging, intuitive and exciting course, Professor Chuck! I really enjoyed myself and it was definitely a great introduction to data structures! Recommended for beginners or whoever wants to revise their understanding of Python data structure fundamentals :)
The course is very well structured and fluid. So after learning the basics, this is the nice platform to dive into python a bit more. I love the teaching style of Dr. Chuck. He keeps things interesting while making us try and make mistakes and learn from them. It was great learning from him!
Professor Chuck has tons of enthusiasm for teaching in general and for teaching computer science. Professor Chuck makes the class fun and distills the information in an understandable format. I would highly  recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn more about programming in Python.
I heard that Python is a very powerful language, but things I have learnt in this course proves that Python is indeed an Elegant and powerful programming language.It was a fun and interesting learning experience, Assignments were challenging. Excellent explanation of concepts! I enjoyed it.
Excellent course and excellent instructor Dr. Chuck learning with fun . learned alot things in Python for Data Structures course do register and happy learning.Thank You Michigan University , Coursera and Class Central for providing us such a great platform for learning programming language
A great course on data structures to begin with as it includes all the essential details of the data structures and the instructor i.e. dr. chuck is very good and clears all the misconceptions within the lectures , the bonus of each chapter also gives knowledge about important basic things.
I took this course as part of the Python for Everybody Specialization in Coursera, and is the second course for that class, I loved the way every single topic is given, also the reading material is really complete, so if you combine both (reading and videos) you will reallz enjoy the course
I liked the course and how the content is divided into chunks, making learning easier and having immediate feedback before it is too late.  I would just add some more optional assignments to hone in the concepts.  I also enjoyed very much the bonus interviews, they give life to the subject!
Dr Chuck is great at what he does, and truly enjoys his work. This makes a great difference as a student. This is a solid introduction to Python's DataStructures and i really enjoyed the class. Quizzes and assignments were very organised and made sure I didn't miss anything from the class.
The python data structure is really great. Dr. Chuck is really great. He is one of the best instructors I met. The course materials are perfect lectures, assignments, quiz everything is great. It is good for everyone as a beginner and for anyone who wants to deepen their skills in python.
Great course to learn about python data structures in file, string, list, dictionary and tuples. It start from solving a problem with string, then move on to list, dict and tuple gradually by revisiting the same problem again and how to use the more advanced method we learn along the way.
Love this course and the textbook that it uses. The videos really tie in the textbook so that pretty much everything you might have questions about is explained and worked through. It has made learning python3 easier than I thought it would be for someone with no programming experience!!
This is the best thing that I have ever done. I said this in the review of the first course and again I am saying this. This is only because of Dr. Charles. He is a brilliant teacher and also a brilliant person. If you really want to learn python just go for it. One of the best courses.
The Python Data Structures course is a very good one. The material is presented in structured manner. The the way  Dr Charles Severance presented the theory is brilliant. I highly recommend this course for Python beginners or who was not successful with other Python courses (as myself).
Python data structures is a really helpful class to learn the basics of python and apply them in real world. 
This course definitely elevated my interest in python and I would find ways to use it at my work. 
This course also encouraged me to learn more of python by taking more courses.
I first took this class just as some kind of quick refresher of basic python... but I got totally hook with this second course!I really like the practical orientation of that specialization so far. It's sometime a bit cheesy but it's such a well design MOOC. I definitively recommend it!
Really amazing course. Charles Severance is a wonderful teacher and the exercises really help to consolidate the material that he teaches. Coding initially seemed like an intimidating task, and now I feel proficient at the basics and ready to continue writing scripts and learning more.
Awesome explanation by the instructor. The method with he teaches will surely help the beginners to grasp any concept easily.  However, having known a little python, i think there should be videos regarding exactly how the data structures are laid into the memory. Overall its perfect!
I spent more time on this course than the getting start with python course. Even though I can finish the quits and assignments after watching the videos, I highly recommend the book for this course. There are some tips that are not mentioned in the videos, but they are very practical.
I think this is a marvelous course for people from grassland as me to learn Python and really feel being able to use it as a tool instead of just another lecture completed. I would recommend this course to any of my friend who attempt to join the Data Scientist world. Thank you Chuck!
The lecture is quite awesome and interesting to complete the course; Course structure helps anyone to understand why we need to do that, what to be done, how can be made and most important where can be utilized. Thanks, Mr Charles Russell Severance and his team for an amazing course.
Dr. Chuck is a great instructor, and the course format pairs lecture and practice very well to foster actual learning and retention of the material. I started several Python courses on different platforms to decide which platform to continue with, and this was BY FAR the best course.
I can not believe how much I've learned and how comfortable I feel.  Getting better all the time.  Dr. Chuck's courses are wonderful and with some good self-study on top of the course, you'll be doing some pretty cool stuff in no time.  Looking forward to continuing on this path.  :)
It was a good crash course on python programming, the professor teaches from basic level with step by step manner and hand-on practice and the assignments revise the learned concepts. It would be very helpful in my future.  I would like to learn a further part of python programming.
The Instructor is really good.It's really a course for beginners.The way Dr. Charles delivers his lectures is fascinating.He explains things in a more understandable way for people with non-cs backgrounds.In fact,even if you're from cs background,you'll find the courses very helpful
Another excellent intro course for Python novices taught by a wonderful professor in Dr. Chuck. I look forward to continuing in the Python for Everybody specialization and highly encourage anyone at all interested in Python or programming in general to check out Dr. Chuck's courses.
This class was great! So far the whole series has been wonderful. It moves at a great pace and the assignments are in manageable chunks to allow you to really learn each section.  I have enjoyed these courses over my in class programming courses I took at Michigan while I was there.
It was a great experience with this course and the instructor was very much  interesting i enjoyed attending videos with him .It was a course which will provide you the best thing in less time and the assignments are also very good,it was quite tough but i enjoyed while solving it.
Not too much, not too little. To me, I thought this course was going to be mainly a review. However, I learned much more than I expected in the 3 days it took me to complete. For those who understand programming but don't understand Python, this course should be very quick for you.
It was not really easy for me to finish these courses in the busy schedules but I did find some feeling on the computer language by this course. Thank you for your dedication to the world and hopefully I can be a part of your journey sometime in the future. I am from S.Korea btw :)
Professor is very passionate about the course. Good class to go along with Python for everybody, class is taught in a very understandable way with good examples. the professor also works through code examples in a very understandable way.  one of the best online courses ive taken!
This is an excellent course, well designed with practical assignments and covers a lot of ground in a short period of time. with an excellent professsor and mentoring staff. Special kudos to Tamara Brunnock for her depth of knowledge, prompt response, teaching skill and patience .
It's was amazing to learn data structure in python from sir charles, the way course is design that makes me more interested and the bonus video keeps you entertaining throughout the course. i should say its worth taking this course. I learned a lot and I wish I could sir charles.
Excellent course to learn Python data structure concepts and their practical usage. I have bought many books on Python programming. However this course helped me to gain the best understanding of Python list, dictionary and tuple and differences between them. Thank you very much.
Very good course to understand about the data structures in Python. Supported by nice quiz and thought provoking assignments. Really enjoyed the course and proud of myself in completing this course successfully. Would strongly recommend this course to aspiring Python programmers.
I completed this course in trhee days, because I'm not working now, and I have many time in a day, I'm a programmer in different programing languages, but  I need to update my knowledge because in my last job was not related in the IT area and I spent 5 years, so I needed update
This course helps to learn the basics of Python in such an adorable I can't elaborate. Very cool delivery by Dr. Charles. Thank you to all who are behind this. I would highly recommend this course who have just started coding and want to clear their basics this course is great.
Wonderful course, Dr. Chuck is an articulate, passionate and playful teacher that truly loves what he does. He embraces his geeky side with complete confidence in an almost contagious manner. I truly enjoyed the last two courses with Dr. Chuck and can't wait for the next two :)
Getting harder than the first class in python, a good course for first learner to get further python knowledge.Doctor Severance is a vary qualified and humorous teacher, puts efforts into this courses.If you have time, you can go through material efficiently and get the credit.
This is a great course with all the core essentials that are necessary for actually applying code to something useful. The only thing I would say could make this course better would be including a hacker edition to the problem sets that would help serve to deepen understanding.
Another useful course made easy to understand by professor Charles Severance. Important fundamentals that will prepare you for future programming courses. I highly recommend continuing with this specialization before going onto more advanced topics, certifications, or degrees.
This course is very challenging, but I am enjoying the process of learning this material. Sometimes I feel it is overwhelming, but researching other videos on YouTube really helps me out sometimes. I am so proud of what I have accomplished thus far! I can't wait to keep going!
This was the most interesting course that I have taken. I had learnt so many things and trust me Dr. Chuck is the best teacher in the world. I loved that course and my learning has been increased after taking this course. Thank you so much Chuck sir. I would like to meet you.
Excellent course that provides basic knowledge about data structures. I strongly recommend this course to anyone who has no programming experience and want to learn Python. Dr. Chuck is great teacher who has the ability to teach hard concept in an interesting and easy manner.
Very productive way to learn how to get data from not structured sources.
As as second course I learned how to get important data from not structured source of information, so far I Think I already have the knowledge to start developing my own tools for boost my productivity.
The pace set by Prof. Chuck is perfect for each topic as the course progresses.  This is an extremely well designed and accessible method of learning Python.  The ability to go at one's own speed as time permits is invaluable.  I'm excited to keep going in the specialization.
I completed the second course of the 5-course specialization! I can do more! I really like HP and the graduation ceremony part. I've never been to an American style graduation ceremony before. This is my first time! Thank you Dr. Severance for providing this wonderful course.
Concepts were new to me and required interest as well as persistence to complete. Dr. Chuck's beautifully organised lectures and the way he taught certainly helped me become better at the concepts day by day and I'm no longer afraid of computer science! I love Python! Sssss!
very good course with clear explanation, examples, and guidance, thank you very much for the lesson so now i would be able to at least doing a code in python as I never touch it before.. hopefully I could continue my study in this specialization course until the last course.
Best in class course, materials and other stuff, Dr.Chuck is really a man of intellect and fun, which makes his lectures even more interactive and motivating. These types of teachers is of what world need right now. Great work, to all those involved in making of this course.
It was a fantastic course. I learned a lot from it. After completing the first course in this specialization, all the concepts were cleared and hence, part 2 was easy to understand. Charles Severance sir is an awesome teacher who explains the concepts very clearly. Cheers !!
The course was very well designed in it's approach to teaching data structures and subsequently putting them to use in such a way that you would exert yourself in thinking how to solve problems, but at the same time the material you covered would still prove to be helpful.
One can enjoy by learning in this course. When I started this specialization I knew nothing about programming but now I am can say that I am better than beginner and by continuing this specialization I may not be an Expert but I am sure that I reach the Intermediate stage.
During the previous course, I wished it was a little more challenging but this course was perfect in my opinion. I do wish number of exercises was more so we get more practice. But other than that, Dr. Chuck is a great instructor and his explanation works very well for me.
This course is really interesting and engaging . It will make you test your understanding about the course in a deeper way. Keep your Ears open and concentrate on the assignments. You will fail, hit hard but you will definitely come back with flying colors. Thanks Dr Chuck
Dr Chuck has been nice, crisp and playful and was able to make me understand every topic, he is the best a professor can be. I personally would recommend anyone interested for this can take this up. It'll surely help. Looking forward to meeting him soon in the next course.
This course enhances and develops your data structures skills and knowledge in python programming language. Dr. Chugg is the best mentor to teach this course and he makes every concepts and problems to understand in a very creative way. I love his methodology of teaching.
Fantastic course. Dr. Chuck is an outstanding instructor, humorous, engaging, easy to follow and learn from. I audited the course, but have decided the following courses in the specialization are worth paying for, so I've signed on for the remainder of the specialization.
Awesome second course from Chuck. He explains the material well and provides a great foundation in Python and coding. The mentors are responsive and helpful when you have questions, and the exercises are a good level of challenge but not so difficult they are frustrating.
this course is very interesting as Dr. Chuck is very good at teaching. The instruction provided in this course are very clear and anyone who can learn coding by this course. But the course has more readable content for you to take notes and reading it may take more time.
The professor is really great. He teaches this course so clearly and at the right pace. I had no understanding of programming other than the first course in the specialization and this class taught me so much. It made me feel confident to pursue more programming classes!
Loved this course! Dr. Chuck is a very friendly instructor and he explained the basics of python data structure beautifully, not to mention the bonus videos which are quite motivating too! If you want to peek into python data structure basics, this is the course for you.
It is a very good experience of attending the course. I missed the earlier course of Python data structures but the topics were explained so nicely that I understood all. Professor Charles gave a very deep insight into the data structures in Python. I have learned a lot.
Dr Chuck puts in a lot of effort into the course. So thanks to him. I highly recommend reading the textbook and doing the exercises in it - in addition to the course work on Coursera. There's a lot of supplementary material for the course online as well if you are stuck.
I completely enjoyed this course and highly recommend it. Dr Chuck does a great job. The lectures are easy to follow. I liked the exercises which have a good balance between being easy enough to succeed at the same time making one to think carefully to find the solution.
Great course! Finished it in 2 days. Lots of trial and error. Really enjoy Dr. Chuck's humor and excellent explanations. Also, thank you very much for providing the option to take this course free of charge. Looking forward to the next course in the series, thanks again!
An awesome course with a rich valuable contents, what ever your level in Python now it, definitely it will take you to the next level. Also, the instructor Dr. Charles is very very simple, clear, funny and a professional teacher you will enjoyed his straight simple way.
After completing this course, I have become a big fan of this instructor. He taught us so nicely and in a very scientific way. The lectures weren't boring at all. All topics were easily and elaborately explained. I am eager to enroll in courses with the same instructor.
I have the same feedback as the previous course in this specialization.  Great videos, easy to follow, and quick to understand.  I liked how the programming assignments keep building on one another.  Dr. Chuck does a great job explaining the material.  Highly recommend.
It is really important course for beginners who are willing to work on python., This Course explains the lists, dictionaries, tuples  in a very understanding way. Assignments are also good. I recommend this course mandatory for people studying python for the first time.
Another excellent course in this series!  I find that I am completing assignments quicker and with less help needed which leads me to believe I'm actually learning!  Great pace and good info...highly recommended for beginners or those who want to learn another language.
This course is exceptional and I started to love Dr. Chuck just because of his cool gestures in delivering concepts and his good heart in sharing experiences in the aim of guiding us to a brighter future. He is by far the greatest mentor I have seen on online platforms
This course was an excellent experience for me! I learned a lot about the Data Structures in Python, which I'm sure will be very useful for my career. I highly recommend it for people who wants to get started in programming and/or want to get to know more about Python!
If you don't have any programming skills or you just want to learn python,then this course is the best for you. The way Chuck teaches you will fall in love with python and want to take more of the courses in this specialization. Thank you chuck for this awesome course.
This course was very well taught, and it helped me to understand how to use and manipulate all kinds of different data structures to solve a problem. The professor's explanation made the Python concepts very easy to learn and understand. I enjoyed the course immensely.
I like the 4-C and 4-P principles that you talked about 4-C: Choice, Commitment, Connections, Completion 4-P: Passion, Persistence, Purpose, and PlayfulnessThis is just the beginning of a number of wonderful courses. I seriously loved the exercises it's quite engaging.
There is no substitute for a great learning website and Coursera is one of them.   You are extra special Charles severance, sir.   Just a note to say youre extra-ordinary Andrew Ng and Daphne Koller because you create a great website for us especially for ANAND KUMAR.
Excellent course for beginners (after taking the first Python course) and for people with some programming experience who want a review or a useful reference guide.I think there's a typo in the code for deleting punctuation in Chapter 9's advanced text parsing section.
Dr Charles Sevenrance really made the good point of the materials. This class is related to the fundamental principle of data structure and the lecturer really made it easy to understand. Perfect course for beginners. Thank you Dr Charles Severance, thank you Coursera!
Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher. he will help u understand the every bit of it and it doesn't really matters whether u r a technical guy or not, cause this course will help building u r programming skills from scratch. thank you coursera and Dr. Chuck for this Course.
You should save your programs on your desktop because once you complete this course in the specialization you'll no longer be able to access your completed assignments for future assignments. Just a tip. I was dumb and didn't backup my work. Learn from my mistake....
this is very good course and able to learn new things about data structures in python .I would like to request you to give responses for me in discussion forum and help me in discussion forum how to create threads and discuss. Thankyou for Charles sir and instructor
Very strong course on data structures. The prof teaches you the deeper understanding behind data structures and not just "a list is a bunch of variables". And a deeper more meaningful understanding of the concepts that build Python ultimately makes you a better dev.
good,nice and clear explanations on the topics of python and i like the practice excercises  as they are some what more near to real  world tasks and i would encourage you to  give more and more new assignments for students to improve their thinking abilitythank you
I have taken this course and the teacher is amazing , the way he interacts and tells stories , its just amazing. Mr Charles have a great knowledge and is very fun to listen to .The course is very well covered and explained and now i am learning python till the end .
Dr. Chuck, is the best.  He is very brilliant, cool, outgoing, and unlike many other people who are much less credentialed, he is unpretentious.  I am looking forward to taking my courses and hope to meet this great man and role model some day.  Thank you Dr. Chuck!
This is a great course. I've learned a lot and Professor Severence is very knowledgeable. I have started applying my new found knowledge at work, writing basic scripts to assist in some of the data cleaning tasks I do. I would highly recommend this course to others.
The Instructor was amazing. I find myself thorough with everything he taught, despite having to finish the course much earlier than expected. Was a unique and eventful learning experience, and felt a connect with the instructor, thanks to those fun bonus videos! (:
I would say it is a splendid way to know the functionality and possible examples of applications of python in real life. This course motivates me to proceed further to see what is next in bucket. I have never been enthusiastic to learn programming the way I am now.
This is one of the best course I have taken in Coursera. Though the assignments are of "hard difficulty" for  beginner like me, I still managed it to finish 27 days ahead of my schedule. It is because i get to enjoy learning that I became committed in finishing it.
Very good conclusion to learning the fundamentals of Python, after the first class. I've already been programming in Python for awhile, but there was some basics I had missed, which was extremely helpful for me to learn about. I'm very excited for the next classes!
Loved this course and Dr. Chuck is my favorite instructor. His way of teaching was definitely a vital motivation for taking up this course. Learnt many new concepts which are actually useful for my work life. Python is a really easy and smart language I would say.
This is the second course I have taken from this series and with Prof Dr. Chuck and I loved it as much as the first one! I had (have) no prior experience with Python but Dr. Chuck makes the lectures so interactive and understandable that even I was able to follow.
I started Python for Everybody five days ago., and I've already completed my second course. I've spent years trying to teach myself programming languages. This course is organized so well that students can build on simple concepts to produce more complex programs.
Dr charles explained this course in the simplest way possible. Also his little funny comments and light-hearted jokes made all the difference as it kept the class engaging giving the student a chuckle or two every couple of minutes. Great teacher and great course!
I just passed the first course "Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) " a month ago and was good, so I started "Python Data Structures" and I gotta say this course is totally different and definitely practical. Well done Coursera it was nice job.
Thank you Dr. Severance. Your course has been very helpful. I also very much appreciated the efforts of teaching assistants, whose contributions in the forum have been very helpful. The step-by-step course design and those worked exercise videos also helped a lot.
The first steps towards functional utility with the Python programming language; this course will give a solid foundation in the practical applications of how to structure information within Python for easy of use, readability, debugging and efficient programming.
I missed data sets as a data structure. I am still not sure how to handle data sets in Python and if it is even possible but I am assuming it is (also looking at the coming classes). A word on data sets even if it is just: It exists and we will deal with it later.
great experience with this course and learned a lot about data structure using python. it is a easy to understand course and covers every basics of tuple, list, dictionary, string, files and all. Best for beginners, and again i had learned a lot from this course.
Dr.Chuck is an amazing instructor, not only shares his professional knowledge of Python but also his meeting with classmates and life during the classes. If you take the course, you will definitely learn a lot from the content of classes, the assignments as well.
It is really helpful course .I love the way Dr. Chunk teaches.Impressive Job ! Everyone has to learn it and master it,and why not ? If elegant way of teaching is present for us ! Thank you Dr.Chunk for clear my concepts regarding this data structures of Python :)
Great course on the basics of Python data structures.  My understanding of the various type of data structures has improved after completing this program. Some key takes away are understanding the inter-link between them and how to apply them to do data analysis.
You keep learning by the same and remarkable method: easy-going video lectures with quizzes and deliverables at the end of each week. Additionally, certain extra videos enables you to have a more open vision of the Python and Programming Community. I, definitely,
Really well explained course! I did have to watch the chapters about Lists and Dictionaries twice to actually get it down (which was recommended at the start of the videos), but I have a much better understanding than any other tutorials that I have taken before.
This course is awesome. I was learning from different resources about data structure, but i was not understanding why i need to learn those. This course practically shows what to do with data structure and what is the relation between  strings, tuples, list etc.
this has given me more motive to continue learning python for the time being. I really like the way the course is presented and the coding assignments really ge your head working which is very much fun. thanks professor Chuck and team for your support and effort
This course is very well structured and One needs to practice after taking each week. I had some beforehand knowledge regarding the course. So, The Course is very interesting and I would recommend all the beginners who have completed the basics of python course.
This course is excellent. Very intuitively designed conceptual lectures on basic aspects of list, dictionary, tuple and more. Excellent interviews with designers and developers of various programming languages. Fun videos and practical insights on future career.
This course gives a brief introduction on python data structures like lists, tuples, dictionaries and also about the file accessing capability i.e to read from  a file and write the data into a file.  I recommend this course for everyone to take up this course.
its a really interesting course. I learned so many concepts easily like lists, dictionary manipulation of files. different functions  for example : .sort(), .split(), .startswith() etc.and the assignments were so amazing. I am really to happy learn this course.
Really gets into the meat and potatoes of Python.  I enjoyed how the instructor has set it up to allow for people with experience in other languages to move quickly into areas where Python differs and work on those, beyond what is needed to complete the module.
After Python Data Structures course, as  the second course of this series (By Dr. Chuck), you can commence your path in programming and develop your knowledge in this area.I love Dr. Chuck's teaching method and his really positive inspiring vibe!Don't miss it!
Dr.Chuck is an amazing instructor who know how to convert the abstract ideas into concrete examples ! I recommend sincerely this beginner course! Additionally he puts up so many interviews of creators of other languages, and that boosts confidence in learning.
It was a great course, because they started from scratch which makes it easier for a person who doesnt even know a single language. In the process of learning python, because of Dr. Chuck, I was able to understand C language also better then what i had learnt.
This is an excellent course for someone who don't know much about Python. The video is great, and proper assignments. If there has to be some suggestions, I would suggest to have some more exercise in the course to practically improve Python programming skill.
Wonderful teaching methods! I've taken a good number of online courses (Udacity, Youtubers etc) and this course is BY FAR the best I've taken. I can tell the professor's affinity for not just computer science, but for TEACHING... which makes a huge difference.
Wonderfully paced and explained by Dr Chuck. Very clear examples which made understanding the Python collections and data structures very easy. And I was able to complete all my assignments correctly in the first try itself !!! Hurrraay... :)Thanks Dr Chuck...
Useful as a refreshing course to some of the data manipulation method in python. Homework are written to apply the concepts covered in lecture. Some of the quiz problems are really testing your understanding of a certain terms and aspects of python programming
This course gives introduction to Files handing in python also topics related to data collections i.e.(lists, dictionary and tuples). The course is very well designed and its been fun to complete this course as well as gain so much knowledge at the same time.
Awesome instructor! He really knows how to teach. Every lesson was a pleasure and it was broken down in such a way that it was easy to understand and highly entertaining. I would recommend this class to anyone wanting to learn the Python programming language.
The course is very well structured and covers all the major topics.I would specifically like to thank Dr. Charles Severance for creating and explaining each and every aspect of Python Data Structures with such ease that makes me feel confident to use Python.
A interesting course in the specialization Python for Everybody (total of 5 courses). The instructor is well equipped with the adequate resources and knowledge essential for making the learners understand the content. The assignments are equally challenging.
Getting taught by the high end professor is always something special and additionally understanding the efforts of students to understand programming is also added to the syllabus that a person going through this course will carved fully the power of Python.
Very nice course. The course structure is very well thought and organized well. Above all, the tutor creates great interest in the topic and explains very clearly. you need not refer any books or notes ; tutor class is just enough to understand the concepts.
the course was so important to me , it helps me a lot with python programing ,data structure and problem solvingi want to thank dr chuck for helping me to increase my skills thank you so much thanks coursera for making it easy to learn online ,love you all:)
Very understandable and interesting course, as well as the explaining structure. I very much recommend this course (as the rest of them from the batch) for anyone who is looking to learn programming in python or get basic knowledge in programming in general.
Dr Chuck is an excellent teacher who provides a well structured course and effectively uses multiple tools (book, slides, videos, discussion boards, encouragement/positive nudges, and more) to help you learn how to use python.  I highly recommend this course
Really liked this course.  I did need a tutor to help me through it and for the assignment problems.  However, Dr. Chuck does a good job of illustrating the main points and addressing the key issues behind data structures of Python.Thanks so much, Dr. Chuck.
Great overview of data structures. I'd learned Data Structures in Java many years ago, so I already knew the basics, but Chuck's understanding and explanations of the core concepts in this course felt really natural to grasp. Thanks for sharing and teaching!
This course was great.I learned a lot about data structures in Python particularly the FOR and WHILE loop since it is used in other languages.If you don't have any programing background (like me) this class or specialization is a great place to learn Python.
A Wonderful course, You will learn the basics of how to use python data structures and also some tips and tricks on how to use them. Recommended course for all beginners and this course is better than Python courses in edx and also other python courses here.
Great Course ! Absolutely covers Python Data Structure, it is really helpful for me. If you want to master on python data structure you can take this course. All the quiz and assignments are really amazing. I am really thankful to the professor Dr-Chuck :) .
at the very beginning i have not that much of confident but because of Dr. Chuck lecture and explanation my confident increased . the way he explain and make fun is really something different . this tutorial is full of informatics as well as implementable .
I'm learning my second programming language and its a treat to listen to Dr. Chuck. I love that he uses practical examples to explain simple concepts. I feel very confident about the stuff I learnt in this course and I would recommend this course to anyone.
I Would like to recommend this course to anyone who is interested in computer programming.It was a really great experience for me Dr.Chuck is a great teacher I would like to thank courser and University of michigan for giving me an opportunity in this class
I t was really nice experience. I learned about data structures in python and how to implement the same . Instructor was really good in explaining all details of python data structures. It was really good experience. Would recommend this course to everyone.
Great course! Dr Charles is amazing. The course is really step forward for every programmer. Not only with the class explanation, but with all the amazing interviews and the advices provided by Dr Charles. Thanks a lot for such an amazing programming course
Today, I have completed my Python Data Structures Course. This is a great course about Python Data Structures (List, Dictionary, Tuple). I highly appreciate my teacher, Dr. Charles Russell Severance, and Coursera. I wish my best to my teacher and Coursera.
Learning is fun, is truly proved by Dr. Chuck. Thank you once again for teaching so nicely with the right pace. This has given me a good start to explore more about Python, and I'm surely learning the next course and excited to dive into the sea of Python.
Prof Charles has a great way of making learning fun. With good analogies, bonus interactive sessions with people related to computer industry and comprehensive lectures to drive the point home, this course is a treat to starters to nail their fundamentals.
enjoyable course, homework getting trickier but worked videos very helpful. also https://stackoverflow.com/ for reference when your mistakes are too elementary for Charles' videos. Starting to now see some actual real world uses of writing simple programs.
Great course overall. I'd say that the assignments are challenging but are completely doable given what the professor covers in the week's lecture and reading assignments. The book is a great help and the lectures are easily to understand and follow along.
I really loved this course i was so hooked up that i wanted to do it in one go, this course is really amazing thanks to prof Chuck , sir you are really amazing and i hope i can personally meet you some day to thank you for this great piece of work. Thanks
Easy to learn! Easy to understand videos with an excellent mentor. There are open group discussions and also it's easy to ask for help from the mentor if I did not understand something. Very recommended for beginners. Really help me with my work progress,
Great course and foundation for building ever more complex Python applications. Charles Severance is doing a great job at walking you through the most basic concepts and build on top of them to create virtually any Python applications. Highly recommended.
I was scared of programming in general. In the past, I took couple of course about intoduction to programming and C language. Nevertheless,  I wasn't able to write/read code. After this course, I feel much more confident and optimistic. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
I really loved this course, I recommend it for everyone. simple and easy to understand and fathom. I hope you like it too. I hoped it was longer because I really enjoyed it. dr shuck is a great instructor.  enjoy it guys and have a great learning journey
It was exciting to learn data structure with python which gives me knowledge about coding and how is to execute a program ,how to code basically after completion of course i am very happy and hope this knowledge will helpful in coming projects.thank you!
I enjoyed this course and as a matter of fact I enjoyed this course because the teacher was so good in explaining stuff and the best part was his humor. Always, I learned a lot in this course and looking forward to the next course on python by Dr. Chuck.
I totally enjoyed this course and would really like to convey my special thanks to Dr. Severance for making the lecture and the entire learning process so enjoyable and interesting. I look forward to pursuing further lessons on the same. Thank you again.
Brilliant instructors and a great progression from the 'Python for Everybody' Course. By the end of this course you will really start to understand the power of python, especially when combined with other technologies that are introduced in later courses
I find this course to be an excellent introduction to the data structures in python. The examples and metaphors used by Dr.Chuck are lucid and easy to understand. I find Dr.Chucks passion and encouragement served as a motivation to complete this course !
Best ever course of coding i am have with this professor. It's the best Data structure course for python. If you are reading to conforming that it good or not. Then i would like to give you green flag from my side it's the best course for the beginners.
This Course provided an in-depth insight into the core concepts such as Data Structures and File Handling issues in Python. I learnt a lot from this course and the instructor was too good. I wish to pursue more courses with the instructor in the future.
The class is well paced for the busy individual, with concise lesson plans and short but effective programming assignments. Professor Severance is lively during the lectures so it's easy to keep focused on the material also. Great instruction and class.
Fantastic follow up (part 2) course to the Programming for everybody. The way the professor explains all the concepts (lists, dictionaries, tuples etc) is wonderful and very easy for anyone to grasp, beginners included.Thank you for the solved examples!
Nice course for those students who are not experienced in programming and want to understand the fundamentals not only python, but programming itself. If you are experienced one, you would better taking more advance course. Teaching is extremely clear.
Gosh I guess a lot of new stuff has happened since I wrote my first BASIC program back in 1980, now I am learning Python and I am having so much fun as I had before. ( am  I getting younger in the process? ) Thank you Coursera and thank you Dr. Chuck !
This course started with the very basics and taught me how to develop my coding knowledge. A few of the assignments very a little challenging but the level of difficulty was just perfect. I would love to continue in this series of python for everybody
I'm really impressed and kind of obsessed with python. I don't know if I will find Dr. Chuk in the upcoming course. But I wish to meet him personally and thank him for igniting the fire in me . Thanks coursera,thanks university of Michigan . Take love
I'm a big fan of Dr. Chuck and his teaching method.  The process of integrating the book (Python for Everybody, the video lectures, and the assignments, really helps ingrain the material.  I would strongly recommend this class for beginners in Python.
I know java before this study of python so I just finish the course one and two in a day. I would say that the explanation is extremely clear and important points are stressed according to their weight. The instructor is cordial and sincere. I like it
I really enjoyed this class, it was just the right amount of challenge for someone renewing their background in programming.  Charles presented the chapters in a way that was easy to understand.  I'm looking forward to the next course in this series.
I'm really enjoying learn programming. And I really assure now that I have choose the best for my need language. Actually, i'm developing a little business, and I can't wait until I have a good understanding of all of this: so many things would I do.
In order your programs do what you need, you have to learn how to organize the data in the best possible way.This course gives you the necessary tools so you learn what is the best way to use data in your programs.Easy to learn and best easy to apply
I think that courses in Coursera are the best in the world. I loved the course "Python for Everybody" and Dr. Chuck...# and some thanks :while True:                                                                 print("Thank you Very much Coursera)
This is the first class I have attended in this format and wondered how  effective it would be.The instructor was very knowlegeable and provided a wealth of information about current version. I would definelty recommend coursera to others.Thank you.
I am glad to participate this course. It was full of fun when i attended the lecture and the way Professor Charles gave the lecture was quite enjoyable and easy to learn . Hopefully i will do more courses under Dr. Charles Severence regarding Python
Dr. Chuck introduces the various data structures that are key for fundamental understanding of Python programming. In this course, you will begin to use the knowledge of these data structures (and the information in the intro to Python course) to be
Easy to understand, very friendly to new-coders. And I like the exercises, you need to use all you have learned in this course to complete the exercise, which is good because it allows you to review the course while doing it, could be harder though.
The instructor is a GOD. Never has anyone explained a programming language in such an easy to learn manner. Decent exercises overall. The course felt pretty easy. Please suggest some other materials that can help us learn data structures thoroughly.
really amazing course , no more staring at the screen not knowing what to do . Solution came natural to me , !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THANKS DR.CHUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is one of the best course i ever did. Now Dr. Charles is my favorite instructor. I really learned lot of new thing. The syllabus is well planned and in perfect order. I am so glad for learning python from Dr Charles sir. Thank you so much sir.
Second course of the Python series i take.The teacher explains very well all te topics covered and the questionnaries and exercises help to consolidate the agenda.Highly recommended for all students interested in learning data structures in Python.
Best course with best instructor so far in my journey of learning. I really appreciate the way Dr Chuck inspires and teaches. He is really one of the outstanding instructors we have. My sincere thanks to Sir, for such a wonderful word class effort.
Sorry for the really, really late review, but I have to add since it was such a good experience. I had a great time taking this course and really liked meeting other students and the professor in a face to face Office Hours in NYC. Thanks Dr Chuck!
I have one word : Fantastic...!

The course structure is carefully designed. Assignments are not too 
much, not too less. The way they comprehend the lectures of all the 
previous weeks is amazing.I would definitely suggest the course to my 
peers.
I personally found Doctor Chuck's thorough approach to be very beginner-friendly. This is an absolute gem of a course for the budding programmers out there who want an insight into the data structures of Python like Lists, Dictionaries and tuples.
It was amazing to learn under your guidance. In the 1st chapter of this course when i saw the dictionary program i was sort of scared that it would be difficult but when it came on 9th chapter i was surprised that i understood it. Thanks a lot sir
Dr. Charles .. a great person, loves teaching technical stuff in 
innovative way. Thank you sir for your Amazing presentation. Can do lot 
more things in python now :) .. Hats off to you ..and your skills. and yeah like those bonus videos toooo ;)
Great Dr. Chuck! All incredibly explained, for me it may be more difficult because I come from a totally different area and profession, and I didn't have much notion about this. Each concept is perfectly explained. I wish I had found you before =)
cutting edge, updated knowledge!! Best instructor and great material. Teaching pace is justifiable and adaptable. Thank you for the course!! I will recommend this course to ayone who wants to learn python conceptually and build the logical base!!
Most likely the best track of courses out there, if you want to get into programming from scratch. An inspiring teacher with a very very high quality material. And you really should not ignore the book, it has a beautiful collection of exercises.
this is amazing course on data structures.Although it is quite slow but after this course you can code using data structures without any doubt.Instructor of this course  Dr.chuck makes special bond with students with his videos and communications
Now I can write at least 25 lines of python code...learning python Data Structures is easy with this course. Dr.Chuck takes you from basic of python collections such as list,dictionary,tuples to advanced level, learning is joy with such contents.
I'm a graduate student studying immunology, I have to go through large data sets and am taking this course to help with data analysis. At the end of this section, I genuinely feel as if I can now attempt to start diving into the data with python.
Thank you all for allowing me to take part in this course. I have been spending sleepless nights waiting for this moment. This is my first week and having completed Getting Started With Python, I am quite optimistic that I will enjoy this course.
An cant emphasize enough how important has been to learn step by step. When you try to read a code from somebody else, a complex one, if you know the basics structures, you can understand it line by line, otherwise you get confused in the middle.
Another excellent course taught by Dr. Chuck. The material is presented in a very logical order where each class builds on the previous class and deepens your knowledge at a comfortable yet challenging pace. Looking forward to completing the next
This professor is the best. He will mentor you and help you understand the material and, what is more important, even though the material is not easy, grading is NOT a learning experience, as it should be, but a fair assessment of your learning.
This course is easy to understand and a nice introductory to python. The way how the instructor presented the topics are very nice and simple. The activities are constructed in a way that you will apply whatever you have learned in the lectures.
An excellent course for building a foundation in the language. Everything explained perfectly . The assignments are amazingly crafted in that they necessitate you to apply each and every concept learned and cannot circumvent around it and cheat.
Dr. Chuck has really built this course to teach Python to everybody. Coupled with  office hours and awesome interviews with inventors and people whose passion have led to advances in Information Technologies is mind blowing. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Dr.Chuck guided all through the course work, I am happy that I can write code and put it syntactically right. Can identify what exactly is syntactical error and this course work really helped me to get a grip on coding the logic.Thank you,Sindhu
I found this very challenging. I picked this course up as a hobby, but really needed to focus to remember the grammar for coding. Useful, I'm sure it will get easier if I get a chance to apply the lessons. Feels like there is much more to learn.
First i want to thanks professor chunck for making everything very easy to understand. This course is very very useful for beginners. This course provides lots of knowledge about python basic data structure (list, dictionaries,tuple and files).
it taught me some of the basic data structures in python , however I would like to suggest Prof. Severence to also include another important data structure that I have found very useful, that data structure is "deque" from the collection class.
An excellent course for beginners to be familiar with not just python itself, but with the overall landscape of computer programming. Absolutely loved it, and would recommend it to any new learners looking for a great resource to learn python.
In my opinion, this is one of the best courses in the world.Thank you so much Dr. Chuck for your outstanding knowledge and behavior.I learnt a lot of things from you.thank you so much dear Coursera for letting me being in a part of this course
It is the second course I'm taking with Dr. Chuck at this Python specialization and I'm truly amazed! A great course for any beginner in programming and Dr. Chuck does a great job explaining the concepts that we can implement in the exercises.
A wonderful course. I had an overall idea of python and was using it with a lot of help from the internet. This course gave me a streamlined understanding of the data structures that are available to for use. A very good course for a beginner.
Precision, Balance and Impact - All the three elements are very well balanced in this course - and addresses the aspects for experienced and non experienced programmers. The Quizzes and the Assignments add a lot of value to the course content.
This has been very helpful in my learning a new programming language since Dr. Severance provides detailed information and background information necessary to allow me to have a better understanding of each topic for Python. Thank you so much!
was quite interesting to learn, it is beginner-friendly and if you have the basics from the first course you could easily complete this one too... chucks instructions keep you in place and is easy to understand.take this course and get amazed
Excellent instructor and material. Great opportunity to start something in new in terms of learning new skills and polishing very old skills I thought I had lost. It was fun and although challenging at times it was a great experience overall!
Its a great course which focuses on all the data structures. you may find all information regarding methods associated with each data structure, but this course has perfectly covered all the ones that are used on a wide range in the industry.
I just loved this course and platform.Quizzes and programming assignment helped me to learn new things.It is just amazing and i 'll definitely suggest coursera to everyone i know and i'll try to complete as many courses as possible.Thank You.
Thank you Dr. chuck and coursera. This was my second online class  and both class was by Dr. chuck. I really enjoyed thi course and ready to take next class by Dr. chuck. Dr. chuck not only teaches but also introduce student to famous person.
excellent course and professor who explains the basic concepts well. The assignment is great and not hard which just requires using knowledge learned from the video. Strongly recommend for those who have the desire to learn python as a start.
Getting more complicated than the 1st course, but managed it! Just wanna thank DR. chuck, he is truly an extraordinary instructor who knows really well how to teach entertainingly! FYI, the graduation ceremony video really made me laugh hard!
one of the best courses I ever learned,each topic explained very thoroughly . I liked the dictionary section and file section very much. guess tuples are easy, but are underdogs, they can be game changers  in next lessons . Thank you Dr.Chunk
This was fascinating. From aside and first glance it looks very easy. I said what is just stings,tuples,lists. bu when you watch the exlanation and tasks parts you see that what new stuff you have leardned and how deeply tasks urge you to go.
Excellent pace and great course material. I like having both the videos and slides to refer to, as it allows me to continue studying in environments where I can't play a video. The content turned out to be unexpectedly useful in my work, too.
I'm so glad I have been a part of this course, it has been really useful, I've taken course one and two and I know I still have a long way to complete the specialization but I hope I will be able to finish it as it would be really helpful :)
Dr Chuck Severance is THE perfect teacher. This course was a very rewarding and confidence-boosting experience. I'm sure it will go a long way in building my proficiency in Python programming.Thank you Dr Chuck & thank you, UMich & Coursera!
This course greatly helped in understanding basic concepts of Python data structures and at the same time motivated me further for pursuing advanced courses in Python programming. I would like to thank the instructor for this awesome course.
The data structures in python have been explained very well by the instructor. I would recommend this course to anyone who is a beginner in python. This will serve well to solidify basic concepts before moving onto advanced python libraries.
A Wonderful course for learners and enjoyed a lot during this course .It helped me a lot to gain some knowledge on data structures. I thank instructors for guiding me in this course. I am eager to do many more courses in this Specialization
Thanks Prof. Chuck for the great course and material! This course has taught me a lot about Data Structures in Python and it is a great introduction to this topic. It makes sense as a continuation of the first course "Python for Everybody".
really informative and helps you with understanding the basics of python, would defiantly recommend the entire 5 course sequence to anyone looking to get into programming or any field in computer science such as ML which i intend to do next
Excellent course. Takes you through all the basics and gradually builds from there. Prof Charles has done a stellar job with explaining the concepts in a clear and concise manner. Kudos to the team for putting together this fabulous course.
Really, very Good and Challenging Assignments, I impressed as you stoped giving Solutions to Assignments in Videos,and It made me to revise and remember all the previous Topics and made me perfect in all the Concepts learning. Thanks a Lot.
Great course for gaining fundamentals of Python!   Each new skill I learn from this course can be used in my job, as a data analyst, and add some of the underlying skills necessary to pursue data science.  I look forward to the next course!
Excellent for beginners. Many a thanks to Dr Chuck, boy he really  makes it easier to learn. Quiz and Assignment reiterates the slides taking out revision pain. Personally I liked the extra videos and Dr Chuck singing "I got my Mojo.." ya..
Even a person with zero knowledge of programming can learn Python very quickly!! Dr Chuck is just amazing! ;) Completely recommend this course, irrespective of whether you wish to learn Python, with or without prior programming experience!
Once again Dr. Chuck does a great job of introducing data structures. This course really starts to broaden your horizons of what's possible with code and data. His teaching style and materials go a long way to make it easy to learn Python!
This course is clearly more demanding than the first one, but nonetheless, it provided me with good knowledge of lists, dictionaries and tuples and how to implement them. And not to forget: the bonus material is always worth taking a look.
This has been a very helpful and amazing course to learn about common data structures in python. Once again I enjoyed learning with Dr. Chuck in the second course of the specialization and I look forward to completing this specialization.
This was a very useful course in building a solid working knowledge of python when dealing with basic data. Prof Severance has an ideal disposition for teaching, and exibits the expertise you hope for from an online instructor. Real deal.
Awesome Course. This was my first course on Coursera and I loved the journey which I think was possible only due to Prof. Charles Russell Severance. I love the way he teaches and the energy he contains to live the life and learn. Cheers!!
Again, Dr. Chuck(Charles Severance) is a great instructor! I wish all people who wants to learn programming has him as a mentor. Very high quality course with good(means not easy) assigments, fun, great English and certificate at the end.
This course gave me in depth understanding of the concepts in Python Data Structures.The course is designed in a progressive manner and is well-taught by the instructor.I'd great time learning new concepts and adding them to my skill-set.
good programming intro lecture. i've have pretty much industrial knowledge of it, and while taking it as a review course, still find some parts deserves thinking deeper. Also find the relevant author interview section quite interesting :)
Great course for beginners, have a lot of interesting examples. The materials are useful and very easy to understand. Thank you so much for the instruction and wish you great success in helping the world learn how to write in DEAR PYTHON!
Another awesome course with Dr. Chuck! Even if you have no previous programming knowledge, Dr. Chuck leads you gently into it, his explanations are extremely clear and precise, and he's so fun! Looking forward to the next Python course :)
It's a fantastic course with comfortable and manageable content and pace, it goes deeper from the basic skills in Course 1 and helps us to obtain a good foundation before advancing to the next. Highly appreciate and recommend the course.
easy to follow and interesting course. I don't have any prior experience in any programming languages, but I find this course interesting  enough to fall in love with python. Special thanks to Dr. Chuck for his brilliant way of teaching.
The material is presented in a very simplified manner. The assignments support the cause of study material nicely. Dr. Chuck has ensured it that even the slightly complex parts become comfortable for toddlers in the field of programming.
This is my 2nd MOOC course and also 2nd Python course. It was a great course. It explained concepts well and best thing about this course is that it doesn't explain every details and it let you do the hard work and not being spoon-feed.
These online courses are very well designed. I gave u coding long time ago. In this pandemic quarantine, I thought let's give it a shot again. And these courses have got me into coding again. I've lost my apathy thanks to these courses.
This course is a good introduction to Python data structures for beginners, for experienced programmers may require a little patience, but will give you a good overview of how things are handled in Python different for example from Java
It's a wonderful course with appropriate study material . It is a well designed course which could easily be understood with little bit of efforts. Thanks to Dr. Charles for his tremendous teaching he just made the things simple for us.
Really appreciate the courses provided by this professor. Clear explanation and fun videos of his personal experience. I have never seen another professor who can teach these content seriously in such an interesting and attractive way.
Just like the first course this course was pretty interesting and fun to do. I enjoyed the whole process of python coding through and through. Thanks a lot to Professor Charles Severance, Univ. of Michigan and coursera for this course.
Amazing teaching faculty I got it. I am so happy that very easy understand every concept and logic. I am interested to learn more courses from this faculty. Thank you sir making me too good knowledge and understanding on data structure
I highly recommend anyone who has finished Programming for everybody to continue with this course. In the meantime, it will be good to constantly review all the things you learned by reading the textbook, which provide extra exercises.
This course is one of  the best course if you wish to start learning Python in an efficient way. The instructor has explained the concepts very well as well as the approach to writing a piece of code in a structured and logical manner
By the end of the course all the hours of debugging begin to make sense. The course is consistent with the first of the series with regard to structure and support. Very effective in delivering the basics of data structures in python.
Five stars without any doubts. Material is well-explained. Instructor is great. Maybe a little lack is the number of exercises provided in the course, but they can be found somewhere else, on the internet and in some open-source book.
Thank you very much for this course 2, Dr. Chuck. I am learning a lot from your specialization courses. Lists, Dictionary and Tuples are a bit confusing but they are all important but Dr. Chuck always makes all materials fun to learn!
It's a great course. All concepts very simply explained. You sort of need to refer them again because you are learning quite a lot of things and it's a bit difficult to hold everything at once while you're completing your assignments.
Although simple it is a quite an effective course. The platform is reliable, the host is great, the assignment well calibrated and, although they made sound pointless, I quite enjoy the short students around the world videos. Thanks!!
Dr. Charles Severence has taught me the basics of python programming in a very simplified manner and because of his lectures I am able to write my basic programmes with minimal help from internet sources and without making a mistake.
This course is very good for beginners.Also this course is well constructed and descriptive .It covers python concepts in very good manner,And lastly I just want to say thank you to instructor Dr.chuck for being such good instructor.
Participated in this course, I started to understand how to use python to solve some basic problems during daily life. The courses of university of Michigan taught by Dr.Chuck are very helpful for those who want to know about python.
i have some experience with Python but used this course as a refresher. Dr Chuck has an infectious attitude which makes me want to smile whenever I listen to him. i am starting course 3 now and that has some really interesting stuff.
I really became more familiar with the 'flow' of this course in this section.  Thus, I ended up completing more exercises and engaging more with tutors and fellow students.  Great online course, it has really cheered me up this week.
I've completed python-for-everybody course. This course teaches you about data structures in python that are list, dictionaries and tuples. and How to use and manipulate these data structures. Dr. Charles Severance is a good teacher.
Before starting this python courses, I was in no idea how a programming language would be, I just thought its some sort of codes which will be written by great person, and now I am extremely happy to be a person who knows programming
Very much essential for beginners/intermediate. The instructor had taken enough time to make sure the concept of data structures in python is made clear to the learners. I truly appreciate the efforts of the professor. Thanks a ton.
Dr. Charles Severence is an amazing tutor. The way he handles the concepts and structures them to aid the ease of understanding among the course takers while also making sure that the lectures are enjoyable is commendable. 5/5 stars
thanks!You are the best not only online lecturer I ever had but the best lecturer I ever had. speaking from all your heart, giving the best you can. I really appreciate the time you spend making this course available for every body.
Doing this course was a fun experience for me. All these new terms- dictionaries, tuples, etc. were pretty intimidating at first but turned out to be pretty easy. Dr. Chuck's delivery of course material immediately puts one at ease.
For the first time since I started learning Python, I got to use it to do something useful. This course has now opened my eyes to the wider possibilities of things I can do with Python. Many thanks to Dr Chuck and the Coursera team.
Great course that let us know how to implement data structure on file data. Everywhere else they teach the use of lists on some random, less complex data. But here they teach us to use a list, tuples, and dictionary on complex data.
I Think This Course Is All About FIle Structure of Python And How To Handle Files And Operations on File In Python Not About Data Structure So You Should Change The Name Of The Course Or You Should Change The Content Of This Course.
Very-very-very thanks! I'm a philologist, this course is a dream. Now I can make myself a frequency dictionary of the text, 20 years I wanted it. Professor Severance is brilliant. He is able to teach a Python even a bedside table :)
This course won't let you down with exercises that don't apply to what you'd really use in real life. This is clearly the best course on the subject for the beginner programmer. Really. It's seriously the best on the internet today.
DR. Chuck's teaching methodology is extremely engaging and simplistic. The exercises are very well designed. Attempting them not only strengthens our concepts but also boosts confidence in our acquired knowledge. Thankyou Dr. Chuck.
More interesting than the first course. Topics are interesting and help form a foundation for using Python. The exercises were more challenging and interesting to work, causing more thought with how the tasks needed to be completed.
Just like the previous class on these Specialization. The teaching method and the dynamics of the class is very enjoyable. Finally, I am learning Python without the suffering. Excellent course, excellent teacher, excellent material.
Very elaborate explanations in a way you feel you can do it. Dr. Chuck really is a great teacher. Also the clips about the history of computing are very worthwhile and just shows how far we have come and better : how far we can get.
Now I am getting interested in this language. In the previous course, some topics seemed hard that I used to just use without a clear understanding. I think I am overcoming those problems after completing this course. Thanks a lot.
It was a great journey. With this course , data structure seem very interesting and you'll have a great fun solving those assignments. And after the completion of one course , you'll just want to do it further . Loving coursera. :)
I had no previous experience with Python. I have already taken two courses (Python for Everybody and Python Data Structures), and I have found them to be extremely easy for beginners like myself. I strongly recommend these courses.
This course contains very useful information about data structures related to python. That content is brilliantly taught by the instructor. So, I would like to thank him for giving me a quality experience about Python fundamentals.
Brilliant intro to Data structures. The lectures are sufficient to understand the concepts, and the Graded exercise helps put them in practice. I will suggest attempting ALL problems from the textbook chapters as well for practice.
As an old timer I used to struggle dealing with Data Structures in C Programming and this course brought me upto date so effectively and easily. I now understand why  Python is critical in today's world. Thank you very much Charles
brilliant course. The course was so neatly laid out and the assignments and quizzes are deigned to reinforce the concepts learned in the respective chapters. The videos are not too long and you can just finish a course in 1 weekend
Charles is my main man. He does an amazing job of explaining things in such intuitive ways and you gotta love his sense of humor. Plus the course itself is suuuuper informative. They've really found a nice cadence for the material.
All credit goes to the lecturer. It was explained in a very good way. to build the base strong. I started python with strings, but now I feel like taking the basic course also like loops and functions. Thank you very much Dr Chuck.
A beautiful introduction to data structures using python. The explanation is simple and easy to follow. The assignments require the application of the concept learnt and helps understand the application of various data structures.
I really enjoyed learning Python Data Structures. The course design was awesome with assignments. I thank you Charles Russell Severance for giving this wonderful opportunity to learn the Python Data Structures. Thank you coursera.
Great thanks to Professor Severance ! He made this course enlighting and FUN!I had a little difficulty finishing some of the assignments, but fortunately I managed to finish them all, and the feeling of accomplishment is so great!
Clarifies the difference between methods and functions, data structures, variable types. Now reading other resources  on the internet makes even more sense. I feel encouraged to continue studying the rest of the course (and book).
This course provides a gentle dive into the ocean of programming. I had no previous formal exposure to coding, and I love the way Dr.Chuck introduces each concept and drills them into the students in a way that is just so awesome!
The course was simple, fun and fast. The lecturer explained everything in detail. The assignments were extremely practical, and worked examples were provided, so you have an understanding of what you are to do in your assignment.
Wow!... it's a wonderful course. Before attending this course I was not having much knowledge about python and how to use python programming. But now I'm confident enough to to it. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for such a wonderful course.
I really enjoyed the course. This course is organized and explained very well. It is moderately challenging, and I recommend it to get interested in Python. The teacher and the assistant staff are very good. I enjoyed the course.
Python for everyone - on MOOC platform. This is one of best course. I have started from scratch & felt very comfortable to understand the difficult programming in simpler way. Dr. Chuck is knowledgeable & made me stay connected .
This course is the best course I have ever stdied . It makes me intersted in python and coursera .Tanks to doctor chuck, I studied this course in two  days with a lot of fun . This course is so good . Welcome to jion this course!
Great course . I really have respect for instructor specially. He is great at teaching as well as he is good person. I never felt boring throughout the course. This is amazing course by God sake. I recommend everyone to do it.
Fantastic course with very immersive lectures from Dr. Chuck. Also many opportunities to apply your knowledge with the external grading tool. Very fun and challenging to see how far you can get without checking your notes. 10/10
This an excellent course to start the python journey. Python Data structures are explained in a way too easy and interactive manner. The assignments will surely increase your thinking ability and the hunger to learn more & more.
This is an excellent course for anybody who wants to learn python and doesn't have a computer science background! If you do have previous experience (outside of the first iteration of this course) the pacing might be a bit slow.
though its the first time I've studied data structure I won't get stuck anywhere explaining of concepts is very awesome its easy to understand really it was a nice experience i have got and lots of knowledge through this course.
I really like how Dr. Charles Severance teaches and explains. I am not a programmer, nor planning to be one, I just want to understand how programming works so I need simple and logical concepts. He makes everything seem doable.
High Five for such a stupendous and flawless teaching effort. Dr. Chuck you are my real life celebrity. Please do visit India and conduct an office hour, I am sure you will have more fans like me here, more than anywhere may be.
Great course. Very clear presentations as well as examples on the differences and different purposes of the major python data structure types. Assignments are just at the right level of difficulty and explanations are available.
Really it is the first time in my life that I have loved so much that Iam studing. A big part of the credit goes to our teacher Charles Severance. He is just great. Thank you soo much coursera for providing us with this course.
Python data structures is very important, it stores and access data i.e, in the form List,tuples,sets,dict.etc.So it is very important to go through the course thoroughly and gain knowledge to build your skills in programmimg..
Very approachable, great method to make concepts understandable with a litttle effort. Highly recommend it. I have tried a couple of other MOOCS on Python and this one by Doc Severance from the U of Michigan is the best by far.
I truly enjoyed this course. There have been multiple books on python, courses on python, even some on coursera, but none went beyond the basics. This was exactly what I was looking for to get to the next level. Thanks, Sridhar
I learnt a lot from this course. now i am able to understand what is list,what is dictionary and what is tuple.in this course i learnt about data structures. THANKS A LOT COURSERA AND MY INSTRUCTOR Dr. CHARLES SEVERANCE.......
Course is really simplified and keeps you interested through out. The additional assignments ensure that you have grasped properly what you have learnt and helps in testing yourself. A must do if you want a firm base in Python
It was so good experience of learning in Coursera platform and Dr.charles severance teached in a simple way .He conveyed in a good manner and he makes python very easy to me.Thank you sir and Coursera for this wonderful course
This was a good introduction to computer programming and Python, taught in an engaging way. I also liked the suggestions for how to improve your chances in landing computer science and related jobs (offered in the final unit).
It was amazing learning from Dr. Chuck. He explained each and everything in detail and tried his best to deliver what he knows. The best part is the bonus video in each lesson which gives goosebumps. Overall, great experience.
Doing this course I have learnt a lot of new things in python . This course in total was awesome and I really loved it .  I would recommend all of you who want to learn and understand python at the same time to do this course.
i found it more challenging than the first course, much more information and it because a bit more difficult for me to retain all the information. However, I find Python interest although it can be frustrating increasingly so.
Great course to learn various data structures. I really enjoyed the course. I liked most the graduation section. Wow! gives the feeling you have really graduated. There was also a lot of motivation in session the 4Ps! and 4Cs!
I really love this specialization, the way dr. Charles explains and teaches it's so funny and comprehensible, I also like a lot the bonus videos at the end of each week. One of the best courses I taked (if isn't the best) 
I loved this course. The professor teaches really well, in a very interesting way. I wish he could teach me all my classes. If you like programming, it's very likely this set of courses will make you fall in love with python.
I LIKED THE COURSE VERY MUCH. I GOT SO MUCH INTEREST ON PYTHON AND CONFIDENCE ON ME THAT I CAN CODE IN PYTHON AFTER TAKING THIS COURSE. LECTURES WERE VERY INTERACTIVE AND TEACHING IS TOO GOOD. I LOVED THE WAY PROFESSOR TAUGHT
I didnt even know how to code the program and was afraid of doing it thinking that it was too hard for me to learn .But Dr.Chucks exlaination was mindblowing he is one of the worlds grt teacher..thankyou very much sirrr...!!!
I loved the way in which the professor has taught python data structures. Though I find tuples some off-grid. In the end, I found it was a great experience.  Now, I am looking forward to this specialization. Thanks, Dr Chuck.
Great course and i can learn at my own pace, excellent course for any beginner.Even without zero programming language, you can start this learning course. You will definitely pick this up. Best Online course till date for me.
Excellent Course in continuation of the first six chapters of course one, this course completes the tools needed for programming, the whole specialization provides everything I can ask from a monogramming course for beginners
I really learned much from this course and was also able to beat my fears of programming. Now I can't wait  to further my study. The fact that there's a small graduation ceremony at the end just made me feel that much better.
Great course. A Little bit more complicated that the firts one but quite easy anyway for people who wants to learn some programming for first time or if you have to improve your programming skills with a new program language.
Great course. Everything turned out very cool. The course is suitable for beginners, if you know little about programming, then this is the perfect course for you. All theoretical and practical points are explained in detail
it's a wonderful course , helped  me a lot in learning more about python and proper use of it from basic usage to wherever possible to enhance my coding skills ,  found it easy ,  understandable and good course to complete .
THANKS ALOT FOR THIS AMAZING COURSE...!  I'm not able to express my gratitude towards Professor Chuck. It's definitely the best  Python beginners course and in the end, the Graduation Ceremony feels so so real....THANKS ALOT
Totally loved it!. Dr.chuck is the best teacher I have ever came under and the way he explains the concept made it more easy for me to understand. And thank you Dr.chuck for the advices and future related talks and learning.
It's really one of the best programming course I've taking through different learning platform including MOOCs. 
I just want to say, if you are new in python and want to learn this, take a look at this course from Dr. Chuck!
Dr Severance has a way with teaching. It's evident. Talking to an inanimate camera and sounding as if he is really seeing and talking to you makes it look really interactive. Hope to have many more lessons from Dr Severance.
A well Elaborated and Practical apporach by Professor. I am well aware of the different and efficient Data Structures used in python. Thanks to the Professor and Coursera for helping me getting the good grasp of the language
This is a tres nice course. I have tried many and they all were terrible but this one I understand, I like the teacher, and the videos are clear. I feel like I have learned a lot. Thank you so much!!!! :)mbox-short.txt  FTW!
This course is too good. The instructor, Dr. Charles is very helpful person. He covered all the data structures of python like strings, lists and tuples in the best way possible. This course is the best way to learn Python.
The courses of Dr. Chuck are really passionate because he can simplify and expose topics with high complexity.You will learn very useful functions like open text files and search key words/charactes into the files and more.
The course is really very very good...I am just loving this...the entire course and the teacher is really really awesome....It is really easy to understand and the way it is explained one will fall for python...seriously...
Thanks greatly for Dr. Churk's nice instructing, this is my 2nd complated Coursera course, and it's nice experience for learning here!I will continue for my learning journey, and wish to have more courses learning from you!
Thank you, Dr. Chuck! Thank you, COURSERA! Thanks for the financial aid program that allows us to learn for free and confirm the skills aquired from these courses by getting a confirmed sertificate! Thanks and best regards!
I won't say it was a comprehensive lesson on data structures but more than enough to get you started. Really enjoyed the lectures and Prof. Chuck's enthusiasm. I believe the exercises could have been a bit more challenging.
Excellent work! Iadvise anyone take this course! I wish in the near future, Coursera and more specifically, Michigan University to offer Mathematics with python, i.e. numpy, pandas etc and doing data analysis with python!!!
FILE HANDLING, LIST, DICT, TUPLE WITH SORTING FEATURE ADDED IN LOOPIE ENVIRONMENT.WOW.HATS OFF TO U SIR CHARLES FOR UR EFFORT....I WOULD LIKE TO STAY IN TOUCH WITH YOU...I AM REALLY HAPPY TO BE A PARTICIPANT IN THIS COURSE
It was a joyful learning. Every concept of respective topics are explained in very cool and funway by Charles Sir. And the best part that I like was its assignments... just like we are giving a power booster to our mind...
Loved this specialisation!The last assignment was absolutely challenging and while I struggled with it for quite some time, it felt great to complete it!Goes to show that there is real high quality content in this program!
Easy way to learn the concepts. Install python locally as it helps to have a concrete understanding when you start typing code in the chevron prompt. Course is charted out well as you don't feel any difficulty in learning.
Very instructive while being kind of a challenge, despite my previous education as an engineer and previous knowledge in C, Pascal, ADA . I love the style Dr. Chuck gives his lessons and will strive to meet him personally.
You're the best Dr. Chuck! I love the way you teach and keep the classes fun. Even though I know a bit of Python, there are so many exciting topics that you've covered in this course which I had no idea about them before.
A must have courses for those who need to boost their programming skills and have excited time with scheduled quiz and assignments. Dr.Chuck is amazing instructor who teaches amazing Python stuff with much needed patience
Great course! This second part of the beginners course is important alongside your basic fundaments learned on the first part. Chuck knows how to get you learning constantly with each lesson. I really recommend this MOOC.
Great course but the assignments are too easy it should be a little bit tough and also quiz should include code questions, not MCQs so that students can learn coding in a better way it will help him thinking and practice.
The course is simply awesome. It creates your interest in programming, it teaches you from the basics of the coding. The way of teaching is awesome, helped to learn in a fun way The Bonus sessions are quite great as well.
It's a useful course. The lectures are all easy to understand. The exercises are difficult enough for me to check whether I understand the lectures clearly or not. Finally, thank you Dr.Chuck for his interesting lectures.
Well designed class, it's clear and instructive. I really feel like I have learnt new skills. I would recommend it especially if you already have taken the first introductory class and wish to continue discovering Python.
Extremely useful specially for non-programmers like me to understand the depth of this language. I feel more confident to undertake more advance courses based on Python. I would definitely recommend this course to others.
this course is actually very nice and easy to get with, if you a new learner just don't worry, it won't take you  a lot of time, and you will really get familiar with Python and how everything will work after learning it.
As I feel basic courses should be open and free. (Whereas advance courses can be chargeable.) It is not worth the money to pay for basic course. It should at-least be open in Audit mode if it can't be made completely free
The instructor is very positive and he encourages the students to think and solve the problem.I have taken my courses taught by doctor Charles and I can say that he is amazing professor .I wish he taught at my university.
This course was challenging for me as a beginning programmer but it was taught very well. The professor and the book are awesome. If you have a question there is always a Mentor with coding experience around who can help.
Professor Chuck is stellar. He is knowledgable and very likable. I appreciate that the videos aren't scripted and polished. The lectures feel like I'm having a conversation with him. He also makes me laugh in every video.
This course has helped me in advancing my journey in Python to a level where I can now understand all the basic data structures and various methods associated with them. We can use these methods for various common tasks.
Did this to review some basic Python, and it did just the trick. Got some good practice in and learned a few tips and tricks I missed when I first learned the language. Great intro to basic data structures in CS as well.
Very easy and useful to get data structures in Python. Highly recommend for those who have no prior Python experience or to those who want to move to Python from other languages but has no clue where to start. Good luck!
I love this course, so clear also supported with great assignments where you can train your coding skills immediately. I am planning to take more class with Mr Chuck, I like his way of teaching. Highly recommended class.
Loved the new information learned from this course. I have completed other python courses before but I guess all courses aren't created equally. I just wish the videos were shorter. :) Can't wait to take the next course.
This course is awesome!! I was always an amateur programmer with php and html and thanks to Dr. Severance, I am actually being able to discuss with IT professionals toe to toe!Thank you very much for such awesome course!
I love the teaching style, and he's really great at breaking things down simply and with enough repetition to give you a clear understanding on any remaining unfamiliar topics.  Looking forward to the rest of the course!
The pace of the course is slow if you are already a programmer and are familiar with the basics of Python. However, the course is well-organized and well-delivered. Dr. Severance is funny and makes learning Python a joy.
I continued this course after 'Programming for everybody' one of the five of the bunch 'Python for everybody'. And I feeling confident about programming skills I've learnt.I am looking forward pursue the next courses...
again done another course by Dr. Chuck. He is a wonderful teacher for the beginner. Makes Everything really easy to understand. This code is amazing for the beginners as it starts from scratch after the Beginner course.
This is the most fun teacher I've seen on Coursera. He made this course so much easy and interesting. I don't like programming that much because I rarely understand it. But now I can't wait to advance to the next level.
I feel incredible that I knew almost nothing about programming just a month ago. Now I have done two of the courses of the specialization and I can actually understand other basic codes. Great course! Thank you coursera
Such an amazing and educational course! Being a 9th grader in school, this was a flexible course and it was also very detailed and simple to understand. I also loved how helpful and efficient the discussion forums were!
It's the second course of the Python specialization course. Dr. Chuck just made programming so funny and consice. Very good for beginners even if you don't have any background. I love this course. Thank you Dr. Chuck :)
I love Dr Chucks way of teaching and making you see how fun programming can be! This is one of the main reasons that keeps me here, even though I'm a junior Engineering student + part time jobat a lab. Totally worth it!
It was great to see Dr. Charles to teach the Data structure of Python. With this I would say I can now do and understand codes much more better than before. I thank Dr. Charles once again for this wonderful experience.
probably the best instructor one can get in an online course. the content of the course was really interesting and the exercises were adequate and most importantly obliges to go through a certain kind of brainstorming.
I have totally learned the data structures in Python from Prof.Dr Chuckand I thank him very much for the excellent structure of this course, the cordial language and the complete mastery of the content of the training.
I'm getting better and better at my first programming language, Python! Looking forward to realizing my potential when I complete this specialization and move on to the next thing on my journey. This course is awesome.
The course slowly and steadily helps in building the basic concepts for Data Structures in Python.A must for all, with no prior knowledge of python Data Structures, who are planning to dive deep in Computing in future.
An excellent follow-up to Getting Started with Python. Dr. Chuck does an amazing job explaining and laying the groundwork for working with data structures in Python. I can't wait to start the next course in the series.
This course is amazing . It's getting more and more complex and the assignments are getting harder,too. But I'd like to say it's so much fun to learn Python here. And I want to say thanks to all the professors and TAs.
This is the second course in this specialization. But definitely one the best and most important in fact. Professor Charles is a great lecture. Exercises and Assignments will definitely make a student think. Thank you.
Very applicable to real world development, but well thought out and executed for all levels to learn.    Being a Data Engineer, I had a difference of opinion on one of the SQL questions exams, but all in all great job!
Amazing experience with Dr. Chuck indeed an awesome instructor and a great personality.I recommend this course as this gives you insight of what's going on and instructor did a great job in clearing all those concepts
The course really helped me change my perspective towards coding. Earlier, I used to think that coding was very tough. But now, with the Help of Dr.Chuck's lectures, I developed a very positive feeling towards coding.
Excellent explanation of all the data structures! really enjoyed the way the lectures supplement what is written in the textbook. Dr Chuck is amazing at making it simple enough to understand and remember the material.
Highly recommended! I really enjoyed Dr. Chuck's course! He explains concepts super clearly, and give excellent examples to help reinforce the understanding. Much better than the few python courses I took on Datacamp.
Highly recommended.  Each class builds on previous concepts.  Assignments are completely relevant.  The instructor not only masters his subject matter but is making a great effort in improving the learning experience.
A very good beginning for someone wanting to understand basics of python data structures. One of the most energetic and spontaneous instructors- professor Charles, I wonder what's in the cup he keeps sipping from? :-)
The class was great!  The professor is excellent.  He does a great job of explaining the material, and he's fun to listen to.  He also sprinkles the course with interesting related content.  It was a great experience.
Dr. Chuck is a wonderful teacher! He makes programming seem so accessible. Looking forward to the day that I finish the five courses in this specialization. Hopefully I will be able to program for my future research.
The course is incredible. I had tried to learn python time ago and it had been impossible because many reasons, this course is easy to learn and very didactic. Many Thanks to the instructor, regards from mexico city.
This is one of the best courses on Python programming.The course was well structured and very well presented by Dr.Chuck. The course is fun filled and I really fell in love with python and Dr.Chuck's way of teaching.
This course is very interesting!! Anyone with no knowledge in programming can write programs in python by taking this course. Charles Severance Sir's approach in teaching the concept is so different and interesting!!
Second course with Dr Chuck - it keeps getting better and better.This course has its challenges, and it was really, really rewarding to be able to learn, juggle through the obstacles, and to be able to overcome them.
Great course to play with files , to understand the Data structure of python , and it starts from zero after completing the course you will be able to do a lot with text files , and instructor is really super cool :)
Great course.  This is the only practical course on Python that I have ever seen.  I began using my new skills right away.  This course was very useful in giving me relevant skills that could be put to immediate use.
Dr. Charles is such a tremendous educator, communicator and enthusiastic person. Every minute spend in front of the screen listening and watching him guide you into Python will be an absolute delight. Thanks Charles!
A simple and very productive way to learn Python. It wouldn't be as easy as it was if it wasn't for Dr. Chuck's great sense of humor and tremendous effort to keep us motivated. Thank you to Dr. Chuck and the mentors!
It was very interesting. The lecturer is aslo very interesting. I recommend this course.Thanks you for your free ibook "python for informatic" .No doubt I will use python in my job (scientific research). Many thanks.
Very nice second part of introduction to python with great instructor, practical assignments and free ebook provided. I recommend this course to beginners with no prior or small amount of experience with programming.
very interesting course and straightforward. the lecturer is really really good in explaining in an easy to follow way and his examples and exercises were using exactly the knowledge you have to gain from this course
This course ('Python Data Structures') really helped me in building up my programming skills.Very well taught with tricky assignments and in a well organised mannerMr.Chuck is one of the best instructor one can get.
This course is the best way to learn the Python Data Structures and i really loved the way it was taught by Dr. Chuck with as many examples and explanations. Its well curated for the beginners and for intermediates.
Had a general knowledge of programming, but this course has helped me to learn the basics of Python and how to manipulate data into structures that can be analyzed.  Can't wait to continue on with the certification.
Excellent foundation course for Python. It gave a better understanding of easiness of Python and data handling. Professor Charles Severance has excellent handle on the subject and explains well. Thank you very much.
It is a very good course, even for non-programmers. Charles Severance makes a difference in this course. He explains the way that you can understand, it is very helpful. So that, I am still learning Python language.
An excellent course overall.  Dr. Chuck is great - very interesting to following during the video lectures.  The quizzes and exercises are all challenging but not to the point where you cannot figure out what to do.
Really an amazing course it was! Now I am able to link the different concepts of Python. I am grateful to the instructor for making this beautiful course. This course has  made me more eager about the next courses.
I have taken the previous course with Dr chuck, that was awesome, I enjoyed these courses from Dr chuck and I really appreciate this effort to make us learn in a perfect way .. thanks from the bottom of my heart :)
It is amazing to get to know the data structures in python and how to use them. The exercises are appropriate to both teach and challenge you through the course. Very happy with the experience, thank you very much.
Really enjoyed this class. Charles still managed to make it so much enjoyable just as the previous intro to programming course. Looking forward to completing this specialisation with his content - much recommended!
There is everything we should know at basic level. Professor tries to teach basic concept easily. I could understand Data structure and its using. And also the textbook can make up for the weak part of the lecture.
I thought this course was great while I was doing it... but now that I've gone on to other courses / resources and have seen how much I've developed as a coder as a result, I'm even more impressed! Chuck is a hero!
I loved this course, the teacher has a unique and friendly tone and does a great job of explaining all the concepts, making everything easy to follow. I greatly appreciate all who contributed to making this course.
This is a very well-formatted summary on the basic data structures in Python. It is very informative and I recommend it to anyone who knows a bit of Python but is still not fluent in using the different structures.
it's pretty nice and the University of Michigan made it way too simple to understand this language. More likely to appreciate the professor (Charles Russell Severance ) who delt and taught us python .thank you sir
This was a great course. The instructor was very clear and explained each and everything very nicely. After completing the course many of my doubts in python data structures are cleared. Greatly loved this course.
The course is great with slides provided. However, if students who post their questions in forum could be answered with detailed explanations instead of other questions, it would help them in a more effective way.
Dr Charles Russell Severance is the best teacher I have ever met in 16 Years of my educational life. It was a great privilege that I took this course. It surely benefitted me as I utilized my free Quarantine time.
Well, this is quite a good startup towards building a base for understanding fundamentals of python data structures in a simple, understandable and cool way just like our teaching instructor Sir Charles Severence.
Great Course to have specialization in Python Programming...Learning a lot from these courses and many more to complete and way to go....Recommended to everyone who want to learn python in easiest possible way....
Everything is so clear with the video explanations! The pdf (book) is also very usefull. I am a complete beginner in Python or programming, but I enjoy this course very much! Thanks a lot Charles S. and your team!
Dr Charles Severance is so adorable and I do enjoy his class. Initially I thought python must be not easy to learn, but I gradually absorbed the knowledge and built a solid foundation for more complex programming.
This course is awesome! No matter how hard it was, Dr. Chuck is all explained in a simple way that everyone can understand. I recommend this course as mandatory reading for the data structure in Python !!! Tom  :)
Very good teaching, for beginners "Python Data Structures" course is very helpfull we get a more idea about store and retrive data from files,working with list,dictionary,tuplesit is very good work sir, Thank you
I love the style and humor of professor Severance during his lectures. And the exercise after each chapter is helpful in building up python skills. Hope there would be some advanced exercise posted for us to try.
As per the first module I found this very engaging and clear. I feel a bit overwhelmed now and feel like I need more practice, but it's all crystal clear so far! I'm looking forward to beginning the next course!
it's huge help to learn about Python Data structures,everything in this course is knowledgeable,i get to know about lots of thing about how data is used in python, and it help to increase my knowledge .Thank you
I started to learn this course because of my curiosity about programming world. And I love this class so much, for Pro. Chuck is such a great teacher who could easily made the learning interesting. Thanks again!
Somewhat challenging towards the end, but also very interesting.  I appreciate the small scale on which one operates in this course, but it is easy to see how one could scale Python to perform much larger tasks.
Very Good. This is my one of the best MOOC I enjoyed. The exercises were indulging and encouraging. Wish Dr Chuck our best for future such easy to understand session and enlighten many more like me. Thanks much.
This course helped me learn most of the python commands I need to solve the problem. I read the book first and worked on all the problems before taking this course and it helped greatly to hone my coding skills.
That was an amazing course with an amazing Dr. Chuck teaching! The material is truly foundational and Dr.Chuck's manner of teaching really help to learn it well. He perfectly combines knowledge and fun! 5 stars!
I have enjoyed the course ,learned python skills, moreover this course  assignments make me to develop my problem solving ability. A suggestion from me that course materials need to be more dig into the topics.
Great instructor .. I hesitated to start with Python or any programming language...But with Dr.Charles, I start both Python and SQL.I highly recommend every single course that is taught by Dr.Charles.Thank you.
Dr. chuck is an awesome instructor. this course is best suited for people who get bored very easily. Dr. chuck and the assignments will keep you engaged all the time. and in no time you'll start to love PYTHON.
Learned so much, and I have a much better understanding of programming and how the Engineers I work with design our code base. I now feel comfortable enough navigating our code base and look for potential bugs.
Well. I had none of experience about data structure and just attended first course of python but I didnt feel any frustrated during the course. I felt learning and motivated. Great course for starter in Python!
I love the way Dr. Chuck explaining different data structures in Python. It's so clear! and also I love those design of quiz, they made me more familiar with the contents.thanks you for such a wonderful course!
I have been writing software for going on 40 years, but had never taken the time to learn Python. Dr. Chuck has made it easy to learn the basics and to build a few simple programs that reinforce the principles.
I ran into some big walls while doing the assignments in this course. However, thanks to the Dr. Chuck's lectures and, the support of the staff, helped me get through with a solid understanding of the concepts.
Excellent course! Graduation ceremony is so moving. I will always keep these 8 words in mind: Passion, Purpose, Persistence, Playfulness, Choice, Commitment, Connections, Completion. Thank you again, DR. Chuck.
Great introduction to Python - have been using python a little while and helped me understand a few points about dicts and tuples that I didn't quite have a grasp on. Could use with moving to Python 3 though...
Prf. Chuck is an excellent teacher, I feel excited every time I complete a program with the indicated specifications. I hope to continue on this path, learning and improving with the python course for everyone
Really good for learning the basics of Python data structures. Relates well to the knowledge of other languages and the teacher is great at explaining things. Exercises are easy enough to progress comfortably.
The course is well structured and the instructor is amazing.He clarifies Python data structure briefly and builds up the concept in an organized way.I am looking forward to learning more about python from him.
dr. chuck is amazing his style is interactive. I like his teaching. the only problem I face during the course is i could under the slides code perfectly but felt little hesitant while attempting the exercises.
This is a very good course for beginners and the way sir teaches is really amazing. He ensures that you won't get bored during the lectures and provides the information, with examples which are then explained.
The course is Structured well for those who are relatively new to programming. The course is well thought out as the chapters are sequential and the home works build up on the previous piece of code you wrote.
Dr. Chuck, thank you for another excellent course. Your charm, sense of humor, and carefully crafted lessons are a joy to follow and complete. I look forward to the next courses in the specialization with you!
Thank you all for this great course. I've learned a lot of things with Python and with Dr. Chuck. Thanks for the great jobs and all open course material and all things to promote education. Thanks from Brazil.
I really had some knowledge with this course because of my course instructor of this course, who made this course easy to understand and also made it easy, I wish I could take more courses offered by coursera
The content is great, lecturer is great and overall one of the best online courses I've done. Finished in 3 days. Thanks a lot Chuck! Can't wait to do the next course and many more of your courses. Peace! Em.
It's really cool way of deciphering the data structure using python, Dr Chuck as always is the best in keeping interesting exercises which really tests the skills learned in the course. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck
The lectures are excellent and the pace of the course is just to right absorb the information and complete the assignments with enough challenge to get you thinking but no so much you feel it's too difficult.
Great for someone new to the language. The structure and layout of the course is perfect, Dr Chuck makes the learning enjoyable and the graded online assignments are good to ensure you understand the concept.
Course is awesome but the only issue i faced during the course-time is that in one question in quiz of strings chapter it was incomplete and i've to guess the answer which i manged to get it on my third try.
It is interesting to learn python 3 in this class, from which I really learned something about Python Data Structures. The assignment is adaptable for me, which helped me review the knowledge in the courses.
Thank you so much Dr. Chucks sir. This course details are really helpful for a beginner.I'm learning techniques of coding and implementing codes by my own. There was a time when I was not liking to do codes.
Amazing, before this course "Python for everybody". I was a noob to python programming language but now after taking 2 courses in this specialization I am able to write small programs, Thank you Sir CHARLES.
Material was good and the instructor explained the material well, using good examples and spoke clearly such that one could understand easily. Good course, recommended for everyone who wants to learn Python.
It was really fun and informative. Assignment problems are really good. And Mr. Chuck you are such a nice person, I wish we could meet sometime. I am from Delhi, India in case you are booking flight tickets.
A great course, helped me a lot to get strong  at data structures fundamentals , and also the assignments were helpful they're more realistic , I found them unique and simple. it was a wonderful expierience.
It is very informative course that enhances my python skills. The content of the course and building of assignments are very efficient. The explanation of course by Dr.Charles Russell Severance is also best.
Great course to start learning programming. All the concepts are well explained with a good pace for everybody. I would recommend this course anyone new to programming or even to brush up their knowledge....
This course is the most useful python lecture I've seen! I learned basic python knowledge in a short period of time. also, It's not just a boring programmer language lecture. I have so much fun during study.
Very worthwhile. I tried several times getting through Python on my own, but I kept running into weird issues and this time I was able to get through some of the bumps. Sometimes a little hand holding helps.
It didn't take terribly long for me to complete this course, and I learned a lot! Professor Severance is a wonderful instructor and I look forward to continuing this Python specialization under his guidance.
I really liked the course, the professor simplified the subject even someone with no computer science background should be able to grasp the concept. It was something to do and learn and I really enjoyed it.
Excellent course and excellent teacher.The course is well organized that though it's a bit rough at the beginning , once you get into the mindset the video lectures and assignments come together very easily.
Charles Severance is an awesome teacher.His way of explaining concepts really makes me get more interested in python and overall programming.I would recommend this course to anyone interested in programming.
I am very happy that i have completed this course,i highly appreciate the efforts took by the professor,i am highly impressed by his teaching ways...i recommend this course to my fellow learners.Thanks sir.
Charles is such a patient instructor and who has complete understanding of how a newbie to Python need to understand complex stuff. Appreciate the effort put in preparing the examples, course structure etc.
Very well explained by Dr. Chuck . Enjoyed learning from you sir. It was not at all boring as the other stuff I have gone through for learning the programming languages. It was fun learning Python from you.
I am a new student of this course.This course is very helpful for learning python data structures.The instructor is so co-operative that I can complete this work very efficiently.So thanks to the instructor
The lecturer was clear and understandable. But can you also provide more practice on auto-grader? they don't necessarily be assignments, but at least we can get some correction or hint from the auto-grader.
This course will help you understand how to easy program with python. It has helped me a lot to understand how "thinks" python and how to solve problems of big text files and e-mails.I totally recommend it.
I started programming with python with no experience with python. I have completed two of the courses of python and it is getting interesting more and more! thank you dr.chuck , you can teach well though :P
In Java learning, I just cannot understand things about files or other higher structures. But by studying after this course, it's just easy when it comes to Python. Thank you to Pro. Severance and Coursera.
This course is a good continuation of the previous course. Prof. Chuck explains everything in a simple yet intuitive manner. The course is enjoyable and the bonus videos at the end are an amazing addition,
One of the best courses on Python with easy to perform coding exercises and quizzes. The course is very well designed accustomed to the beginner's needs. Moreover, the instructor has done a tremendous job.
Absolutely amazing course. The professor is simply awesome in how he is teaching and explaining and the book is also extremely helpful with the exercises. Thank you very much for offering this possibility!
As always, I love the way Dr Chuck teaches the course.  He makes very enjoyable.  The lectures and assignments are easy to understand.  I am looking forward to taking the third class.  Thanks you Dr Chuck!
I like verything about the course: instructor's explanation, structure of the course, tasks. I will definitely recommend it to those who want to start learning programming at least to expand their outlook.
Dr Chuck is a wonderful, wonderful teacher. Thanks to him, every time I am more motivated and cannot wait to start another lesson. Very good basics, lots of examples and assignments performed step by step.
Enjoyed the way he broke everything down. If I were to make one critique, I'd like a section that had additional (optional) exercises to get extra practice to make sure the lessons are committed to memory.
Great course!A must for everyone interested in building software solutions using the python language. Dr. Chucks makes the course fun and interesting. I could not stop watching the video.Thanks Dr. Chucks!
A comprehensive, well-structured and very well taught course. Its really very helpful for beginners.One of the best part of the course is the debugging part because thats where most of us commit mistakes.
While the topics in this course were more challenging and required more effort, through lectures and readings, the instructor helped me understand the beginnings of data structures and their capabilities.
It was one of the best courses I had online. I learned many things including strings, tuples, dictionaries, etc I python. I really enjoyed the course. Now, looking forward to the next course in the queue.
I would say this is the best course of my life. Got a better understanding of Python's Data Structures and hoping to complete all the modules in this specialization.  Thank you very much, Professor Chuck.
The instructor and the material made learning Python Data Structures fun and exciting.  I learned that I have to stop overthinking the solutions since simplicity was always the path to the correct script.
Thanks Charles Severance, Training objectives were clearly explained and achieved,There are too many good points to list! The course was very relevant to my job and will help me in most aspects of my work
This course is a great material to understand data structures in python. I am really advice everyone who wants to learn python to start this course right now, it is a very useful and simple to understand.
I just loved this course. The way of teaching and explaining the things is very nice and descriptive. Dr.Chuck is a great teacher. I am very excited for the coming next two courses in this specialization.
I learned all the fundamental tools of Python language that i could use in my future programming. I'm really looking forward to the next classes that would take me deeper and deeper into the Python world!
Quick and easy introduction to useful Python data extraction tools. A great resource! I especially like that I can move through it at my own pace and move on to more interesting (to me) exercises. Thanks!
Dr Chuck's delivery is excellent. I completed this course quite quickly, I had programming experience but no Python experience, but still felt the videos were well paced and presented the topics clearly.
Thorough explanation of all concepts, brilliant illustrative speech, and an overall excellent course. The proof of concept for each chapter through a given assignment really makes the lessons worthwhile.
If you want to start with data structure in Python , then  it will be great choice. The course content is quite well organized. The quizes and assignments are quite helpful to improve programming skills.
This is a great curse for people with no background in programing or computer science knowledge. The pace, content and method are all perfect. One can easily manage it along with job or formal education.
really really wonderful!!! love this course so much and love the professor so much!!! the professor is so cute that he really tries to give you the certificate and shake you hand behind the screen!!! hhh
Excellent way to learn the fundamentals of Python in a short period of time.  This is the second class; be sure to take "Programming for Everyone (Python)" first.  Well worth the time, money, and effort.
This module was a very good introduction for me to learn the basic tools of Python and its unseen behind process. For the ones who can write algorithms in other languages, this is a perfect introduction.
The course is really good for the beginners......Especially if one refers the recommended book "Python for Everybody" along with the lectures then learning experience becomes pretty enjoyable...........
Alhamdulillah. the course was very useful in understanding how python handles with data. The course is self paced and helps you understand the python data handling in very easy steps.Thanks to Dr. Chuck
Fantastic course! Even after 5 years of Python it is always good to get back to the basics with one of the most fun, clear, concise instructors of Coursera! Thoroughly enjoyed during the lock-down time!
I am in love with coursera, they are awesome and I wish them all the best! They have definitely been a great help so far. This course was great, a well structured second step towards the specialization.
Learned so much more about programming in general and the concepts of extracting data than I thought. If makes it even easier using other languages like C# or Scripting languages like Batch, PowerShell.
Awesome data structure course! Covered everything important I want to know about list, dict, tuples, etc. It is very clear, interesting, and engaging. Can't wait to start the next course from Dr. Chuck!
For first time programmers this seems to be perfect. Coming from multiple other languages it would be nice to be able to (temporarly) hide the detailed hints to the steps in the programming assignments.
This course on Python Data Structure was super-Awesome.It really made me to get interested in Data Structures which I was not able to understand clearlyDr Chuck is just awesome.Looking forward for more
Course moves at a good pace. The instructor seems genuinely passionate about the subject and presents worked solutions 'warts and all' which is a great opportunity to see how to think out the problems.
An excellent course, highly recommend it.  They have mildly gamified the course.  I felt so rewarded after finishing an assignment.  The lecture materials and all course materials were easily obtained.
Dr Chuck is one of the best teachers I have ever met.  His way of teaching complex subjects so simply is a real art.  Thank you Dr Chuck - you have really helped me find a passion in computer science.
I recommend this course to those who want to learn python without any programming experience before. The professor is really nice and make every concept and function very easy and clear to understand.
Clear and concise course about Python basic Data Structures (dictionary, list, tuples). Computer Talks and interviews with relevant Technology leaders. Videos with students and meetings (Office Hours)
This course provides a crystal-clear coverage on Python data structures.  If you need to spin up quickly on Python data structures (file, list, dict, tuple), this will get you there with ease.  Enjoy!
Careful and deliberate coverage of Python's data structures.  Use of the accompanying book provides additional detail beyond the lectures as well as further practice in the use of the data structures.
I really like this courses from Dr. Chuck. Just like previous course, this one has also been entertaining and interesting. I'm looking forward to the rest of courses in this specialization for Python.
very interesting way likeable teaching. I wish if there were more professors using similar teaching approach.This is my 9 th course on coursera and only 2nd i completed -- cause i could get it !Thanks
I'm so happy to take the Python Data Structures course from Dr. Chuck and learning a new programming language becomes a passion for loving what you do. Thank you for sharing your experiences with us.
It
is a very good course with assignment videos, Teaching materials, and Hands-on
activity. In the other course, you can't get such type of facilities. In my
opinion, it is worth your time and money.
I love the way this class i taught. I have been able to understand the logic and flow of programming more than I ever have, even after taking 3 other programming classes in college before!!Thank you!
I feel incredible that I knew almost nothing about programming just a month ago. Now I have done two of the courses of the specialization and I can actually understand other basic codes. Great course
I love the way Dr. Chuck interacts with the students even though its an online class. Nor do I know him personally neither does he know me. But he makes this class interesting. Hats off to Dr. Chuck!
it was amazing course and i'm really exited to go for more courses for python data science and web development with the instructions of Dr.chuck ... thanks for this course and it was very learnable..
I relay enjoyed this course with Dr. Chuck, i found it quite enjoyable and not to hard to get through considering i am not from an coding or i.t. background. looking forward to starting the next one.
It is an excellent and very professional course for anyone who wants to learn Python. It is very well explained and with methods that are not seen in any video on youtube. I recommend it to everyone!
First time tackling this subject and made it through, not taken for granted.Just one thing, if the tutors can be more helpful and review the code with one line of comment it will be much appreciated.
Challenging for someone with zero experience with coding. Took a fairly long time to grind through the first two courses in the specialisation, but the lectures and course material were very helpful.
The course is great but my former experience in programming (C, C++ and PHP) helped me a lot with understanding the chapters. I liked the exercises very much and Dr Chuck's style is really catching.
Very Good course after learning python for everybody it will also take you to the little bit deep into the python and you will learn about python library and list and dictionary and many more thing.
this course was much more involved and the detailed instruction was excellent. I am taking notes during videos. I refer to the $10 text book with index when working exercises. thank you great course
Felt like this stepped up a gear - learnt some really 'cool' code and can see how Python can be used to solve a few more complicated situations that in the introductory course. Really enjoying this.
Quiet awesome! I won't write a long review cuz i will keep going towards the next course. Thanks for the teaching staff for repling my questions and thanks for Dr.Chunk for such a wonderful course:)
very nicely conducted. satisfied with contents and professor also.it really helped me with enhancing my Data Structure skills and shifting me for taking another course in COURSERA.THANK YOU COURSERA
This is an excellent course to learn the basics of data structure. Lessons, assignments as well as the teachers let you learn and solve what you need to succeed and to understand every step you make
Fantastic course! Clear, concise, with a lot of great concepts. It really shows Python's power for working with data, and I'm excited to take it even further in the next course. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
This course has taught me about Python data structures in a very simple and elegant way. I highly recommend it for anyone searching for information about that topic in a very organized and easy way.
This course helped me to learn about the data structures of python and everything was explained by the professor very nicely. Thank You to Professor and the entire coursera team for so much efforts.
From 0 to Python Hero, this course gave me the kick start I needed and defined my fundamentals in Python programming. Many thanks to Dr. Chuck #personalhero and the entire Coursera team & community.
Thank you Professor Severance,I enjoyed learning Python.  Your approach to teaching: lecture, example, homework and hints to homework, combined to make taking your class a great learning experience.
Interesting course for  a beginner. Took me some time to match the puzzles in programming world. A lot of hiccups along the way but thanks for Professor Charles making everything clear and consise.
Dr. Chuck is an outstanding instructor!! He really gets how it's like to be a beginner and explains things in a simple and clear way.  He brings a lot of energy to the course and also makes it fun!
Dr. Chcuck expalisn the concepts clearly. I found this course very helpful even though i have experience in programming. Bonus videos at the end of the classes are very good. Thank you Dr. Chuck !!
Self paced course is great stay at home course work.  I recommend to those who want to get ahead with leaving home. Great course and instructor is awesome with step by step explanation to examples.
Mr. Chuck is the best online instructor. He can clear all your doubts, can motivate you easily, very encouraging. I thank him so much for coming up with this course and hope to meet him someday. :)
Possibly the best MOOC I've taken.  Excellent instructor, professionally designed course. Excellent combination of videos, quizzes, and actual coding exercises. Excellent coverage of core concepts.
extreamly recommended course, this is the best online course that i take, dr chuck explain perfect, there is no way that you cant understard, thanks and if you want to take this course do not doubt
Very simple understand the collections. Simple examples catch our eyes. I have never learnt this way; though I had read other programming languages where in I need to concentrate so much to read an
Great course! couldn't believe it when i finished the first one, and now can't believe i even finished the 2nd. This is not at all like the ordinary boring programming courses. Highly recommended!!
Nice continuation from the first course. Though I got to admit that most of my learning for this course came from the e-book the professor wrote as I understand better reading than watching videos.
Very good, attractive course! Thanks Dr. Chuck for interesting, practical and detailed approach in teaching this course of Python! Thanks for humor and professionalism in lectures!Best regards,Alex
At a loss for words. Brilliant course and fantastic instructor that teaches you how to think while programming and how-to attack programming problems step by step while verifying after every step.
Excellent Course to learn about Data Structures in Python that too from very basic. I really loved all the concepts and learned a lot. A must-do course for all the beginners in Python Programming!
Its an awesome course.the instructor is awesome and his classes are very understandable.i thank coursera and Michigan university for this awesome course and i thank dr.chuck  for taking this class
Course is very nice and a person having no knowledge of programming can also understand it completely. However, I also found that there are few interview videos that we can skip to save some time.
It is easy to learn, understandable and great course. The instructor has very great communication and presentation skills and a good style. I reccomend this course for basic python datastructures.
More assignments would be good to get enough hands-on. Assignments should cover all previous concepts in more depth to ensure we keep referring/refreshing on the concepts from the earlier chapters
Chuck's way of teaching is so intuitive and student friendly. Really appreciate all the pain he took in thinking deeply as to how to present his material in such an easy-to-understand way. Thanks!
The course is taught by a great instructor who really goes into the details of every tiny bit of the code we work with. He simplifies everything very well. I would recommend this course to anyone.
This was my 2nd course of specialization in python. Content of the course is really helpful for the beginners like me. Instructor Mr. Charles Severance explained every concept in the simplest way.
It was a great course in which I found very specific and useful information to start immersing in Python programming. Professor Charles Severance is the best until now, at least in my experience.
Python Data Structures is another great course taught by the great
Dr. Chuck, the course introduce you to the basic data structures in
python - Not All the data structures - in a very simple way.
This was a great course! It was well paced, with good practice problems to test yourself. I also really liked the bonus videos, which were interviews of various people of importance in computing.
Thank you so much, Dr.Chuck. Your worked exercises were really helpful for me to understand the code thoroughly and the advice to print after the steps to check what's happening after every step.
I am a fullstack java developer, I am actually learning Python because, I would like to switch to datascience, I found this course very interested, I am enjoying this course. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Very friendly and effective way to learn Python - course well structured - great pace and comprehensive examples - that gets to the subject to learn without rhetorical explanations or shortcuts -
An excellent course, in content and structure. By the time you reach the final assignments you really do appreciate how much you have learned and how to apply it to practical real life situations
This second Python course included more complex assignments and much more interesting content than the first part of it. I strongly recommend it for those, who interested in computer programming!
This courser is far more challenging than the previous. So be prepared and stick to the problems, makes solving them more satisfying. The problem really combines everything together quite nicely.
Fantastic course for learning and implementing data structures in Python.  I now feel like I have a healthy grasp as to how to scrub, analyze and implement data through various methods in Python.
For the love of God, you have to learn python from Professor Charles Severance as he is an absolute genius in the way he teaches this entire course. Highly recommended for all to come and do it.
An excillent course that covers all data structures like list, tuples, strings and dicitionaries in an excellent teaching style of Dr. Chuck. It was a great experience learning from this course.
A great way to keep learning in basic Python data structures. Charles makes it really easy to understand and for somebody with no programming language background whatsoever it is a great course.
The pace and detail level of this course is perfect.   I think the course is valuable if you are new to coding or if you are familiar with coding, but want to learn python syntax and structures.
An excellent explanatory course with handson experience.  Though assignments are thoughtful, some more assignments would make us practice more.  Thank you Dr Chuck. Hope to listen in next course
The course is very well structured and easy paced. The lectures by Dr Chuck are extremely comprehensible . It makes programming fun and enjoyable. Looking forward to enroll into the next course.
Thank you Chuck!!I love the final little graduation ceremony, it's so cute!Hopefully I will begin the next session with you very soon.BTW, I got the same Harry Potter bottle but it's Gryffindor.
Great course, step-by-step learning. Content is easy to understand and well explained. Videos provide further explanation, if required. If you want to learn Python by yourself, get enrolled now!
Was amazing the process to manipulate data from files to obtain something that you need.It really was to powerfull and I`m totally motivated to follow develop these skills and why not share it.
I've learnt how to do some new things from the graded examinations and from the lessons, there are many new things to learn about the concepts of these things and it is a great courses overall.
Wonderful course Dr. Chuck, You taught such a complex concept(from my perspective) in a very easy way and the assignments was just perfect for one to get complete understanding of these topics.
Excellent introduction to Python basics of data collection (lists, dictionaries, tuples), how to use them and manipulate them.  Dr Chuck is excellent in his explanations.  Great sense of humor!
Really nice classes. Help you learn Python programming step by step, and get a bit understanding of data structure. Really interesting, and will keep going with next courses. Thank you so much!
Dr.  Chuck does an amazing job of teaching Python to newcomers. He is very down to earth in his teaching trying to make things as easy as possible for learners. Great teacher with fun attitude.
Awesome course! Teach you how to analyze text files. How work with the lists, dictionaries and tuples! Teach you how to find most common thing in a text file. Great, smart and funny instructor!
I really love the python programming. A big thanks to coursera and my lecturer Dr.Chuck for all the material, quiz and assignments. I'm really looking forward to complete the remaining courses.
This module requires a deeper analysis and concentration, even though it's a little short for the expectations, at the end we get to learn very important coding procedures and problem solving.
Dr. Charlie S Sir is awesome.Want to thank him from the bottom of my heart for sharing such a precious knowledge in a simplified manner,Best course if you are a beginner. Thank you once again!
This course is very friendly yet a little challenge to beginners.  But questions are explained clearly to the audience. I highly recommend this class series to the beginner students of Python.
Thanks so much for putting together another outstanding course. I love the easy to understand building block approach Dr. Chuck uses to teach Python. Excellent course and excellent instructor.
Chuck Severance is the best programming teacher I have ever met.  If you can't understand programming after taking one of his courses you should consider whether programming is really for you.
great course but very basic. For ones with intermediate programming expertise, finish it fast and treat it like a refresher with a different explanation/interpretation of ideas from Dr. Chuck.
Would like to have more exercises and maybe less and shorter videos. However I do appreciate the amount of work that has been put in creating this course but more fun exercises would not harm.
I like this course since I feel that the flow of each chapter. In this case, Dr. Charles Severance really knows how to deliver his knowledge to a novice or beginner, and I thank you for that.
It was great doing this course with coursera . Dr.chuck was good at making things understand and present them in a simple way. I recommend this to everyone and I hope everyone should love it.
absolutely useful the pace of the course is really nice anyone who desires to learn python can easily make use of it everyone just have try the best online python course ever that i have seen
A quick an easy introduction to simple data structures using python. A good intro course both for begginers and for people just wanting to get a hold of python. The previous course is a must.
This is a wonderful follow up to the first Python course by Dr. Chuck.The course makes light work of Data Structures and doesn't make them seem as intimidating as they otherwise would. Thanks
easy and good overview. assignments fit the material well but also not too challanging in comparison to course level. Great way to get familiar with python or refresh your programming skills.
This was more challenging (and fun) than the first Python class, but if you just stick with it and put your time into figuring it out, you will get it (and it's super rewarding when you do!).
Awesome experience. Dr. Chuck is a good teacher, gives real time examples, walked us through his world  tour. Perfect Videos , sessions.I would give 10/10 for Dr.Chuck , Sir you are the best.
The series is awesome! Dr.Chunk is cool and always make things interesting when describing! The textbook is great as well. Anyway this is an informative courses series, worth to take them all
It was a great experience since I'd explored some unique features of Python.  Using Python Data Structures is really useful in many problems. Also, It will help me to learn A.I. development.
One of the best instructors out there for introductory python. For ever grateful to Dr. Chuck and his humorous personality throughout the course. Looking forward to the next course with him.
The course was amazing , initially I thought  that I will not be able  to complete the Graded assignments  but I am glad i could complete them. It was possible only because of the professor.
A very good course for beginners who wants to dive into the world of python. Dr. Chuck also makes it very enjoyable and easy to comprehend, the assignments are fun to do. Highly recommended.
Nice explanation. This course helps me learn some basics of Python's data structure. I am looking forward to finishing the succeeding courses. Thank you for all of the efforts you have made!
It is a great course, especially those who are not from the computer field. professor chuck severance is truly the best teacher. I didn't find any difficulty even I am from Mechanical Field.
I found this course even better than the previous one, the teacher has also been very stimulating in finding the next path of my studies which is really important, so thank you mister Chuck!
funny, exciting, learing a lot of programming knowledge of Python, as well as some information of computer technology and living staffs.Thank you very much for leading to the area of Python.
Once again a great add on to the previous course. Things are starting to get nice and icky with methods and properties. Also some interesting concepts. Well done with the training material !
This course was very informative and a nice introduction into the Python language. While I had taken a basic university algorithms course (c++), this covered all of the topics in that class!
1.Mind blowing when I learn dictionary with histogram concept2.First  start with "\n" and get into file where I learn  sequence of concept 3.Learn with Dr. Chuck is fun and learnt lot stuff
Dr. chucks is amazing I was always curious about programming but I always look to me like some are for geniuses only. with his courses, I start to fall in love with the idea of programming.
This course is amazing ! Dr. Chuck is a very inspiring and  his communication skills are exemplary because I being only 15 years old was able to understand such a complex topic. Thankyou !!
Accepted Good python course you are at right place. This course helps to learn so many things.  You can easily understand all thing. Given Assignment is perfect for for test your knowledge.
What a great inspiration Dr. Chuck is! I completed this second course in the series and it completes and connects all the dots together. A must for all those who are doing the first course.
I loved the professor for his method of explaining things and way of talking. This should be the first ever course on Python one should pursue if he/she wants to learn this language. Kudos!
Very nice course. A very easy to follow design and a very helpful team of mentors and staff. Will definitely recommend 10/10Thank you all for a wonderful jobBest regardsLahiri Kanth Nanduri
I really enjoyed taking this course and I learned a great deal about  data structures. I was not familiar with any of the topics before and I am glad I took this course. Highly recommended.
Great Course, Little bit challenging but if you follows Dr Chunk Lectures and read the book you will make it,  it took me 1 week to complete this Course, Good Luck and Thanks a Lot Dr Chunk
I really love the teaching style of Dr. Chuck! He is an awesome teacher and explains things thoroughly and clearly. Recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Python data structure!
Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor. He breaks out Python program into easily digestible chunks and helps his students work through the details at every step. His enthusiasm is contagious.
Dr. Chuck and his crew really make this enjoyable. It's challenging enough to keep you working & thinking, but when you need help you can get it very quickly. I'm really enjoying the class.
Even as someone who has programmed before, this has been a great review. The course also provides a lot of plugs for the holes in my prior knowledge. Not to mention the instructor's great.
This course is really great and I learnt so many things about Python Data structures. and teacher is good at teaching and explaning each concepts by using practical concepts and programms.
A comprehensive course on the basics of Python Data Structures. I was able to review and understand some topics better through this course. Highly recommended for those new to programming.
It is a very useful class. The professor understands that we don't know about the Python and tries to explain everything in a very easy way so that we can follow him. :) Thank you so much!
Clear and concise way to learn.I would say this is the most important of all the other python . Do not rush through this. This is foundational for your data analysis and manipulation later
I love this course. So far I have completed first two courses in Python for Everybody series. The way Dr. Chuck teaches is very efficient. I recommend everyone to go through these courses.
Exceptional course. There are things covered in the lectures that I could not find in the book. I wish they were 1:1 in content covered. I will probably revisit this course as a refresher.
I like the way how simply Charles teaches. He covers all the topics in such a way that the student can understand each and every wrd that he speaks and understand all the topics with ease.
I enjoyed this course and I thought Charles was a wonderful teacher. However, I thought more graded and guided practice would be helpful although I understand that is up to us as students.
This was a really nice, "play-by-play", intro course explaining the basic principles of using Python to create 'collections' (list, dictionaries, tuples). Highly recommended for beginners.
Perfect course to learn programming and nice assisting staff. Encouraging spirit of peers and mentors through the online forums which makes it easy to learn and apply the course completely
Great course covering basically every elementary data structure in python, hoping there's stuff about class, object and various packages in the following courses under this specialization.
I love the course! Everything becomes clear and quite easy. Thank you Dr. Chuck for your manner of teaching, it's really awesome, it keeps students interested and makes them never give up!
Dr. Chuck presents python in an easy to understand yet informative manner. I highlt recommend all of his Python courses to anyone interested in learning Python. I am starting my third.....
The course was very informative and I learned a lot about python's data structure, as well as idioms and patterns that are common in a lot of programming problems, so it was really great.
it was so interesting course . i have finished this course with happy. i would like to say thanks to my lectures  and enstractures for giving this superb course for my knowledge. thanks!!
This is a very help full course for me . I would  like to give thanks to courser a for making such a wonder full platform for students . The way of teaching is fantastic and mind blowing.
This is a good course. Lots of material covered in a fun and interesting way. There aren't much theory, however, but the lecture will get you going, and allow you to do stuff with Python.
I really like the professor and the pace he follows to complete the course. I also like that in contrast with the first curse, he gives you less hints to struggle, which is what makes you
It's a wonderful tutorial and at the same time explanation was quite fantastic. I am looking forward for other tutorial regarding Python. Last but not the least a big thanks to Dr. Chucks
Awesome course on python. it is courtesy of coursera to offer such value education with financial aid. it helped me a lot in grasping the concept of data-structures in python. thanks sir.
I just loved this course. And specially the way how Charles explains things. That kind of explanation makes things way easier to understand. Thanks for having such a nice course available
I found this course really interesting and assignments were challenging. The entire course structure is defined systematically and every part of the course is well descriptive. Thank you.
Spectacular course that will expand your knowledge of Python fundamentals like managing lists, dictionaries and tuples. You will start to feel like more of a programmer after this course!
Excellent teaching and vivid examples to handle the basic data structures of Python. I think it is a very good intruduction for anyone to get down to Python. Wish all the best! Thank you!
This whole series of python courses is better than I could have hoped. I've taken several online courses with a local college, and even without being live, this series surpasses them all.
Very interesting course. If you like Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python), you should keep learning and subscribe to Python Data Structures.I am ready for the next one!
This course will teach you very well no matter how hards or how tricky the topics are but Dr. Chuck knows how to connect to every student who knows a little bit about Python programming.
It's a very useful course with relatively challenging excercises. It gives you the tools to successfully make a program related to data structures such as lists, dictionaries and tuples.
Excellent course, a must to get the detailed working of the basic data structures of python programming, would have loved it even more if there would have be a bit more solved exercises.
Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor. I have tried to learn python in other places, but it was not as exciting as this one. All credit goes to Dr. Chuck for this highly interactive course!
Very good.  I like this course very much as it's not too easy but also the material and assignment are very good for learning and practising.  I really think  I learnt something from it.
It's an awesome course: clearly structured, well explained and easy to follow. Yet it provides the necessary knowledge to be able to solve assignments and proceed to more complex topics.
It was great introducing the data structures of Python and finishing the tutorial part of the specialization.I Will revisit these videos many times to remember all the necessary details.
I'm so happy to audit this course. Thanks a lot that I can have an access to all the materials for free, provided that's it is only necessary thing to get knowlege and improve my skills.
Great introductory course to data structures in Python. Course materials consist of short video's explain key topics, followed by quizzes, assignments and assignment walk through videos.
The tutor is very talented in explaining the basics in an easy to understand way.However, this course turned out to be very easy for me, so I just rushed through the assignments, mostly.
Great Course, the assignments are built in the same level as the lectures, and the fact that the assignment have dependancy on other assignments is great.  it makes practice even better.
Nicely Paced.  A good refresher for those who dropped Python for sometime and good introduction for total newbies.  It is building up nicely ... anxious for the next course.  Classes???
this course build the confidence also the curiosity to learn more very comfort and easy approached coursethe advisors and the teachers are well qualifiedespecially Dr.chuck is amazing .
Thank you Mr.Charles Russell Severance for this course.I am very happy about this course and also learnt knowledge on python data structure.Thank you Once Again.-Best Regards, Karthik.M
I really like and admire the way  Dr Chuck taught this class, the way he found interesting ways to pass messages across. Thank you for taking time out to make a great content like this.
Finally find a systematic learning progrom for Python.  The skill being taught is far from difficult but you can still see the achievement realized and progress being made step by step.
It is a good course that teaches the basic concepts of how to handle text files and use the different functions to manage and process information such as lists, dictionaries and tuples.
Dr. Chuck is awesome! He's making spooky, strange, foreign, intimidating coding very accessible to me with no condescension.Actually very fun to learn. Much thanks to UofM and Coursera!
Great class! I learned a lot about the data structure in python, including string, files, dictionary, tuple. I will continue the next course in the specialization. Thanks a lot to py4e!
hey it's an excellent course for python. do check it out. it goes in a very smooth or rather a comfortable manner. it will be foundation if u wanna go with further courses of this spez.
This course actually makes use of all the basics we have been taught in course 1 of this specialisation series. In this course we finally do something meaningful with our lines of code.
Again an  Excellent course by coursera. I enjoyed a lot doing the assignment of this course. The instructor was also very good. Please can you make some courses on Django and Postgresql
I loved it. It allowed me to learn a lot of very relevant tips and tricks that will help to make my life easier.Thank you very much.Keep up the great work!I can't wait for the next one.
Good learning experience, meeting people and vising different places by DR.Chunk impressed me a lot. I seek a new way of learning and sharing experiences through this program. Thank you
Great course for beginners. Dr Chuck makes understanding Data Structures easy and clear. A nice balance of theory and practice which makes the course extremely engaging and instructive.
Excellent course with in depth explanations. It is well structured. Is learn to programming from very basics to optimum level. It help me to understand details of using data structures.
Excellent course structure! Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher. Learned a lot from this course that helped me in my studies. Thank you Coursera community for sponsoring me for this course!
This course specification help me learn python from scratch, really enjoy this lecture and the assignment. By now, I think this course is still easy, which make me feel like keep going.
I had a great learning experience with this module. Dr.Chuck is awesome.. The way he allows us to delve into the concepts is truly amazing.Hoping to take next modules from him.Cheers :)
Great course, the explanations  are very simple and he takes the time to be sure that you understand the concepts, the examples are clear and this teacher is the best, very carismatic.
It was the best course so far I have attended in this subject. Professor  Charles Severance teach at very basic level and then after the assignment we could get pretty much confidence.
Prof. Severance has explained all theory and usage of all commands in practice. By it seems like there were practical tasks, by the internet and books provided by prof have a lot them.
Dr Chuck is amazing, and the course material is very friendly for a complete beginner. Could have included more (perhaps optional) coding problems for people who want to practice more.
The course is very best for who want to learn a python from basic with most talented prof cum friend .Thank you University  of Michigan and Coursera and lat but not list Pro. Dr.chuck.
The course was amazing but the name in my certificate is misprinted and as I had done ID verification it is not changing, if you can help me it will really be nice of you.Thanking you.
The course made python very easy to learn and understand it. Thankyou coursera and to the mentor of University of Michigan. Please provide such good free courses during this quarantine
Well organised and comprehensive coverage. The slides and 
explications are kept as simple as possible, but yet do not spare out 
important details - a balance that is hard to achieve.
Really good course for beginners.I started from scratch and learned a lot .The way  Dr. Charles Severance teaches is very effective.It is fun learning python with Dr. Charles Severance
Excellent Preliminary course for getting into Python Data scraping and Data science Fundamentals. Everything is covered -  Strings, Lists, Tuples and Dictionaries and their operations.
Very well explained, the most useful topic in the Python. The course help me to understand data structures in most simplest way possible. Keep up the good work. Definitely recommended!
Outstanding course. Beyond my initial expectations. It get right into the inner core of the semantics for manipulating data collections with this beatiful programming language. Thanks!
Absolutely a five star course for someone who wants to give it a shot in python. Professor Chuck is no doubt a great instructor. Love this course and going to continue to the next one!
This is an excellent course, as I had a great time learning through the whole course, each detail of the things cover in this course are well explain in an interesting/humorous manner.
I really learnt  well to apply the concepts of  dictionaries and files in python. Thank u so much. But i would like  you to add more assignments and quizzes. Overall nice experience!!
This is a  fantastic course for beginners and Dr. Chuck's lecture particularly when he describe about traceback error with his voice modulation and his body language keep me unturned.
Great course! I took in total of 4 days to complete course 1 &2 in the specialization. It introduces Python basic algorithm and data structure in a very clear way. Highly recommend!!!
Awesome Course. Prof. Dr. Chuck explained the concepts very clearly.Hands-on assignment session help to apply the concepts learned.Great kick-start to basis of python data structures.
Fantastic course, easy to follow, great structure. The course really helped my understanding of the basics. I look forward to completing the other modules at some point in the future.
I audited this course and found it to be very good.  Would recommend this to anyone looking to learn Python.  IDr. Severance's teaching style and explanations of the methods in Python
Nice course with basic understanding of python data structure. Professor was witty and it made learning so much interesting and made complex things very funny,easy and understandable.
this is of course one of the excellent course in which i had been throughand the graduation video is awesome and i say that ill never ever forget the 8 principles said thank you sirs
Although I'm only auditing these classes I find them excellent and recommend them for anyone interested in learning a new programming language. Kudos to the instructor and materials!
The course is well designed and Dr. Chuck is very passionate about teaching. I can feel that I was being treated as part of his students and I really appreciate the engaging feeling.
It's an amazing course having all the concepts of python data structure explained from basics moreover, practice assignments  helped to assess our knowledge and made learning easier.
I'm very happy that participated this course and gained lots of basic knowledges and skills on Python Programing. It's a high-quality course and wish all of you can enjoy it like me.
One of the best course and Proff.  Charles Severance is really a one of the best mentor, i ever seen and this course is very  important for engineering student  for the career growth
Dr. Severance does an excellent job explaining the material and selecting examples for use in homework. This is my first course on Coursera and I was pleased with how much I learned.
Great course, requires complete knowledge of previous course as that lays as foundation for this course.Dr. Charles is a dexterous teacher, I wish I had been his classroom student..!
I love this course, the lessons are clear and easy to understand and the exercises are challenging but not impossible. Dr.Chuck makes this course interesting and keeps you motivated!
Awesome lecturer, gives everything clear, always wanted to code, but was always afraid to start. This course changed it all for me, thanks to Dr. Chuck. Highly recommend to everyone.
Awesome course - great notes, great lectures, manageable assignments; wish there was more support for assignments or if there is then wish it was more easily / intuitively accessible
Good lessons, interesting assessments. Good for beginner and interesting for who (like me) has already got programming experience as it provides some nice point of view and examples.
This course is definitely the perfect companion to the previous course on Python.To all of the students who completed the first Python course, this is definitely a step worth taking!
Again, great course for learning programming and applying the material in real problems simple enough to continue to reaffirm concepts discussed in course. And professor is still A+!
Very good course for beginners without programming background. You will be able to learn many fundamental topics that you need to know in order to be a good and efficient programmer.
Thanks to Professor Charles Russell Severance. I learnt a lot from him. His way of teaching is so fascinating and cool. I am looking forward to enroll the next course. Thanks again.
This course really help us to get familiar with the data structure of python it will really help the students to understand the basic knowledge.Plus the assignments are pretty good.
Good experience for me! But it could be better if it can have a summary of the code we learn in each slide so that the learner could quickly pick up the knowledge after a few weeks.
Tutor Dr. Chuck is awesome, course material is quite nice and way of explanation by Dr. Chuck represents the standard of Education that University of Michigan and Coursera provides.
It's feel great and superb being in this class as got to learn many things ....but if could get more assignment question then it really help to pratice and to understand better.....
I love the professor! He makes the learning so much fun. I think it really helps beginner students to develop an interest at the start and become wiling to continue the exploration.
Highly recommend it to people who don't have a programming background. I have programmed before but this is a course that helps you get your feet wet and still do critical thinking.
Great introduction into data structures in python, including lists, dictionaries and tuples. As an useful example you learn how to get a list of the ten most common words in a text.
Excellent course structure and it was very easy to understand. The best part of this specialization is that the lectures, quizzes and assignments motivate to keep you going. Thanks!
The course is very good, but, on top of all, the sense of humor and the excelent mood of the teacher makes this a better experience than I ever had with any other comparable course.
I understand every bits and bytes of the python data structure. The professor teaching this course is the best teacher I have encountered in my life. His teaching style is awesome.
Amazing Instructor and course.I wish I had learned all my previous classes and courses from Dr. Chuck, Great instructor.Note:Please add more coding exercises with complex problems.
Very good, It explains in detail the main data structures, the pace of the class is just right. Maybe I would have liked a little bit more complex examples but anyway they're good.
This was a great follow up to the 1st course in the specialization.  The assignments were a bit more difficult for me, being a beginner, but really help me put everything together.
It was an awesome experience learning this course. I will recommend it to my friends who would like to further study python data structures or build their base for data structures.
The instructor's passion for programming is a huge motivator to learn. The lessons are done at a suitable pace. My only suggestion, would be to provide optional practice questions.
I would like to thank Dr.Charles for his great way of teaching which makes the course more interesting . This is the best online course I have undergone so far . Thanks Charles :-)
Thanks a lot Mr.Chuck, you are amazing instructor which make me be more familiar with python data structure and become more stronger with python as a programming language. it's FUN
Just as the previous course, it is made to be intuitive and easy to grasp. The problems are challenging with moderation, which is a good trait from this course. Highly recommended!
Its an amazing course through which one can learn and understand the concepts of data structures in python. The professor teaches in a joyful manner to keep the interest in the lec
An awesome course! I loved the way Dr.Chuck teaches enthusiastically. I 
also enjoyed the bonus material of each chapter that introduced me to 
the pioneers in the computing field.
This is a great course, excellent contents and excellent teacher.I have gain a lot of knowledge I can use at work and for sure I will have a better performance at programming time.
Amazing course - mainly because of Chuck :) Really helps you learn Python. And just in the next course in this specialization you'll see how important things from this section are.
Excellent course.Dr. Chuck is an excellent professional, and of course, an excellent and funny trainer. This course has improved my knowledge about the python programming language.
Dr. Chuck is an outstanding instructor. It was due to his passion to teach that I stuck with the course and ended up developing interest in it. I hope he builds more such courses.
Dr. Chuck is clearly the coolest professor any student can get. The course is just right with an approach to basic data structures of python i.e., Lists, Dictionaries, and Tuples.
well structured,easy to understand course,all the assignments and videos are really helpful.I would recommend this to anyone who wants to start learning data structures in python.
Excellent course for beginners to get to learn about various python programming concepts. Thanks to the course instructors for explaining the concepts in a simple and easy manner.
Super! Great videos explaining the concepts and working it out on a concrete problem. The assignments are also lots of fun. Challenging enough but not too much. Really enjoy this!
This is great course for beginners.Every key point included to learn python programming.Deep Understanding how to useAnd wow Dr. Chuck, Hi... I like to learn from his videos... :)
Great course and very easy to follow as the explanations make sense.  I look forward to the lectures and assignments every week and thrilled that I chose this one to learn Python.
This course is a 10. I love Dr Chuck really.He really takes his time, explains in detail and he's classes are fun. I started as a novice. I don't feel like one at the moment. Lol
Dr. Chuck is a charismatic and dynamic teacher. His lectures were great fun and simply taught. Everything was lucidly explained and thats what made this course so amazing for me.
One of the best courses I have taken by far. Everything from the videos to assignments is amazing and informative. It has helped me tremendously. I encourage everyone to take it.
A big Thanks To Dr.Chuck to become best instructor and learning is so fun and easy i love this course and am going to complete all five courses and i want to become python expert
Hello, if you are searching some courses to learn about strings, dictionaries, lists, tuples I advise you to take this course! You will have a strong base after done this course.
Excellent course, goes into the depth of Python without making it too difficult for the learners. One would feel confident about programming in Python after finishing the course.
It's great place to begin your programming life with python. I really fell in love with this course and one thing I need from this course is addition of more Homework assignments
This course was my first experience on Coursera that went very well. I learned programming languages (C, Java & MATLAB) but this one was easier as instructor explained very well.
A rewarding experience because I have been able to learn very valuable information. It is an excellent course. It has helped me in the personal and professional field. Thank you.
Although this course is only the second one I have taken in Coursera, but I have to say it is the best programming class I have ever taken in my life. Thank a lot to Dr. Charles.
This is an excellent course. It covers all the main Python data structures, their functions and their use. The teacher presents the material very exciting. You will not be bored!
Easy and understandable explanations from the professor. Programming task difficult enough to make you ponder how to solve the problems. Steady climbing and challenging yourself.
Good no non-sense course. For learning how to program without much theoretical overhead (can be attained later with a greater comfort level), this is a course on the proper path.
Dr. chuck(tutor of Python) made this course so easy i am recommending it even to School children.I learned not only coding here but also technique of teaching and much more.....
Professor "Severus Snape"  ; )   teaches great. His teaching methodology is marvelous.PS: I used to listen to Harry Potter songs while doing assignments, it energies me a lot!!!
The instructor is Amazing. The lectures are lively and interesting, and everything is very well explained. All these factors motivate you to keep learning and take more courses.
A really good course. The instructor was excellent in explaining the materials and the programming assignments were challenging , hence pushing us to extend our thinking horizon
Thank you Dr. Chuck! After this course and the Getting Started with Python course, I feel like a have a strong base for diving in to more sophisticated common Python techniques.
I knew a few things about data structures before enrolling. I have learned a lot of new things from this one. I recommend this course who are looking for python beginner course.
This course was too much helpful for me to understand the data structure and write code quicker than before and it also help me to understand the logic behind that type of data.
Dr chuck is one of the best python teacher ever. Learned a lot regarding python in depth.Gain skills required to apply for my master. Thank for making python easy to understand.
This beginner course is designed in a way that everything is interlinked and based on previous concepts. The course pattern is perfect and each and everything is understandable.
Thank you, Charles , for this course! I have pass two first courses of py4e. And what i want to say is i really liked them both. I will continue to learn the next three courses.
Excellent course, easy to understand content alongside Dr. Chuck's interesting and funny explanations  makes it perfect for beginners to Python as well beginners to programming.
This course covers all the basics of python data structures explained in a simple but effective way by Dr.Chuck.This is a must recommended course if you are a beginner in python
An amazing way to be introduced to the programming world through Python.The lessons are on point and you definitely can learn the foundations of programming well in this course.
Dives into the more powerful Python tools, e.g. dictionaries, and provides a fun and applicable approach to learn the concepts.Great building block on Programming for Everybody.
Explains the data structures in Python in great detail. Highly recommended if you are just getting started with Python. Especially loved the graduation ceremony towards the end!
It is useful course, i have learn many things about Python. here is my advice, i think the exercise are easy to solve, so i hope you can increase the complexity of the exercise.
Very thorough instructor, does a great job of explaining Python data structures in a way that can be useful to intermediate programmers and beginners alike.  Highly recommended.
The lecture videos are highly easy to understand and they are very helpful....... the assignments are challenging yet logically easy if you paid attention to the lecture videos
This course was just awesome and very informative. Instructor was friendly and very informative enough.I would recommend that you should learn this course and upgrade yourself.
Really enjoyed it. Clear, well taught, fun, and just challenging enough without being overwhelming. I highly recommend this class. Looking forward to continuing in this series.
Loved the challenging assignments. I will complete this specialization till the end and I hope I will be able to solve more practical life problems once I completed the course.
Excellent course! A very well introduction with various things in python. It is my first time I am taking programing seriously and it has help me a lot to built the confidence.
Each concept was explained beautifully by Prof. Severance.I immediately took some basic programming challenges on Hackerrank and was able to solve them with minimal difficulty.
Excellent course. Awesome explanations as usual. Wish there were more practice problems/homework, but with the amount of free resources available online, this is not a problem.
That's a great course, I learned about algorith and data structure. I knew about Java but Python is a really amazing language and Dr. Chuck is a great profesor. Thanks for all.
The course was altogether great! The most important part is that it builds interest in Python. Looking forward towards more courses with Dr. Chuck, and of course with Coursera.
This course is extension to Python for everybody and is as good as the first course. The chapters in both courses are well aligned and flow very well from the beginning to end.
Very good. The Instructor and slides were very detailed but very easy to understand as well. Would recommend for you to do the first course In the specialization first though.
This course was awesome, about the Data Structures in Python, I think that is very important for beginning as programmer in python. I am very happy to finished it.  Thank you.
This is really a great course for beginners, The course is interesting and teaches python in the best possible way out there not too fast not too slow , Just at the right pace
Very useful course!! I highly recommend this course to everyone. Had a great learning!!I would like to thank Professor Chuck and his staff :)Thank you, Have a happy learning!!
Amazing instruction by Dr. Chuck!  I have thoroughly enjoyed learning the foundations of the Python progamming language in the first 2 courses of this 5 course specialization.
Crisply structured content that make you understand the basics of python data structures.Moreover the r exercises are pretty efficient  for those who are a beginner at python.
The Graduation Ceremony was the best thing ever happened to me in an online course. Dr Chuck is an awesome person. I love to take his classes. It's a ighly recommended course.
The course is excellent for its steady progression, its explanation of how topics fit into the big picture of Python (and programming in general), and its attention to detail.
A more detailed learning course and I must say each chapter was thoroughly covered and nicely explained which made the quizzes and assignments very easy to solve and practice.
Coursera awesome platform to learn .Great  faculty Mr.chunk ,i m thankful to Coursera to gave me such a valuable knowledge about python data structure.Thank you sir Mr. chunk.
Excellent and to the point and so much elaborated that anyone completely new to programming can understand this. The best programming course for beginners as per my knowledge!
This is a very beginner friendly course while still making you ask the right questions. Highly recommended for any non CS students as a stepping stone for more complex courses
Getting into data-structures. Requires significantly more mental effort than the first Python course of the series, but has assignments that nicely build on top of each other.
Liked the course a lot. The textbook and lectures are very helpful. I recommend doing ALL of the exercises in the book, not just the assigned ones, in order to learn the most.
Even if you are an experienced python developer, this course is a good review of the basic data structures. The assignments are great exercises. Dr. Chuck is a good instructor
The instructor explained the topics of the course in a way that is easily understandable by beginners and amateurs in the Python language. Looking forward to the next course.
I'm really enjoying myself in this specialization. The tasks are paced to become as difficult as your skill level is developed and it is very rewarding to see your code work.
As said before about the conduction of such courses UM is by far the best with the tutor's explaination about stuffs related to data structures just made it reach it's zenith
It was a great course to introduce the different kind of data structures in Python. The assignaments were really helpful to practice the skills that we learned in the lessons
Great content, great instructor. This course just begins to get complex, with exercises that go beyond a single algorithm, function, or method to combine them in useful ways.
This is a fantastic course. The lecturer has successfully open the door for me to programming world. He is very good at conduct the course in a way easy to understand. Great!
Really interesting and helpful course, Dr. Chuck is teaching in some really great way. Im satisfied that i took this course, going to take more courses from him about Python.
great course.I am totally new to programming, I do not have any technical education, but I managed to understand the material and I want more.:) Great Job of Prof. Severance.
Great instructor. Great exercises. Great introduction to handling basic data with Python. Learning the basics really goes a long way to help learning more advanced procedure.
Absolutely awesome course with well explained problems and another thing which i love about this course is the python playground which is made available for code submission.
This is the good course for the students who would like to start learning python . This course teach about data structure with many examples and practice. Please try it out.
The course by Dr. Chuck was much better compared to other online educational experiences. Dr. Chuck makes it very easy for students to understand the contents of the course.
Prof. Charles is really amazing and he has that ability to attract students and make them believe how interesting a particular topic is and how can we apply it in real life.
obviously I would have to give this course a 5-star rating since it improved my understanding of python to the next level. Thanks, Coursera for bringing such a great course.
I liked this course very much . I learned perfectly the python data structures with help of the Dr.chuck in coursera platform.Actually I liked the Dr. chuck way of teaching.
That was an excellent course, exactly as the previous one. You are taught the basics of Python in a fun and interesting way, and that really makes you want to keep learning.
Of course  worth to attend this fantastic course!you can learn many basic but essential orders and codes in a quite comprehensive way from Dr. churk and it is really funny!!
while the material  a bit challenging to consume i really enjoyed breaking through all the challenges that i faced, i am thankful to coursera for the opportunity given to me
There was very interesting course. I figured out a lot of new about data structures in Python. The information is enought clear an its representation is cool. I like coding!
Perfect course for understanding the basic and essential data structures of python. The professor explains everything very clearly and the examples and exercises help a lot.
Intriguing curriculum and humorous teacher. The consents are not too hard to complete. Sometimes I may find it difficult. But the forum help me to sort it out. Learnt a lot.
Very basic if you have some programming experience. You can finish it in 2 days without a sweat.Very clear, great slides, not boring due to Professor's great sense of humor.
This course honestly gave me a boost ahead to to keep learning python more in deep. I wish Dr Chuck a very healthy and happy life ahead. Thanks for bringing us this course.
i never knew that so easily i learn the python basics and understand to do coding in this short periodand Thanks to the supporting guide who helped at every possible moment
Dr.Chuck,You are a great person and a great teacher. It was a wonderful journey of two courses with you.Thank You for teaching me python in this simple and interesting way.
Great course on data structures, to follow along with the book. I wish there were more exercises on the platform itself, but it's easy enough to find more exercises online.
All is great. Comparing to other course I'm taking in parallel Dr. Chuck is top of the top. May be some built -in into the video questions will make it even more perfect :)
I enjoyed taking this course and would recommend to anyone who wants to learn python without any programming background! Dr. Chuck is funny and I love the way he teaches :D
Course Structure is good ,How internally in memory things are happening explained very well but looks like some other data structures are not covered in class like set etc.
Great course! I also highly recommend the first course. Prof Chuck is an excellent instructor. Forums and Coursera Support are there to support you if you encounter issues.
This is one of the best courses I've ever had. Not only I earned new knowledge in Python, but some of funny videos, interview of professions and graduation ceremony! Thanks
The video lectures are really good, and the textbook that accompanies the course is very reasonably prices.  I also like that there are exercises to reinforce the material.
The whole course was nicely designed. Course material was taught in a simple and entertaining way. It did not get boring and was taught in a succinct manner. I loved it :-)
Great introductory course to python data structures. The assignments were very nicely designed to make you use the material learnt in the class. Overall a great experience.
Loved it. Its an Awesome Course. Covering all major Concepts & topics and also Consists a great level of assignments which gives the assurance of our own thinking skill.
Great course, I'm a newbie with no previous programming experience and I completed it. Thank you Charles for your excellent explanations in simple easy to follow language.
This professor is literally the best Coursera professor I have had. He explains a potentially intimidating topic in a very approachable way. Keeps it light and digestible.
Great sequel to Python For Everybody, Just the right pacing and excellent explanation for all the objects(strings, lists,dictionaries and tuple) as well as file processing
You should  take this course to upgrade your Python programming skills after you have completed Python for everybody.And one thing Professor Charles is the best professor.
Awesome learnign experience for me and completing the data structure course in python and a good learning experience for myself learnt a lot of techniques with this course
Extremely helpful! Thank you such an amazing course. Although there were some concepts like set and frozen set which could have been covered, the course was very detailed.
Exceptional. I like the content and the pace of the course . it guided me to use data structure in day to day life and helped  me to gain confidence in python. Thank you .
great content, very informative and made me more confident about using python in real_life situations. I am very excited about the upcoming courses in this specialization.
This is a fantastic course presented in a very logical fashion. It was challenging, however the mentors were quick to answer questions and get you through the assignments.
I love the course, I think that in the long run and with a little more depth on the subject I can take advantage of what I learned to be able to develop projects in Python
The professor breaks down this subject matter, and clearly explains what you need to know. I enjoyed his lectures, as they were not dry and he brought life to the subject.
it was fun but sometimes frustrating with the assignments. in the end i love the challenge of trying to figure out what code i'm missing and asking others on their opinion
I really enjoyed the second part of the specialisation and found it really useful- the assignments are really good too, they force you to think and come up with solutions.
This course has been an amazing experience, I've learnt a lot, and Dr. Chuck is an incredible professor, I would recommend this course to whoever want to start programming
The course was really good and I am fascinated by the way they teach us.I am really interested in taking up other courses of my interest offered by University of Michigan.
Dr. Severance is an excellent educator. He starts with very basic concepts and progresses into more advanced topics. He makes sure that everything is explained thoroughly.
Great course,This course was a refresher for me and helped me remember cool little tricks.I highly recommend this course as well as taking it right after the first course.
I truly enjoyed this course.  The lectures were well designed and auto-grader worked well.  The interview materials were great.  Right work load for working professionals.
Many thanks to Dr. Charles Severence for this wonderful course. You are an awesome person sir. No words can express how you CHANGED MY LIFE and how grateful I am to you .
Liked it very much. It is very useful for my own project. I started to understand computer logic. To think about daily routine as a task which I can handle with the code.
This course made data structures much clearer to me. I have taken a Python intensive in the past but I never really felt that I had a solid grasp of this topic. Now I do.
Lists, Dictionaries and Tuples made easy to understand. Quizzes and Assignments were helpful!Its  a good course to build  the fundamental skills required for programming.
The proffesor was extremely successful in explaining tricky concepts in an 'easy to understand' way. I admired the professor's enthusiasm and the level on the assignments
Great, easy to understand! Good examples to show how to use the different data structures in Python and very good assignments that help me learn the concepts even better.
Dr. Chuck explained this course in a very good manner that even beginner like me can easily understand it. I would like to thanks Dr. Chuck for this informative sessions.
This course helped me so much not just in python, but in overall understanding of different data structures and a lot of minor details, which I would always have skipped.
This is the second course of the Python specialization and brings everything you needed to know about basic Python programming, the teacher is fun and knows the material.
Great building block from the Programming for Everybody Course! Challenging at times for someone with no programming experience but definitely worthwhile. Thanks Dr Chuck
The professor is particularly good at explaining. He builds from previous lessons and it's easy to get an understanding of the topic. The pace and content are just right.
I've been in some python courses in my college and from other universities in my country, but this one is the best for understandig how to use python and it's structures
For every individual who is going through the course can understand two things about it. Firstly it is very comprehensible and secondly, it is quite well articulated. :)
Great introduction course for learning python in a short time. I am thankful for Mr.Severance contribution towards teaching this course. Wish everyone enjoy this course.
It's very enjoyable to learn this course if you have the background of programming, I learned JAVA and VBA before so it's quite similar to those object-oriented software
Great and detailed  description of each chapter. I'm glad that everything thought from a very beginner perspective. It helped me to understand and progress much quicker!
Good introductory course, builds effectively on the first one. Really targeted to people with little to no Python experience, but would be very valuable to those people.
I know more about python data structure after taking this course.I absolutely enjoy manipulating the data files. Can't wait to start the third course to access web data!
Good explanations of data collection types that are used in python. Exercises could probably be a bit more challenging, but it will do for absolute beginners. Thank you.
The course is very explanatory, gives the complete details of python and build confidence to start with programming after completion of course.Great work by Prof.Chuck.
Dr. Charles Severance is a great teacher. I really enjoyed learning Python data structures. Thank you sir and also thanks to other team members of python for everybody.
Excellent end to the Best Beginner level course on Python. Really showed the true art of programming through the amazing teaching skills of professor Charles Severance.
This is a very good course to complete the basic python data structures. It is also beginner friendly. I recommend it to U if U are new to programming..................
Excellent experience in my life. I will learn and take new courses more and more from now on . Its very interesting course .  I am very happy to learn from this course.
It was a wonderful course that helped me grasp the basics of python and makes me feel confident and interested that I can go on to the next course in the specialization
Amazing Course. Strongly Recommended to those who are beginners in Python language. This course is really important for beginners in order to get better at programming.
I am a mechanical engineer but i end up taking this courses from my passion . this courses has satisfied my expectation to be a coder and i am very much of privileged .
I highly recommend taking this course after the Phyton for everybody one. This gives you a basic knowledgeable of data structures and how to analyze and work with data.
Recommended course for people who want to know python in depth or wish to pursue a career in analytics. Even with basic programming knowledge one can take this course .
I really love this "Python Data Structures" course because it's not only taught knowledges about Python to me, but also sense of computing thinking style! Thanks a lot!
Excelent course. Before, I saw programming like something difficult, but with the help from Prof. Chuck and Coursera's team, now I have an interest in this great field.
I have loved this adventure in Python! I thank everyone for sharing so much love. I definitely will recommend this to my friends and relatives :) KNOWLEDGE IS POWER! :)
Great Course. I loved it. The instructor,  the material,  the pacing of the course , I love it all. if you are interested in python, this course is highly recommended!
This second course was very informative. as I move forward to Specialization the Courses are becoming more interesting. and Instructor is very very good at explaining.
If anyone want to start programming with python then enroll it without any doubt. Instructor has good technique to deliver there words to learners. Happy Programming !
The content of this course is very crisp and just, anybody who even does not have any knowledge of python can do this course and will get the best out of it. loved it.
Good Learning Material for beginners. To be Honest I completed tthis course in 3 4 hours more or less but everyhting counts and this course has its worth for beginners
It is an excellent course. I really enjoyed and learned a lot from it. Thanks Prof.Charles for his wonderful instruction, assignments and encouragements. All the best!
Awesome Course and awesome tutor. I loved how detailed the professor was explaining about every concept. The course covers very basic details of programming in python.
With this second course of five, I am starting to get confident about my introduction to Python. Charles is an excellent tutor. I'm enjoying every part of this series.
This is the second course I learn from Coursera. It's really helpful and interesting. I recommend  it to all people who want to start their journey of data and Python.
Really enjoy Dr. Chuck's sense of humor and enthusiasm for Python.  Getting a lot out of these courses, and looking forward to using these skills in corporate America.
Its easy to learn with the videos and making all the code practices.its a very good course. I didn't know python at all and at the end I can make good python programs.
Excellent way to teach people what they can do with Python.Please keep the momentum going.Thank you so much to all those who have put so much effort into this program.
Dr. Chuck is great. I learn a lot of useful technique that i didn't know before. The lesson is easy the task is not hard and the assignments are pretty light actually
This course is one of the most important courses I have taken. It really helped me a lot in my studies, and in acquiring new skills to enter the job market.
thank you
Excellent easy to follow . Deals with the basics of python but allows the user to slowly and easily immerse themselves into the amazing possibilities of this language
It's really nice to learn the python data structure with Dr.Chuck .I learn so many thing in these course.Really it is good to learn python data structure on Coursera.
This is a great course for anyone getting started with Python. I'd definitely recommend that you supplement this coursework with your own reading and experimentation.
A great course that gives you basic knowledge about data structures, possible ways of their implementation and allows you to implement them in order to do some tasks.
Really interesting course that explains a general overview of Python Data Structure. I really suggest people taking this course as their first course to learn Python.
The coruse was excellent. However had a thought that as the concepts get complex as we go deeper into the course, more assignments can be given. To gain more handson.
As an introduction course, it's really great and easy to understand the concept of coding. But still need to do lots of homework and study to let myself improve more.
I feel pretty confident about data structures now thanks to the exercises and lectures.  Clear information and example code.  The explanations are easy to understand!
Great course!!!!! I really enjoyed doing the weekly assignments, things are getting interesting and I can not wait to start on the next course, Thanks a lot Dr Chuck!
It was hard to some extent (didn't have coding practice for a long time) but absolutely clear video lecture explanations. Plus the book is awesome. Thank you so much.
Perfect course for Beginners. It's well-grounded to build a strong base for the naive. One can smoothly move to the intermediate level and start coding on their own.
Great teacher. Spoon feeds the material so even a novice can understand. Highly recommend the course. I got more out of it than any other python course I have taken.
It was an amazing experience with the professor. I  encourage my friends to join this course. it is the best beginner-level python data structure course. Thank you .
Great course. The material was presented in easily understood manner, assignments were given to exercise what we had studied, everything in the course is quite nice.
It is a best course whoever wants to learn data structures in python. I never saw such a great teacher, thanks professor chuck for giving us your knowledge and time.
I really like the teaching style and the connectedness of the instructor to wider learning communities! What a great design and very targeted and practical exercise!
The second part of the Python specialization is a great continuation and helps us in building our knowledge further. Great lectures and the assignments are also fun.
Great course! I've had Python experience prior to joining the course and it was great to get clarifications on more specific things in a light-hearted, engaging way.
This is an amazing Course especially for beginners it gives the basic understanding of Data Structure.Our instructor is really Awesome, I enjoyed learning very much
Very Well Taught, SirGreat Interactive and Informative vids in between the lessons about the overall image of a whole computer working thing, coding and electronics
great course, should be more practice assignments, there is too much information and with just one exercise if not enough if you dont have a programming background
i loved the instructor he is very professional and the materials is very good as well as the assignments i have learned a lot from my mistakes, so I'm very thankful
my experience was great , since i was not new in python i have already covered almost all topics i came here to revise all my concepts and getting a new certificate
I am completely satisfied by this course. It is given by a very good teacher and it has a very good syllabus.  Thank you Michigan University and thank you Coursera.
I think if someone really wants to learn Python and they keep persistently working on this course I think they can have a really good basic understanding of python.
This courses has added something for technical than the first course, programming for everybody. I have learnt a lot and hope to learn more in the next few courses.
A truly awesome introductory course that is designed very methodically to help you acquire usable, actual programming skills that will help you crack real problems.
Really give practical basic skill for those who just started learning python. All the knowledge that you need in one fun and not so long package of an online course
this is a great course,I am so glad to have this opportunity.I would like to thank Coursera, University of Michigan and all the kind people who work on this course.
this is an awesome course, everything is taught very clearly.The professor covers the material pretty fast, so  go back to the previous videos when you get confused
Great course. Explaining all basic data structures with short videos and programming assignments. Each chapter ha small quizzes to review and enhance understanding.
Its really interactive and the lessons are awesome, you have the feeling of sitting right infront of the lecturer and experience the class learning the same thing .
Thank you for this course. The best part is about tuples. I never realized when and how should I use this data structure. And now all is clear for me. It was great!
The course was great. The professor gave the lecture in a way that everyone can learning to program Python without any background about programming language skills.
Excellent, in depth course. Can be a tad slow if you have taken even a basic level course in any sort of programing earlier. Absolutely great for beginners, though.
One of the best Python courses that you will find on the internet today.Instructor is so knowledgeable  and funny that you will love him and remember him for life.
this python Data Structure course is really well taught by dr.chuck.  the way of teaching of dr.chuck is amazing. all the assignments help me to build a new skill.
Very nice course to start learning about python data Structures. This course is for people totally new to data structures in python. The instructor is a great man.
Great and cool instructor , I have ever meet in my life. Me as a student gain too much valuable knowlegde from you . Thankyou so much for being such a good teacher
Awesome learning experience. I came away with in-depth understanding of what kinds of data structures are available in Python and how to use them in different ways
I really like this course, Including Python DS I also learned good skills in the way of understanding the concept and problem statement. It really helped me a lot.
Great introductory course. I'm learning a lot through this courses, material is very good and has given me the bases for continuing.  Will definitely recommend it.
Excellent introduction into data structures. Some assignments were a bit tricky, but I like the fact that they are challenging. Looking forward to the next course.
This course makes sure that you not only learn it for now, but you would remember it forever. Thank you Dr.Chuck. Never felt data structures could be this easy. :)
Thank you for a wonderful course! That was an awesome experience.Thank you Dr.Chuck.Also I felt that there should be even more programming assignments to practice.
The best courese on programing! I learned a lot! thanks to Dr. Severance for having the wonderfull class on Coursera and to Coursera people for making it possible.
Great class! I highly recommend this class for anyone wanting to learn how to use Python in a practical way. I feel like I can go out and use Python on my own now.
I really love this course. This is the first Coursera course that I completed. I especially like the professor who teach this course in an informative and fun way!
Really good follow on from the first part of the course. Started to create slightly useful programs. Can't wait to continue on and finish the entire 5 part series.
while n>0:                                                         print("thankyou dr chuck <3\you helped me to learn something during this covid pandemic ';)' ")
It was the best course so far. The instructor is really good at explaining everything. I just want to thank you Dr. Chuck for making this course more interesting.
Great experience, I have learn all basics needs to know for beginners. All assignments, exams, lectures are very well designed. Thanks for such wonderful content!
Great walk-through of data structures. I took it upon myself to really study the documentation on the data structure methods which really help cut down confusion.
Great class. An interesting introduction about Python's basic data structures like lists, dictionaries, and tuples. I will continue to finish this specialization.
Best course ever for python beginners. I didn't have any experience before, but now I feel I know the basics and ready to go for some bigger projects/assignments.
Thanks to Dr. Chuck to have this chance study python, I think this lecture is very useful for a beginner of Python, and hope for other classmate, please enjoy it!
learned a lot. dont forget to read the  book its great.the class is a good pace and dr chuck is a great teacher.wish mentors answered more questions on the forums
Amazing course!I'm really comfortable with Python now.But before taking this class, I highly recommend taking : - https://www.classcentral.com/course/python-4319
excellent presentation about topics covered , material for reviewing , practice session, Assignment tests , discussion forums with good personalities and museums
Excellent course, with an learning metodologic very interesting. The exersices and the documentation of the course will be very usefull in my carrer profesional.
One of the best course to learn about Data structures in Python Professor Chuck will tell you about every point with examples and in simplest way. Good Luck sir.
the best course. I had no background in programming before. However, the structure of the course and the style of teaching of the instructor is on the high level
What a great challenging class. I appreciate a good puzzle, and at 73, they are more fun now than ever. Python is not for the weak of heart. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
The course is great as it has a continuous online assessment process and practicing platform. Loved the way or procedure to get anyone acknowledged about python.
Dr Chuck did an excellent job again! This is the first specialisation I signed up and completed 2 courses already. Seems highly likely I'll complete all courses.
I had a great time in this course and the way Professor taught us was very interactive and fun and the whole idea  of ABCD "Any Body Can Code" was truly awesome.
Nice Course.Learnt about the real implementation of Python data structures in files.Loved the assignments and Dr. Chuck's explanation is amazing.Thanks Coursera.
A wonderful introduction to lists, dictionaries, and tuples in the python language. The online videos are clear and very helpful and the resources are excellent.
This is an awesome course that I have ever taken. Thank you Dr. Chunk. I already started to think as a programmer and to solve some problems besides the course.
Despite that i had already been through several Python Courses but the way Dr.Chuck teach you is amazing.I am very thankful to Dr.Chuck for this amazing Course.
Professor Chuck does a great job of explaining the programming concepts and the needed syntax in Python.  The exercises are great to help confirm understanding.
happy learning, master a lot of new knowledge. Still need a lot of practice. hope can provide some recommended practice website or exercise related to the topic
Hi Dr Chuck, thank you for keeping it interesting. The final assignment almost made me stumble. But going back to the course material finally pulled me through.
I took Fortran IV in 1969, then got into BASIC in 1977, though never got much past the old DOS-based BASIC languages. I'm really enjoying learning about Python.
it is really a good course which is quite applicatable for fresh people to learn a bit deeper during the whole python journey.Thanks for Dr. Chuck and the team!
The instructor covers through the basics necessary and explained in a clear manner. The exercises are really useful to help me understand data structure better.
Excellent presentation of the basic data structures in Python. It includes some hints that might prove extremely useful even for experienced Python programmers.
Excellent training, the teacher surprise me every time with something out of the box,  the interviews he had are amazing! Nice spirit, congrats and many thanks!
The Professor who teaches these courses is amazing.  I really wish he was my professor when I was taking C++.  I would have probably been a software programmer.
A very useful course for learning how to think and code. Through Professor Severance, the Python language gets nearer the learner. No doubts in recommending it.
I have taken different online courses on python programming but none competes with the tutorials in this course. Its the best so far.  Thanks  Charles Severance
An excellent follow on from the Intro to Python. After this I'm very comfortable with the language and looking forward to taking the next courses in the series.
Paced right for a person working a full time job and Dr. Chuck explains the material in an easy to understand fashion.   Well worth the time to take this class.
I love this course because of it my foundation of python programming gets strong and I learned some things in an easy way which are barriers for me in my past.
It was an appropriate intoduction into Python Data Structures. I recommend this course to anybody who wants to broaden their horizons in programming in Python.
this course is very useful for me. The of this course is good and and lastly I want to say thank you coursera and its team for presenting this wonderful course
Excellent course for python and very useful for beginners.Way of teaching was excellent and easily explain each topics and makes the course more understandable
I am fairly new to Python and this course was appropriately paced for me. Using the reading materials provided greatly aided me in grasping the topics quicker.
A very nice course, the professor is amazing and very interesting, the way the course is explained is very comprehensive, just the right way to start in python
This course is a little bit more challenging than the first course in this Specialization, but it's very friendly to people with little programming experience.
the only thing i want to say this course is very very good for the students who just starts programming ...and the instructure is my fav. .he is a fab teacher.
Great Instructors and mentors who are highly responsive, and knowledgable. Even for a person who know nothing about coding the lessons will be understood well.
I finished it, is a little bit harder than the first course, with lots of net challenges. but it is worth in the end  when you are able to complete the course.
I was hoping the course was a little bit longer and also taught the abstract data structures like linked lists, BTS. But for what it taught, it was done great.
Dr. Chuck is so awesome and the online graduation Ceremony was something i didn't expected.Very nice explanations and I am honored to be a part of this course!
It was fun. The course requires bit of more practice than the previous course but I enjoyed it and looking for the next course. Thanks Dr. ChuckYou're amazing.
This and Python for everybody will give you a very basic understanding of the python language and give basic problems to learn how to sift through information.
It is a good specialization course,from the 1 to the 2 ,it is increasingly becoming more difficult,but I know I have made a lot of progress!Thank you Michigan!
Dr. S is a great professor. He made learning data structures fun and informative. I came out of this course understanding more about computers and programming.
Great beginner's course for python. I have definitely feel more comfortable using Python with understanding of some of the basic concepts. Thank you very much!
Great course with great amount of knowledge ... thanks to all who made this happen ..special thanks to professor Charles he really has a great way of teaching.
Amazing course just like the previous one. Dr. Chuck is the best teacher I've had and after completing this course I am sure I'll take more classes like these
Great course. I really learn a lot about asic Python Data Structures. I enjoy a lot in learning new things! The content is excellent as well as the Professor!
Very Good didactic on both Course 1 and 2 for the sequence. The instructor is engaging and pleasant to follow along. Enjoyed the first two courses. Thank you!
This Course is just amazing for anyone who is interested to learn python.the course instructor Dr.Chuk is just amazing. the quizzes and assignments are awsome
Excellent course! I like the level of activities and the worked exercises, they have the right amount of challenge and not too hard so you can stay motivated.
This is an amazing course. If you want to learn Python then you should take this course without any doubt. You will learn so many things in a very short time.
I just finished both of the courses offered by Dr. Charles Severance and I loved it. Learnt a lot and now confident to take my skills in Python to next level.
Chuck has done as absolutely brilliant job! The progression is wonderful, the course is extremely intuitively taught and a great experience all in all! Cheers
If you want to learn python, I would suggest to take all the courses. Each and every course is awesome in it's own way! Well done Dr. Chuck- You are the best!
Fantastic scaled course, very understandable by Dr Chuck.  A step-by-step invasion in the world of programming. I am looking forward to go to the next course.
Excellent coverage of important Python objects explained in the most simple way. Assignments were not terribly hard but still allowed for growth and learning.
For a programming starter,it is a good course which easily to understand and including quantities of useful technology.The courser is the base of next chapter
It was very useful to go through the Python data structures in depth.  The lectures were very friendly and informative and to the point.  Thank you very much.
Thank you Dr. Charles and Coursera for making it so easy to learn. The lectures are easy to follow and assignments and quiz are carefully designed. Thank you
Still learning by doing. Still looking up some stuffs in my notebook, but grasping the concept-which is more important is easy, seeing the delivery is great.
Excellent. Completion of each week made me more and more curious to complete next week's course. Hands-on exercises addressed all the key features of Python.
Very informative and perfect for the programmer who is just starting out (like myself).Thank you Prof. Severance for making knowledge available  to everyone!
i learnt a lot from this course like ds, also how to work with files using python which i enjoyed the most. Thank you sir for such a simple and nice course.
This course is as amazing as Dr. chuck himself. I have a problem staying committed to courses. But here I am at the end of this one, as it was fun doing it.
the course is amazing.the slides you provide makes it even easy to go through for revision .the assignments are good to use the basics taught in the videos.
Really good course to start with data structures! I had previous Python experience but I learned some basic knowledge about theory in these data structures.
This course was fantastic. I enjoyed the learning experience especially the videos that were well briefed.looking forward to more courses like these. yayyy!
Charles is by far the best python tutor I have ever encountered on any MOOC that I enrolled in, to date. Thanks for all the insights shared via this course.
Was an amazing experience learning with Prof. Charles Severance. He just simplifies each and every concept and make learning a happy learning kind of stuff.
I have learned a lot of things in Python data structures. Videos, quiz in the course are very helpful and especially assignments improved my overall skills.
The course was amazing.I got to learn many things in a terrific manner.The assignments were really good and I had to have a serious brain storm to solve it.
Great course! I loved it from all the way from the beginning. The teacher explains it perfectly and goes step by step and makes every subjet understandable.
I just loved how Dr. Chuck made it easier and fun to learn Python. He should definitely teach more courses and specializations. He is my favorite professor.
Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher. Great course for the beginners. Tricky assignments though but learned a lot. Thanks Coursera & Mr. Chuck for this course.
Dr Chuck is very good, and I have received help from the mentors, thank you so much for this opportunity to learn some more about Python and data structures
This is the second class of Chuck's that I have taken and I love it! He really breaks down the material into much easier pieces. Would definitely recommend!
The course is absolutely one of the most useful online courses which I have already taken. Dr. Chuck's teaching style make me feel in love with programming.
Excellent course. Though I already had a decent handle of Python, I learnt a lot in this course about Python data structures lists, dictionaries and tuples.
A really great course for learning some foundation concepts in Python. Lots of examples to try your hand at. You can work through this course quite quickly.
It was great experience , easy to understand and easy to learn , I am feeling glad to be a student of prof. Dr. Chuck, thank you sir and thank you COURSERA.
Dr. Chuck seems like a patient instructor. I struggle A LOT but the ability to go BACK and see/hear how he explained particular parts of lectures helps out.
Loved it. There is a lot of content but the instructor does a good job pacing it and placing special emphasis on the areas which are critical to understand.
The course in not amiable, extremely useful. The logic is so clear and therefore easy to follow. I love the course, and the professor is fun and  hilarious.
Amazing course! I really love the way Dr Chuck teach programming! I will continue taking courses with him! ... BTW was so hilarious the graduation ceremony.
The best course ever. I never got to code anything before, but dr. Chuck is just brilliant in explaining complicated things in easiest way possible! Cheers!
Like the first course in this serious - Dr.  Charles Severance - you are really one of the best lecturers I have ever had.This course is highly recommanded.
I love the course. It was challenging for me to keep up learning Python due to the fact that I did not know about code although I really enjoyed the course.
A great course. I understood each and everything. Assignments are designed in such a way that you practice that was taught in the class which you just saw.
i really loved this course,it was amazing and things were made very easy to understand, the video lectures were very nice and lastly Dr. chuck was amazing.
I loved this course and I was really encouraged to keep up with the class because of the quality of the lectures and instructor's way of explaining things.
Very good introductory course to data structures from Dr. Charles. Love his teaching style. More exercise can be found in his PDF book. Thanks Dr. Charles!
Great even though i am intermediate level python programmer it helped me to better understand the core operations on tuples and dictionary more effectively
Excellent course; I do not consider myself inclined in computer science in the slightest, yet I feel I am learning and improving my computer skills vastly.
Absolutely Amazing. I love the way sir Charlesexplains everything with very simple terms and relative examples. Highly Recommended for Beginners. Thank you
It is very nice course design by Dr Charles Russell Severance, University of Michigan. Instructor Dr Charles is excellent, I love sir your teaching style!!
Professor Charles is very engaging and keeps the lectures interesting. The additional non course videos  are also very interesting and as much informative.
more challenging than the first one - wish they supplied the sample texts so i could solve the programming problems faster by trying a few different things
Excellent course, made me commit myself to complete it as it was very systematic and the concepts were dealt in a very interesting way.Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Don't forgo watching the "worked exercise" videos. Not only do you see more elegant solutions, but Dr. Severance demonstrates best ways to de-bug programs.
The course is both easy to understand and interesting. I really appreciate Dr. Charles Severance and the teaching staff in the course. Thank u so muchhhhh!
Extremely important and interesting course, clears all basic topics and provides really good practice questions and exercises on data structures in python.
It's very easy to learn python with the kind of material provided. It was interesting to learn with Professor Chuck and his good examples really helped me.
Very good overview of data structures and how to work with them, as well as how to access data in files and deal with it using the data structures covered.
this course is really important for those who want to start their career in data science domain. I enjoyed this course because it is easily understandable.
This course is excellent for beginners and those who wanted to learn python, can get a better understanding towards it, if they get a kick-start from here.
my second course of 5 , was a little more challenging , but the material and the lectures was very clear to me , ready to move further with the next course
2nd course on Python and programming in general and it's great. Dr Chuck teaches wonderfully with ample hands on examples and assignments. Plus, he is fun!
Thank you so much for providing an intermediate level of python hacks in one course. It really facilitates and makes coding much more efficient and faster.
Best of the best.  Great instructor and materials.  I finished all 4 classes of the series, which tells you how much I enjoy learning from this instructor.
Helpful assignments that got my more familiar with the language. A more exciting class than the intro class for people who already know other cs languages.
Excellent class with the help of a great textbook. I learned a lot through the second class in the series and the beauty of programming just blows my mind!
Highly recommend!Dr.Chuck is so fun!!!!!Moreover, his teaching style is awesome. The exercise is awesome. It's completely worth the money and time I spent!
Dr. Chuck is very good at teaching this class! His dedication to this course makes students know more about the essence of Python! Go Dr. Chuck! Go Python!
University of MICHIGAN is a best platform to learn python and I am happy that now I can understand the python language and I can manage to write a Program
Very nice, informative course from 0-level. I am not from programming background but this course gave me the confidence to look up into software as career
Loved this course. If you are looking forward to learning python from scratch ,i would highly recommend this course.Just go for it without thinking twice.
Its a completely reat course, I've learned a lot through this course, the best thing after finishing it is that you have clarification of what to do next.
Super dooper, This man Dr.Chunk teaching style I love. The best thing about his teaching is that he will never let you get bored by this programming thing
The course was truly awesome. All credit goes to Prof. Charles for being such a nice and humble person throughout the course. The lectures were marvelous.
I am really very happy, that I was one of the luckiest programmes who will never meet someone like Dr.Chuck Looking forward to the next courses.Thank you,
Very useful. I like how this course covers python data structure. And assignments helped me to understand detailes of using this data structures together.
Another excellent course by Dr.Chuck. Very well-organised  and very well taught. The assignments were fun to work and the bonus content was awesome too!!!
The most attractive part for me is the "assignment", in which I could solve the problem by myself, using the knowledge from the course. I really enjoy it!
Another very interesting course,challenging but fun. I also love the interviews with prominent people from the IT world.Looking forward to the next stage.
I am Learning Python Data Structure and instructed explains very well with live examples Thank you Coursera such a wonderful course offer to the society.
Dr Chuck does it again ! He simplifies everything so well and it's easy to comprehend totally. I totally enjoyed it and learnt a lot.. thanks to Dr Chuck
Dr Chuck never gave a chance to feel bored. Amazing how he psychologically controlled every classes and exams and made me enjoying the course. Thank you.
i have enrolled myself in specialization and now things are rally getting a different level,thank you coursera for such a great way of teaching. Hats off
Dr Chuck is an amazing professor and it has been an amazing journey with him so far. Looking Forward to complete the other three courses as well with him
I just Love this course the way of teaching and interaction of Dr.Chuck.Thank you, Sir, Thank you University of Michigan and the best Thank you Coursera.
Really easy to understand may seem hard but he explains things very nicely if you ever get stuck just go back and rewatch a video and you should be fine.
it is a perfect lesson which teach me to handle basic python knowledge and raise the interest of coding. I believe I will learn more through this lesson.
Very clear course, very fun. I've learned a ton, stick with it though, because there will be times you have to go back and revisit the lecture materials.
Great course structure and coaching skill. Those quiz and assignment really sharpen your skill and help you to learn more thing. Great to be part of this
So faranother good course to built on top on the first class, however, i wish the professor would have made a video on the notation in Python (.,:() etc)
The course will will help a beginner to reach to the next intermediate level. i am very much grateful to Coursera, University of Michigan and Dr. Chuck.
It is an excellent course, the teacher knows how to explain very well with clear examples, I am proud of having finished it and of the lessons I learned
Extremely good instructor. Don't hesitate about taking the course just go for it! Everything in the course is clear, well structured and well explained.
one of the best basic programming learning platform .Glad to be a part of this course. instructor is well qualified and teaching ability is also awesome
best experience with this course. this my 2nd course from coursera . i had learnt alot of thing from this course. thank you coursera and our instructor.
Best Teacher Best Assignments Best Python Course ever Assignments were really helpful to understand the course really polished my problem solving skills
it was a great course. dr chuck was really good while teaching python! it was a total beginners course and the interviews in bonus content was a cherry!
very helpfull course and after doing assignments on my own i fell a sense of accomplishment,great instructor good staff assistance in forums ,thank you.
This is a great course where the instructor perfectly goes through the basics to help you understand the foundational knowledge required to use Python3.
The course is practical and at an exactly appropriate pace for me. It's a great course for green hands. Chuck can help you overcome your fear of coding!
This is a great course for those looking to learn the core data structures of Python 3. Well paced, lots of examples, and clear explanations throughout.
This is the best Python program I have ever come across. I have finally figured out who to write codes on my one. Thank you for such an in-depth course.
This course was definitely very helpful and the discussion board definitely helped with providing me good directions on assignments that i was stuck on.
Good course for starting with python if you have few programming experience with any other programming language. Good video & lessons and nice examples,
I absolutely love the way the course was taught - slow and sure, covering the essentials of Python, and with a bit of humor in it to keep us interested.
I've gone from having hardly any idea about programming to a passionate python student. Many thanks to Coursera and Dr Chuck and everyone else involved.
Great class.   I need some practice at writing real world applications, but this course gives you the fundamentals necessary to write these applications
The course maintains a very detailed analysis of Python data structures. In a word, this is remarkable. Also, Dr. Chuck is just as great as the course.
this is best course about data structures in python  ...everyone should try this course one time ,I am damm sure u will get more and more benefit of it
This course is really amazing . I have learnt a lot from this course .I appreciate the work of each and every person who worked on building this course
Great and one of the important courses for python users because we spend most of our time with data structures when working in any programming language
Amazingly well explained! I'm learnign everything i didn't learn in university, that's for giving me a chance to improve my python programming so much!
Excellent course! The best instructor, Dr. Chuck really puts everything so comprehensively that it is impossible not to understand. Highly recommended!
This is a beautiful experience. I actually feel like shedding a tear on been empowered towards achieving my lifelong goal. Thanks to everyone involved.
The course was what I expected. Lot of fun and learning. Very easy to comprehend and also helps you think about how to apply what you learned. Awesome!
The professor is very humorous and patient and I learn a lot through this course by watching videos, finishing assignments and so on. Really appreciate
Thanks Dr. Charles provided such great python course. It is very helpful for beginners who want to learn python. strongly recommend this useful course.
Read the material and try , do not give up every time you are blocked, if you read more beyond this course, everything turns out easier as you thought.
Really nice course, I learned a lot and have already implemented some of my new programming skills. Thank you a lot! Definitely taking the next course!
Well developed, very clear and fast movement at the same time. Good exercises to practice. The method of teaching is encouraging and not boring at all.
Best Course on Python Data Structures. I recommend taking course 1 before taking this course. The professor teaches every topic in a very easy manner.
The course was over all good. The last assignment on week 6 is buggy, the file does not retrieve anything beyond "From:" and "email". Please fix that.
Excellent Course by an excellent teacher. Dr Chuck can really make learning fun. Thoroughly enjoyed  while learning a new data structure step by step.
This course is perfect for the ones who is new to python. It covers all the basic concepts and try to utilize all that we learn with the help of test.
Dr. Chuck is a very dedicated and friendly tutor who nails down each and every concept meticulously and assures you that you should hit the bulls eye.
This course in combination with the earlier course is a total package. You learn a great deal from these two courses. Looking forward to the next one.
Very good course materials. Get basic knowledge about Python, and I can see the differences between VBA and Python. Python is more efficient for sure.
5 stars for the Instructor.I am capable of writing small programs of my own after successfully completing the first two course in this specialization.
A very easy and comprehensive way of learning data structures in python. Powerful and direct way. Highly recommended. Dr Chuck a very skilled teacher.
The course was very much effective from the start and there is just so much to learn from here, that I don't have to look to the web for anything else
It is amazing course and Dr Chuck is amazing teacher ,i could not expect more , and you will learn every peace of code if you just put some time on it
Thank You!This is easy to follow and I appreciate the way i am able to pause the video, go back and replay some parts and then proceed at my own pace.
Amazing professors, gradual and detailed learning, very manageable lecture times and exercises. I am even more excited to proceed to the next courses.
I recommend this course with Dr. Chuck to anyone who is just not only interested in syntax of python but have deeper understanding of how to use them.
This is a really great lessons. Not only the courses but also the assignments all help me a lot to further know about the programming language python.
Very informatiove and elaborative sessions. Very easy to understand and apply the learning. Instructor has explained the whole idea very effectively.
Instructor is so friendly and I really appreciate his affection towards his students.. Thank you so much Mr.Chuck. Accept Lots of love from Pakistan.
Everything that was told in this specialization was just amazing!And I really liked the way how Chuck explained all those complex concepts with ease.
The instructor is very clear and goes step-by-step on what happens with a piece of code which is very helpful for beginners to understand their code.
Very great explanation in details! Some exercises are quite difficult but there is similar solution to take preferences.Ready to move on with Python!
This is a comprehensive Python Data Structures course. The instructor is very knowledgeable and the assistant very helpful in solving the assignment.
Excellent introductory course. Easy to understand yet it still makes you think and try various approaches to solving assignments. Highly recommended.
It is an excellent course on the basic function of Python language. The exercise is quite useful and practical. The course overall looks interesting.
Excellent Course second in row advanced my way of thinking in personal and professional level!Great work from Mr Chuck and all Professors Assistants.
I really love that kind of teacher who talks in a charming mood, no way to feel you bore, and makes you learn something new . the course was awesome.
This is very Good course. This is very good platfrom to learn . I have learned many topic from python data structure with breifly . Thank you cousera
Skipped Programming for Everyone. Found this course to be wonderful bridge between beginning knowledge and the start to a intermediate understanding.
I love the lectures planning and the way it is being delivered. Also I would to thanks the tutors who supported very well throughout the assignments.
I'll definitely recommend this to beginner level programmers and also to advanced level because some of the concepts are explained with great analogy
Great course. For someone who learnt python on the job without official training, this course explained a lot of the basics that I should have known.
The faculty is really cool and has an excellent way of explaining concepts. Content is also practical and useful. I am enjoying the course very much.
Thank you Dr.chuck for your passion and the time you take to go through each topic and explain in it a very simple and understandable way. Thank you
Great self learning module. I have always been intimidated by programming but this courses make me realize I can do it.  I will recommend to others.
Really structural. A good way to learn python and worth to go back to review as well. The course content, assignments and quiz reinforce each other.
This course really helped me in learning all the basics of data structures. Hope many of them go through the course and learn basics in an easy way.
perfect course to start after completing first module python for everybody ,it helped me to learn more about python and covered more part of python.
I'm an absolute beginner and I feel so excited that I've completed the course. This is easy to understand and I will continue to learn more. Thanks.
Very Good materials provided for quick and complete understanding of the subject. Moreover the approach to the explanation is very much appreciated.
Again Dr. Chuck was great. His ability as an instructor to teach things is really good. I am looking forward of taking more training from Dr. Chuck.
An excellent faculty providing the minimal and crisp guide.  Not boring with the lectures. Looking forward for the Machine Learning courses by Chris
A fantastic course! It offers very basic yet useful knowledge and enables me to finish a small project that helps to improve the efficiency at work.
I really liked the course, it is well organized and neatly presented. I would like to say thanks to the professor and Coursera for this opportunity.
Wonderful course. I continue to learn a lot. I am struggling a little more, but I am also learning how to debug my own code much faster than before.
beyond thought , i was thinning that python would be taugh but it goes like i am watching movie and learnt the story.thanks to Dr Chuck and coursera
Really good course with great examples and practice problem. Level-intermediate, need to have basic knowledge of Python before starting this course.
Loved the teaching style of Charles Severance sir and the content too. I will recommend it to every one who wants to learn programming using python.
I really enjoyed this course. Charles was great - just the right amount of knowledge and humour. The course was both challenging, but also possible.
I really enjoy this class. The way the professor tries to teach this rather dry subject is impressive!Will enroll for the following course for sure!
Very basic introduction of programming. but even for someone who is more used to programming, the lectures are still fun to follow , won't be bored.
I love this course! It makes Python so much easier to understand. I have no difficulty in going through any of the codes regarding data structures.
it is fantastic course.if you are new in python programming than this course for you.it will give you better understanding of python data structure
great step by step course, and how to write the program. I can follow well and finish the exercise and quiz without any problem after the tutorial.
The course is quite comprehensive, easy to understand and the instructor is very friendly person which makes it easy to be engaged with the course.
The BEST course ever because of the Best Instructor. It just made me understand all the things I had seen for the very first time easily. Loved it.
The course was really great. However there could have been  more graded programming assignments that illustrate other uses of these data structures
Excellent course that makes you feel as though you are in control of the code. Opens the door to explore python and see what it truly has to offer.
Excellent and a easy path to learn basic programming skill.Getting certificate build my confidence and inspire me to proceed in more courses.Thanks
Thx Dr. ChuckReally a good class. Also this is my first complete class!Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Learn a lot from this class. I will keep moving!4P!4C!
Great course! I found the difficulty increases at a reasonable level. Well explained, but not so easy that I don't feel like I'm learning anything.
I have never learned Data Structure for any other language before as explained here.The assignment are very much intuitive and need proper practice
A great course for learning about the data structures available in python language.Should be taken after first course 'Getting started with python'
Covers the basic data structures of python with an amazing professor. The course assignments and quizzes can be made to be more challenging though.
Excellent course and one can really notice the professor knows the topics he is teaching, exciting, interesting and funny as well. Love the course!
Very good introduction to Phython. The only proble i had was that in the assignments on week 6 i think there werent the answers so i couldnt do it.
Dr.Chuck Wrap UpWhat's Next & Graduation Ceremony was alone worth the whole 7 weeks. Thank you very much great course and even greater instructor.
well taught by the instructor. I am very confident in data structures and control flow. looking forward to the other courses in the specialization
Amazing course, very knowledgeable  professor and easy to understand. Could not have asked for a better course and professor to learn python from.
Thanks a lot for offering this program it's really beneificial  to me and it will helpfull for my future   and also this program help me to career
It was really helpful, The course was very student-friendly, easy to understand. The assignments were really helpful in understanding the concept.
This course deals with data structures and handaling files.I gain knowledge so much and the assignments are also not the easy one .Well explained.
This course was very interesting and useful for me. I learned a lot of thing concerning Data structures in Python...................Thanks so much
This course needs more times reviewing to understand better. However, it means I begin to reach more interesting part. I love python for everyone!
Very interesting course, all the material very clear, excellent exercises gives me a better idea  about the topic. Thanks Dr Chuck :) and coursera
The course was extremely resourceful and have talked about things in detail with a simplistic manner. Charles as the instructor is extremely good.
Awesome course. I learnt a lot from this course. Gives immense knowledge of Python Data Structures. It is must for learners to get quality skills.
Excellent, and easy to understand, course. The assignments are perfect in that they make you work and research a bit, not just reiterate examples.
All basic elements of the Python language has been well explained and subjects were taught in a easy  understanding way of Dr. Chuck.  Well done!!
Wow, I still can't believe what I've learnt in a matter of days...Thanks so much, Dr. Chuck! Now I'm heading to course 3 in this specialisation:-)
Simple, easy, effective... If you code well in other language, this course will allow you to perform well in Python right away with little effort.
I have to say it was challenging! Especially the last program you have to build, but I learned A LOT! I'm really happy I enrolled in this course.
Little bit complex data structure course for beginners with Python but taught in a very much simplified way. Appreciate that efforts of teaching.
This is more difficult than first course of Python for Everybody Specialisation, but very interesting too. Definitely great source to learn from!
Very good course structure! I absolutely love Dr. Severance's teaching style and plan to keep on learning the next course in this specialization.
Great beginner Python course. This is a remedial introduction to Python I found slower than other courses but it is great for and intro to class.
The course was too good. Instructor explained python term in such a manner that anyone having beginning level knowledge can understand it easily.
Very good structured course. Dr Chuck makes me feel get a face to face lessons and gives all the details. He really makes me love Python; Thanks!
this is a great course, I have learned a lot of Python Data Structure concepts!  the material is well prepared and the professor knows his stuff.
So far not difficult. It's open minded  and interesting for me to watch Bonus videos which help me know better about development of the Internet.
It's really good and fun, a really useful course. Except that I almost get a psychasthenia when I fail over and over and over and over again. : )
A very well put together course. Covers all the basics in detail, with the added bonus of awesome interviews with important people in technology.
This is one of the best online course I ever had.The course content is top notch .The assignments are at very good standards.I strongly recommend
Enjoyed the course so much! Recommended for everyone. Simple and plain. Do it. OH, and also read the book! There are more exercises in the book!
this is the  one of the most valuable python course on internet thank you so much the slides are so helpful i really appreciate your work thanks
It is a great course for me to revise the python knowledge which Ive gotten in my undergraduate school and leading me to a advanced level study.
Excellently simplified course. loved learning , cleared basic concept. Dr. chuck is am excellent teacher ; He made learning python fun and easy.
The course was really great. I think understanding structures is really important in programming and this course does a great job in doing this.
Improved learning and practice in data structures.Because of this course, I have discovered dictionaries, tuples and many of their applications.
Extremely easy to understand instructor, with assignments that require you to think in a way to improve your coding technique. Wonderful course.
this was my 1st course,where i felt that this problem statement are realistic.I am wishing to do it againwell done coursera for this course !!!!
It is a great class, the way to teach Dr. Chuck is very didactic, the examples and exercises are excellent. I will definitely do the next course
Would be great to have more assignments (from very easy to more advanced ones) for each chapter to master skills and understanding of the topics
This course was so helpful. The contents were fascinating and priceless.I am very thankful to Coursera and Dr.Chuck for this wonderful knowledge
Excellent overview of all the basic Python constructs in the form of engaging exercises and some real world applications. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Grt experience always learning from Dr. Chuck. The classes were as usual interesting and assignments a bit tedious but still pretty much doable.
The part I love the most is the assignment which helps me find out the pieces I'm not familiar with,  and reinforce my ability of writing codes.
THE BEST COURSE I HAVE EVER TAKEN!Absolutely amazing course for those who want to learn Python. The lecturer is fantastic! I enjoyed it so much!
I'm a PHP Developer with a several years experience. I was finding a good way to learn a new language. This course helped me a lot along my way.
In his normal fashion, Dr Charles covers the material at the correct level.  He doesn't bog you down in the details but gives you what you need.
A fantastic course and a great teacher.I finally understood how to use the tuples, dictionaries and lists. And above all, what to use them for.
This was a very helpful course that has developed my interest in programming. I will definitely be learning more programming after this course.
Thank you Dr Chuck for this course. Helped me to learn a lot on Python programming. Hoping to meet soon in other courses in the specialization.
Great course Again with Great exercises and i love the pace of this course , of course Dr chuck delivers very clear concepts of data structures
relevant, well explained and presented. Very good also the delivery via Coursera with material, forum support, python simulator, etc. good job!
One of the funniest/most interactive computer science teachers I have ever had, all explained in a simple and concise yet still engaging manner
Once again, top notch!  I had a lot of fun with this course.  The assignments were challenging enough to be interesting and memorable.  Thanks!
This is really nice journey with you .You are a very good teacher. You can elaborate hard thing very easily.I think this is your magical power.
Amazing course. Loved all the lectures. Thank you. I am from India but if I come to visit US someday, I would love to meet Professor Severance.
Continues the great experience from the first course. Harder topics but still very helpful to guide you towards understanding and using Python.
Excellent, engaging, easy-to-follow, and even fun! You can really tell the instructor cares and took great pains to make the course accessible.
All i want to say is THANK YOUUUU SO MUCH  this course just boast my confidence that i can learn python so easily and can write code on my own
What a wonderful experience it was. I really enjoyed taking this course. The materials were easy to understand and I have learned quite a lot.
It was a perfect course, i liked it very much. after completing this course now i have a broader view towards Python and programming as whole.
Dr Duck make it very easier to understand the data structure in Python. It was fun to write down scripts for solving basic problems. Thank you
Wonderful course and wonderful teacher. Thanks a lot for sharing your experience, your skills and tons of materials. Best course I've ever got
very good course, teacher explains in a simple way to understand within a short-time videos. It could be useful to have more excercises to do.
It was a nice course. The explanations given by Dr. Chuck were  great, even  a person with no programming background can acquire these skills.
Very understandable, comprehensive and just as difficult as it needs to be. For sure, nobody should afraid of taking it due to its difficulty.
the course is amazing and the book provides a lot of help although i did the last part without the video and only from the it was a great exp.
This course helped me a lot in learning about reading files and extract required information from it using different data structures of python
I really enjoyed learning python through this course. Thanks Coursera for making such amazing teachers/instructors so easily accessible to us.
Excellent course structure!! Everything is explained step by step. Gives more confidence to write complex programs after taking up the course.
Perfect balance of stretching yourself but yet help is at each step to make sure one can complete the course and feel confident going forward.
This course was just as great as the last one.  It was fun and interesting to learn with Dr. Chuck, and I'm definitely taking the next course!
This is my second Python course. Again materials and videos were easy to follow. I recommend this course to everyone who want to learn Python.
Really loved this second python course I took. Good explaination in the video which helps to make the excersices without looking into a book!!
Excellent instructor; easy to comprehend and work through the assignments. I'll definitely take the next course in the specialization as well.
it was really a nice course. I really enjoyed learning the python -data structure. Thanks, sir for providing such nice videos to learn python
Great Course! I just started learning Python, and I am confident that this course has laid down strong foundation for me. Thanks Dr Chuck! :)
thank you Chuck! for the great time and the valuable information. it was a pleasure to learn from you. to participate at your great lectures.
Dr. Chuck makes it easy to understand, just on the right pace for following up, I am glad I finished in half the time I thought it would take
To learn Python Data Structures i choose coursera platform which helps me to understand the course very well throgh videos and lecture notes.
It is great honor to be student of Dr.chuck and the graduation was very amazing it teaches me many things and I take more courses of Dr.chuck
Very nice course for Python data structure, specially describe combination with list, dictionary and tuple at the same program. It's amazing.
Excellent course for beginners. Since I had prior programming language experience, I felt little easier. Basic Concepts are clearly explained
This course is a little bit more advanced than the first one. Major data structures like file, lists, dictionaries, tuples are being covered!
Excellent introduction for either complete beginners in programming and/or Python. A must attend if you plan to study Data Science in Python!
Good overview of the basics of Python 2.7. The instructor keeps it engaging. Looking forward to classes that explain both versions of Python.
Loved the course, professor is quirky (in a good way!) and you will learn a lot! Will definitely be taking more courses from this instructor.
The course is really awesome. and its easy to understand and easy to learn. I would highly recommend these course for the beginners in Python
Excellent course with a lot of fun, 4 P and 4 CPassionPurposePersistence,perserverance, gritPlayfulnessChoiceCommitmentConnectionsCertificate
Good and easy to follow introduction into Python.No pressure, clear and pleasantly presented material - a good place to start learning Python
Lovely professor. Well-chosen, illustrative examples & appropriate assignments & quizzes. I'm continuing on to the next course in this track!
This is the best way to learn python with doctor chucks.really awesome content and way of teaching and also his energy to do saveral things.
External grade tool didn't allow some kind of operations which forced me to change my code many times and it also make the things difficult.
this is really amazing and interesting to me,because i complete this course.this is really helpfull and easy to learn python data structure.
This is a really great course and of course I love Python. I really appreciate the excellent skills of teaching of Charles Russell Severance
dr.chuck is the best mentor ive ever been taught by.this course helped me a lot and surely will help me afterwards also<3 thank you COURSERA
The classes were in the right flow to learn and implement all the new concepts. Clean and easy to comprehend. The best to start programming.
Get more understanding of data structure in python. But still, I need to learn more, this creates a strong foundation to self-study further.
Well, this chapter is the begin of Python. And I got some important method of Python and knew the data structures. Thanks a lot  to teacher.
2nd Successful Course. I continue thinking these courses organization and goals achieval are better than many prestigious University Masters
I have now very clear on python data structures including lists dictionary and tupples , Thanks to my teacher and also thanks to coursera :)
I am glad I could attend this course. Even I was struggling in the end with last example I made it. I am totally safisfied with it.Thank you
A very interesting introduction to concepts like lists, dictionaries and tuples in python with well designed quiz and programming exercises.
Great pace and clear instructions from the professor, highly recommended course if you would want to get acquainted with Python programming.
I love the simplicity of the course structure... videos are concise and crips and very accurately explained by profession in short videos...
This is such a good course. I have completed it in 2 weeks, every single assignment is very uuesful. Can't wait to learn more about python.
Very recommended starter course of Python, Dr Chuck is super clear in the explanations, Im glad I took the time to complete this. Its a 10.
Charles couldn't have said it better, this is just the beginning to form a path and open your mind to new opportunities or create new ones.
It could go a way more deeper as I feel that Dr. Chuck has the capability to give in-depth learning of Python in an easy way to beginners..
Exceptional course for those who want to brush up python, learn python or even for those who are familiar with other programming languages.
This is a really wonderful course and the teaching staff is very helpful and help you with any problem. It was amazing taking this course!!
Was a great experience, learned a lot of new things in python. It is a great course and teaching by Charles sir was great and very helpful.
I feel really great after successfully completing this course..Now I really have the confidence to venture into the world of programming..!
excellent! Thanks all the teachers who helped me during the class, especially the teacher who tought me to correct my fault in progremming!
Great pace and quality.  Liked having the accompanying text book as well.  Chuck has a great personality and seems to truly enjoy teaching.
OUTSTANDING Course Thank you Dr. Chuck, this was a fantastic and useful course, assignments are difficult but I learned a lot from them.
The professor is so funny, you can feel he really love python, teaching and life. I really love the way he explain the logic behind coding.
learned so much here I know it will help me in the future, I even seem to think more logically after grinding this out in a week and a half
Outstanding course.  Explains the relevance of each data structure and gives meaningful examples.  Incredibly well thought out.  Thank you.
I love this Professor, he explained everything very clear. I have no prior experience at all, but I understand everything after this course
I really like the course. It is very organized and easy to learn. I am planning on taking the rest of the courses and the capstone project.
This is a real free and excellent course for anyone who wants to learn all the fundamentals of Python data structures! Thank you, Dr Chuck!
It was a great experience learn Python with Prof. Dr. Charles Severance. I enjoyed a lot and will continue studying this computer language.
I can't believe the ease with which i am learning python by this specialization. I am extremely thankful to coursera and Charles Severance.
Dr. Charles Severance is an awesome teacher. His teaching style and the way this course is designed makes it just AWESOME and easy to learn
great course to understand the data structure in python .I liked the roadmap of course following a book which gave me better understanding
the classes are very good for the people how are suffering from programming. Thanks to the professor to have such understandable lectures.
thank you so much Dr. chunk you are probably the best instructor I've ever found and also thank you coursera for providing this platform!!
It's an excellent course for learning how data structures work in Python, as well as basically learning how to filter and manipulate data.
This course is very well explained about data structure in python and all the video lectures and assignments are explained in this course.
excellent course.....his way of presentation keeps us engaged. teaches every concept with a example rather than focussing simply on theory
After this course, I think i can coding better when I learned these Python data structures, and this really useful to solve some problems.
this course is very interesting. you won't get bore of the lectures and my favorite Dr.Chuck.he is an amazing tutor. "Big fan..! Dr.chuck"
It  is  really good course especially for beginners. Thanx coursera for this immensely beautiful course offered and that too free of cost.
A smooth glide into very useful, slightly more advanced topics in Python. Presented with clear mastery and humor, this course is a winner!
Brilliant tutorials even though ive been using Python for over a year, it was nice to start at the basics and build in an appropriate way.
Great course for beginners, it's important to work hard throughout the course so you can really drive all the concepts home. Best of luck!
Really glad I discovered this series of courses; they've definitely given me confidence to go out and find more data - to bend to my will.
I finally got to appreciate how Python can be used as a powerful tool for data analysis. This course made me jump right into the next one.
Easy to understand and easy to finish the assignment. It's make me have more confidence to lean more and eager to learn deeper and deeper.
This course is great as it has an excellent instructor who is really good at teaching and explaining all bits about programming on Python.
I like the explanations and worked exercises. I also love the fact I can speed up the videos because sometimes it's too slow for my taste.
It was a very nice course for even those who have known python before. It refreshes the file handling concepts and guides you thoroughly.
Excellent course. The content was beautiful and the instructor was awesome. I will definitely return to Dr.Chuck's classes in the future.
Wonderful introduction to the data structures in python, some good assignments and you get to learn data structures efficiently, Kudoos!!
I love this course. This course give me a new direction of thinking in the programming world. Dr.Chunk teaches in a very friendly manner.
The course was really helpful , where I thought I knew things that I already had know, it had gave me more info and better explainitions.
Dr. Chuck does an amazing job at simplifying and explaining hard to digest content for student that never dealt with programming language
great course one of the best moment is that the program which is shown by chuck sir on the start of the course.sir easy and interesting .
Just amazing knowledge of data structures  using python ,by Dr. Charles.I really gained a lot from it!Thanks Dr. Charles!Thanks Coursera!
Really a great course, Dr chuck is the best teacher. He will take his time and explain to you the tiniest of things in detail. MUST WATCH
Great teacher Chuck and obviously a great course for people just starting out with programming.I really enjoyed the course.  Thank you :)
the course context gets more complex, for me, I find out by doing the chapter exercises I can easily understand the method and functions.
I learned so many things from Dr. Chuck. And this is an amazing video. The last advice which he gave to us students was very informative.
I recommend this course for everybody. You can learn Python, it is a really important tool in nowadays. Congratulations to the teacher!!!
Very helpful as it deals with real-life programming problems one might deal with. Again Dr. Charles did amazing on being the python guru!
Did not think I was gonna make it at 1st, but if you pay attention to the Doc and try not to make it harder then it is you'll get thr it.
Wonderful instructor Dr Chuck.  Tremendous course - wonderful videos, great assessments, quizzes. The auto-grader by Dr Chuck is awesome.
It was absolutely amazing.I used to be so confused by all the logics in programming but here I completed all my assignment by MYSELF.Wow.
Best course. Problem is great. Content is awesome. If you solve and debug your own assignment, you will understand eventually everything.
Builds nicely in complexity. Python data structures are a thing of beauty.  Very well presented and the assignments are well thought out.
This course is very good. It is especially made for beginners. I loved the way of teaching. and it's assignments are really very awesome.
great course that cover the basics of python data structures.  assignments are manageable and good practices for the skills that u learn.
A really good course. And it's really fit students who have pass the course" Python for Everyone" and want to learning more about python.
Excellent for introducing someone to programming in Python. In my case it was easiest to move from a language like C/C++ to learn Python.
One of the best courses I've done on Coursera, led by a talented, extraordinary person.  Thanks Heaps, Dr. Chuck!  You're an inspiration!
This course was a bit challenging at first but it was worth the while. I got confused at first on tuples and lists but I saw it through.
Very good explanations, consistent and definite. I only would like more exercises and activities for practice, but this doesn't end yet.
This course was a very helpful one. I learned a lot from this course, and the hands-on assignments proved to be of great importance too.
I was able to get all the concepts of the python.All thanks to Chuck sir and his sense of understanding is also very much pleased to me.
This is one of the best course about data structures in python...now my all doubt related dictionaries, tuples, and lists are cleared...
My experience on PYTHON DATA STRUCTURE is awesome and this is very good learning site.THANK YOU SO MUCH for your guidelines and support.
It is a wonderful course. Dr. Chuck does a good job of teaching us every part of Python and he is also a king friend. Thanks, Dr. Chuck!
excellent course for data structure that help you build a list and manipulate the data in different sets .a big respect for prof charles
Dr. Chuck is a great teacher. He's funny, engaging, and makes things easy to understand. I never thought I'd enjoy learning programming!
This course is well explain by instructor and learn a lot easily. Now this specialization is going to beginner to real life application.
Excellent course for Python Beginners. I like Instructor very much. His way of teaching,explaining is just brilliant. I love this course
It was a wonderful journey learning Python Data Structures with Dr. Chunk. Looking for starting the other courses of the specialisation.
Extremely well explained with good examples of real situations, common in professional environments. A Great Teacher and a Great Course!
thanks coursera for giving thing oppurtunity and once again thanks Dr. chuck for motivating and playing me with python . you are awesome
Very helpful! It's amazing to see how the seemingly simple functions combined in various ways can create so many interesting outcomes!!!
Very enjoyable course. I liked how the lectures were structured and I am surprised on how much I enjoyed Dr. Charles Severance lectures.
I loved every bit of the course. I can't wait to move onto the next courses in the Specialisation.On my way to becoming a Pythonista! :)
great introduction to list, tuples and dictionaries. The instructor is really detail oriented. His content is really easy to understand.
Awesome course yet again with professor Chuck, in this course we learned to open and read files and use those files for whatever we need
This courser was very well-organised, going through interesting topics. Dr. Chuck knows exactly how to explain and communicate concepts.
Great course.I appreciate the instructors helping to clarify issues.I appreciate allof you for putting the course together.God bless you
Excellent resource for learning Python. Dr. Chuck is great teacher, mentors are quick in responding and helping with harder assignments.
I think this course it is fundamental for give to student a perfect basis for learn to programming and knowlegde of science computation.
Awesome class. Most online classes I've taken haven't been very useful, but these classes have kept me motivated and I've learned a ton!
Great content for starters!! Slides are easy to follow. Lectures are never boring mainly due to the witty professor!! Love this course!!
Thank You very much professor chuck You have made this course very simple for all of us and all your efforts are highly appreciated . :)
Great, this is not another boring programming course, the professor has a lot of charisma and the speed of the classes is just perfect.
a great course, but does have some issues as the assignment difficulty is a bit high in certain chapters. Recommend this course highly.
I really like this course. It teaches you the basics of Python Programming very well and is a good foundation for other Python classes.
very good course and the instructor is one of the best instructors that i have seen in my life, it makes everything easy to understand.
pleased to get python course with best syllabus and best instructor and his guidance .feeling like  a milestone in learning programming
Good course for getting knowledge of python:data structures .Go ahead and take this course you will love this course that's for sure...
A very superb designed online lecture by Dr.Chuck. hats off to him for this tremendous help. We love you sir. Take Love from Bangladesh
I like Dr. Charles teaching way. that is how I exactly wanted a teacher to teach me. I am confident to go through the next course. :)))
The instructor is very good and also have some good sense of humour recommended for beginners and for the ones to brush up their basics
Great class that build perfectly on part of the series. I wish there were more exercises in this section each week, to improve mastery.
good course..provided me the  knowledge of data structures in python.I got to know about string library...nd ofcourse many more things.
Dr Severance is great tutor and his class is super fun! l love it! i never thought a computer programing class could be so interesting!
In this course my problem solving abilities improved due to assignment as they were bit tricky. Thanks a lot for your efforts and time.
It was very nice course
I have a lot of difficulty completing this course but in the end everything worked out
And I have learned a lot
A great course! Instructions through videos and reading materials are so clear!I'm literally grateful for having access to this course.
Fun and interesting course! The reading and lectures were easy enough to follow. The assignments were both challenging and stimulating.
It is a great course for beginners in python. The lectures are very informative and the instructor teaches every concept very nicely !
Great course and great instructor Dr. Chuck. I enjoyed this course and looking forward to do more courses from University of Michigan.
Really great course with great exercises  where they use practical problems considering this is a beginner course, It makes it so good
Well defined course structure and most efficient instructor i ever saw. I can say that because teaching me to code isn't an easy task.
A great and easy to understand course. It will be perfect for a newbie and for someone who wants to refresh their knowledge of Python.
This Course is Awesome. But Sometimes the solution of the programme required. However, Thanks Michigan University as well as Dr Chuck.
An awesome professor, he encouraged my passion for programming. Not only a great one, but a funny person with a lot of teaching tools.
Extremely happy to complete this course  ..Excellent mentor Dr. Chuck Severance Happy to learn and feeling motivated to explore more!!
I have learned a lot. sincere thanks to Dr.Charles Severance and Coursera Team for taking efforts to educate people on such platforms.
it is indeed a worth course for beginners.The assignments problems are challenging and make the students to think and implement a lot.
After coming this far I can easily say that I almost know how to program in python , the easiest way to learn a language so thank you.
After finishing the second course of this specialization, I have to admit that with a good instructor, success has been half achieved.
Best Instructor ! and  Course Material is very Clear and Easy to Understand, I like the way this Instructor reciprocates his knowledge
Fun class that was easy to follow along with at your own pace.  Would definitely recommend to friends looking to explore writing code.
Great Effort, by one of the Best Teacher's I have ever seen.Sir please continue to teach Python and add advanced Python courses to It.
The explanation was nice, everything was well described in a good manner. The quiz and assignment also helped for clearing the logics.
The course teaches you the essential aspects of python data structure. Lectures, quizzes, and exercises are well organised and useful.
I've been auditing the Python for everybody courses and the professor is amazing! I'm a total newb and he has me excited about coding!
Dr.Chuck explained the deets very well in this course. Thanks for filming the graduation video. It was so lovely to attend this class.
Its awesome course and tutor is also so much clear in his instructions.Thank you so much.... Love it.. it shakes my head but awesome..
Very useful and interesting course. There is lack of handouts (slides, pdfs that contains general theses of each topic and so on) only
A wonderful introduction to data structures in Python and all the exciting stuff that you can do with them!! Definitely worth taking!!
Extremely helpful to better understand the different data structures in Python. Less mocking around and more knowing what is going on.
I really like this instructor! Makes me laugh all the time(and learn something at the same time). Great class. Will continue course 3.
This course really helped me to learn Python data structures in a very easy and unique way. I am elated that I am part of this course.
Very nice course, in the sequence of the introduction. Excellent Mentors that help us along the assignments and for any doubt we have.
Neat introduction to the various types of variables available, how to handle them and when to use each of them. Thanks for the course.
I really enjoy the learning. Specifically I would like to thank you Dr. Chuck for his extraordinary way of teaching python programing.
I wanted to strengthen my concepts of python, learning how to do things in the pythonic way and this course helped me to achieve that
Such a fantastic continuation about learning programming in Python! I'm excited for the next things we can learn using this lenguage.
This course is brilliant. It's easy to follow and I've had such a blast learning from it. Even the assignments were really enjoyable!
Excellent course. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to learn about python. Dr. Chuck is really an amazing teacher/professor.
One of the best programming language courses that helps you to gain confidence in it and helps you in learning its basics effectively
The lectures which are provided really helped me a lot. It is is very good course for the people who are beginners in data structures
Best !! I learnt the datastructure in python . Specially thanking to dr.chuck for this amazing way of teaching .Thank you very much!!
Well, Dr.Charles R. Severance is phenomenal in terms of teaching, I never saw anyone teaching like him.so intuitive.Thank you so much
Dr Chuck is an amazing instructor. After 2 months since my beginning I've learned the very basic of Python-coding. Thank you so much.
Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher and he has made this course very easy to understand. I would 100% recommend this course to beginners.
Great course for beginners with either no previous coding experience or coders coming from other languages that want to learn Python.
It is a little bit challenging in terms of assignments but I enjoyed solving those problems and I have learnt a lot from this course.
Professor chuck has taught this course in very simple way, very easy to grasp. It has help me to understand all the basics of python.
Brilliant as always Dr. Chuck! Also big thanks to the TA's for their zen-like patience in answering all the questions of the students
Wonderful course, and wonderful teacher.  I love the fact that there is additional help in the text book and that it is downloadable!
A wonderful course, as clear and understandable, yet still packed with value, as the others from Dr Chuck. Recommend, no hesitation !
Its interesting and getting harder with each each week. But I am sure Dr. Chuck would make it all easy for us in the coming chapters.
this is a very useful course. I will recommend it to others as well who are looking to learn python. Thanks to the teacher Dr. Chuck.
Awesome, lots of fun! Love the enthusiasm. Great pace too, exactly what I was looking for in a course, and in a tutor. Massive Kudos.
Like it all, except one moment -- "tuples" theme.  But I think it's not about the coverage of a topic, but just me.Anyway, thank you!
It's really fun become Dr.Chuck web base student. I wish I could become one of his real student. This course is really great. BONJOUR
Made  concepts very easy to understand and utilize. I especially enjoyed the exercises ; they were a great source of practice for me
I think this is the teacher with the clearest logic among the online classes we have taken so far, and the explanation is very good!
Excellent course! It was challenging enough for beginners like me, but I was able to do everything on my own. I really recommend it!
At the moment, this is the best course on this topic for a beginner programmer. In fact. It is truly the best on the internet today.
This is a very good course for python data structures. You will get familiar with all data structures in python in pretty good way:)
Such a great course, I have improved my python skills and I hope I can be some sort of a master after I complete the specialization.
Really fun experience! Dr. Chuck taught us about languages and grammars in python, and explore how to assemble strings. Very useful.
I feel that my father is teaching me. Loved lecture styles of the chuck.  Really effective style of teaching for absolute beginners.
The course was explained conceptually including all the possible aspects of implementations. I just loved learning from this course.
amazing explanation about the python data structure like list, tuple, and dictionary and also it all integrates with the python file
wonderful course, especially for a student like me, who never studied python before. Dr. Chuck is very humorous and nice, I love it!
Thanks so much for explaining these concepts in a way I could understand them and the exercises really helped!  It's a great course!
Very  practical and simple. with the help of the book. everything is very doable. In the end you'll notice your skills have evolved.
Dr. Chuck's lectures are easy to understand. I learned
a lot from this course! Highly recommended for students starting with Python.
Thanks a lot for giving the ability to learn about pyhon and enrich my knowledge of it! Thans for useful lectures, quizes and tasks!
I didn't have the easiest time and spent a fair amount of time on the problems but I cannot say I didn't learn a pretty good amount.
This is a very useful course!The lecture is clear, easy to understandI've learned a lot from Dr.Chuck and I'll take the next course!
A really exciting course!Loads of new information, the course is well designed and good built. The teaching level also is very high.
Great course, especially when accompanied with book. The lecturer is great with nice sense of humour. Tho the fee is a bit too high.
Great Course , I have learn lots of things I haven't noticed before. And now  I  know why my python scripts always get a "Traceback"
I  realy like your course and the way you teaching sir , My name in thiwakar and my mail id is 18130030@student.hindustanuniv.ac.in
It was very good experience. Learned basic stuff in python like lists, dictionaries and tuples. Dr. Chuck is an awesome instructor.
It was an amazing experience learning data structures.Excellent teacher, the way of teaching was really awesome.Thank you cousera!!
Dr chuck is the best teacher i have come across till date. This is the best introductory course on python available on the internet
It is a very good couse. Dr. Chuck is a very didactic teacher. The 'bonus' videos shown in the course are great as well. Thank you!
This course gives excellent insights in data structures in python. I really loved course content and Dr. Chuck's style of teaching.
Really amazing course and the instructor. Helped a lot with clearing the basics. The instructor makes this learning very enjoyable.
the instructor is the greatest person i've ever seen , he really loves what he doing ,really want to teach people every tiny detail
It was an amazing course, every topic is so well explained, and the exercises are really helpful to reenforce the Knwoledge adquire
Thank for Giving me that opportunity to complete the course and experience is excellent.Thank you cousera and thank you once again.
Thank you, Dr Chuck, for building this awesome course, it was really amazing to learn from you, looking forward to the next course.
The way the instructor delivers things is super clear and organized. this was the most beneficial course in data structures for me.
It was a good experience. The class are very clear and the pace is well adapted to fit with the contents. I strongly recomended it.
This course has helped me in getting started with python language. Thank you, sir, for your efforts and I love your teaching style.
So far so good. After this course and the encouraged talk by Dr Chuck, I want to continue all the way to all five courses provided.
This course is amazing, especially for beginners. Dr Chuck's efforts and his teaching style makes the course even more interesting.
Take any class by Dr. Chuck. Seriously, he is the best MOOC instructor I have ever seen and will get you excited about programming.
Excellent course. Exercises are built-in the previous ones. Every point is well-explained. I am very happy about taking this course
Another great course as far is building the Python foundation to have the build a future project. Definitely itching to learn more!
One of the simplest and enriched course out there, best and easy to understand due to great dedications of instructors and coursera
Awesome course. I highly recommend it to people looking to get into the world of data analysis, machine learning and AI with python
I spent 1 day and a half to complete the course. I really like the professor. I learned a lot from the course. Thank you very much.
Thanks to Dr. Chuck and his outstanding videos, I have benefited greatly that I am confident in using Python to solve problems now.
Another great course with many exercises to supplement the material and help you struggle through to understanding. Simply amazing.
I totally loved the course. I was surprised to see that I was able to code myself.The concepts were very nicely cleared by Dr.Chuck
excellent, awesome, this course does what is says it does, teaches you about python data structures, i can't thank Dr chuck enough.
Very easy to understand and the assignment helps to learn the concepts better. One of the best trainer I seen for an online course.
Great course. You need to be patient and constant in order to really understand the new concepts but they're really well explained.
A great course for learning structure for every language.Explained and exemplified in a simple and understandable way for everyone.
That's grate! Slow pace to dig into details and practice enough. A good sense of humor.I am happy to complete it and will go ahead.
Since I completed my first python courses I was one of the biggest fan of  Dr.Chuck,Very Nice explanation of each and every topic.
Every concept was clearly explained with good examples, good courses to take if u have no knowledge of coding and can learn a lot.
Good introduction to data structures. Had a background in other languages like R and C++ so was good to learn the syntax of python
Very nice course, Dr. Chuck is intelligent , funny and explaining the concepts is best. I'd like to do more courses from Dr. Chuck
Great walkthrough and refresh of core data structure concepts. Exercises were easy and fun but employed everything taught. Thanks!
The assignments and quizzes were very well thought, gave me a practical test of my python abilities. The content was very good too
This course gives me a very conceptual knowledge about data structures and how can we use them to get more in python in easier way
It is a very good course and the instructor explains everything in such a manner that it becomes so easy to understand the topics.
Fundamental course, with basic information completed by deep motivation on commands and methods syntax explained by a real expert.
It is taught in a really nice manner.Thanks Dr. Charles for your guidance.You really teach in a very simple and understanding way.
Every good explanation by Charles sir.He made it easy to learn this course.Thank you University of Michigan for giving this chance
in this python data structure we are learning string concept,list concept ,tuple concept and dictionary concept with their methods
This course help me to learn and code python very easily. I am thankful to the instructors and coursera for providing this course.
The difficulty picks up but with the examples provided along with the text all things turn out very good and you can move forward.
This was my first course. Before that I have tried on various courses. But this course has improved my understanding about python.
Best Course for Beginners in programming field. Excellent pedagogy by Dr. Charles. Thank you for share such a great course online.
Awesome. Dr Chuck is super awesome in his teaching style. Great course. HIghly recommend it to everyone intending to learn Python.
The mentoring and teaching is amazing! the guide does such an amazing job at making us understand the concept in such an easy way!
Clearly explained concepts of Python data structures. Interesting bonus materials and very "cool" teacher (also he has tatoo :-D )
Superb Course,  clears all the basics related to Strings, Lists, Dictionaries and Tuples. Must for those who want to learn Python.
still. easy assignment... gives five star because the instructor did a very clear explanation and course content is well organized
This was a great course! Dr.Chuck does a great job of breaking down the concepts of the course, making it very easy to understand!
Excellent course.Very useful Python topics.I'm a bit ahead working on Threads and I'm looking forward for the next Python courses.
Thank you Dr. Chuck for this course. Hope you make that Python for everybody specialization course also free for everybody :) :) .
This is a great course. literally I have fallen in love with python after doing this course. We can do so much things with python
I highly recommend this course. The lecture is explain everything very clearly. It is very easy to understand.Thank you very much
I am thankful to Dr.Chuck who has build very fantastic course for data structure and to coursera for such good platform. thankyou
Charles sir is the best python teacher on the planet. Loved this course. And will recommend everyone about Coursera and Dr.Chuck.
Great course for beginners in Python. Materials and assignments help a lot. Will go through the next course within the framework.
Thank you for Dr.Chunk and teaching assistants 'help. This is a very good course and You will obtain  a lot from this ten courses
Excellent Course for Brushing up the basics of python before moving on to more advanced topics in python, definitely recommend it
As always Dr. Chuck was splendid, and perfectly explains data structures in python, learn a lot of new things... Thanks professor
Dr. Chuck is so fun to learn with, I wish all the teachers taught like him in a fun way, thank you Coursera for this opportunity!
This course was awesome and most importantly I want to say that the prof. is very cool and explain the whole course very briefly.
Nice course, gave me some struggle to solve the assignments. But it is really manageable with the materials, slides and textbook.
Excellent course. Dr. Chuck makes it very interesting and his teaching skills are amazing. He is the big asset for this training.
AMAZING COURSE AND THE INSTRUCTOR DR. CHUCK TAUGHT IN A VERY EFFICIENT AND AMAZING WAY ...LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKE MORE COURSES...
this is a very informative and good course on python data structures. i would highly recommend it to all the beginners out there.
It was super fun to learn about python data structures and to complete the assignments. This course is really good for beginners.
Great course, and instructor. Very comprehensive explanations of all concepts suitable for people in beginner level of education.
It is an AMAZING course, during which I learn data structure of Python with a great deal of joy. Professor Chuck is charismatic !
I love this course, I never thought I would interested in coding, and this course made this experience so much interesting to me!
It was a highly interesting class.The way it is taught and explained keeps you engrossed and you feel to take the further courses
Great class, very fun to go along with.  Would recommend a base knowledge of Python such as the first class "Python for Everyone"
Nice guidance through all the chapters. The difficulty of the assignments makes one to review the slides in order to get it done.
Great course. Lots of helpful info for background reading etc.All in all the course makes learning the language fun and exciting!
really gained a lot through Python learning process. it helps to develop my logical thinking, i will keep moving forward. thanks!
Step by step walk through of each concepts and a very clear delineation of concepts with optimal timings for each seating. Best.!
Really nice course! I started from Beginner Course 3 weeks ago and it is really addictive. I am looking forward to learning more.
Excellent course - complicated enough content but not too much to scare away someone who takes classes in the evening after work.
Lots of practice to understand lists, dictionaries, and tuples. Thanks Dr. Chuck and team for putting this course at my disposal.
A very practical and easy to understand  syntax involved in the Python language let it be very suitable for real world projects.
Excellent course as the 1st one. Excellent for the beginners to go through the python basics fast with easy learning experience.
Awesome course. Dr. Chuck is funny and explain complex things in an easy way to understand, I liked a lot! Highly recommended!!!
You'll learn more complicated language that will be applicable to your own data. I used it to write codes for DNA sequence data.
This is a very useful course with a wonderful professor. I had enjoyed the course and learnt the basics which can be understood.
the course is very interesting to me. i feel very lucky to complete this course. hope it will help me much at the upcoming days.
Very useful intro into data model of python - one can (and should) keep exploring afterwards on one's own. Overall, very useful.
i learned so much python programming in this course especially python data structures  and excited to work in real time problems
Good lessons. Very quick explanations. The practices are related to the contents and they are very useful to learn the language.
Great course for beginners. This course is must to start coding in python. A very interesting course mostly because of Dr. Chuck
Prof. Severance is a good communicator and this course was excellent. I will pursue more courses.Coursera is very user friendly.
This one one of the best MOOC(Massively Open Online Courses) I have ever taken. Thanks a lot for making this outstanding course.
The learning so far has been great. Many thanks to Professor Severance for his detailed guidance to learning Python step by step
I learned all about the data structures I was afraid to use.  After the class, I was using them like nobody's business!  Thanks!
Excellent material and Prof. Severance is such a lovable character! The material and the way he explains things are really good!
Charles does the best job of explaining coding so for in any of the courses I've taken. I would recommend any course he teaches.
This was definitely an awesome course !! i learnt some advanced skills in python !! looking forward to continue in this course!!
It was very nice however some chapters were quite challenging for me but after viewing the exercises etc. I finally finished it!
I had a little experience with Python before, but this course helped me learn a lot more, and made me want to learn more Python.
Great, great class! I've already recommended this course to all of my colleagues and I will finish the entire series of classes.
This course is highly recommended, it requires a lot of practice, Dr. Chuck is the best! Wish I could had a face-to-face lecture
Quite comprehensive and easy for understanding. Good course for both beginners in programming and far more experienced audience.
I loved it, it was one of the great courses I ever took. BTW the graduation ceremony speech was really awesome.Thanks Dr. Chunck
Wonderful for anyone looking for migrating to python from any other language.(In addition to the new learners!) Thanks a lot...
python data structures explained by Dr.Chuck is in a very simple manner and was a kinda fun lecture . I really love his lessons
Another great course by Prof. Chuck. Rather than being very informative and apt for a beginner, this course is real fun to do !
This is the second course I have done so far and it cannot be more interesting. I am so hopeful to complete the specialization!
Dr.Chuck is an excellent teacher!I loved the course and i thoroughly understood the various uses of data structures in Python 3
The second course of Python programming series which teaches data structures in Python. Explicitly explained and well designed.
The course content is really very good and Dr.Chuck really explains all of it very well and makes it really easy to understand.
Really good and helpful course. It walks you through the very basics and helps to build strong fundamental foundation in python
This is a fantastic course for experienced programmers wanting to get ideas on who to describe the craft to novice programmers.
Enjoyed the smooth transition from Course 1 to Course 2. Amazing teacher, had loads of learning and fun. 10/10 would recommend!
Nice & clean description of data structure in python. Thank you coursera for such important course in python language learning.
The exceptional teaaching by Dr Chuck still impresses , the classes are short and interesting which keeps it from being boring.
Awesome... great teachings skills and no need to study the same from anywhere else... i will just say it's great to learn here.
A very good introduction to Python Data Structures. Enjoyed the pace and looking forward to more advanced programming courses!!
Dr. Chuck is the bomb--engaged, funny, informative, and encouraging.  Highly recommend this class for, yes, literally everyone.
it's the best  course i have ever attended but it wouldn't be such good if you passed the previous courses Thanks alot Dr Chuck
It is awesome. Very easy to follow and complete the tasks and that is only because of the awesome way information is presented.
Very good course. Explanations on the concepts are clear and the course is well-structured. Looking forward to the next module!
could use a bit more instruction and deep dives on the most common operatives but gives a good understanding of data structures
help me to know how to use list, dictionary and tuple.really helpful and interesting to know to how to deal with textual files.
Dr Chunk, you are awesome...the content is great and I like the fun element attached to the course so it doesn't become boring.
I'm on a role. Love how this class is structured. The Dr. knows how to teach people by keeping them interested....works for me.
Congratulations! You've done a great work!This course is awesome. I hope to continue learning with you. Greeting from Colombia.
well explained, easy to understand and being presented clearly and interestingly .I really loved to participate in this course!
Amazing instructor makes it very easy and direct to get along. Really enjoyed his playfulness and his creative example as well.
Very nice lectures, I would be looking forward to any other courses from Dr.Chuck. Expect more rigorous programming assignments
Prof. Chuck - Shout from India, you are super awesome. Course content and your teaching style......and like you say...yati yata
Good experience came to know the difference between python and other coding languages. Python codes are more compact and easy.
This is really a nice course through which I comprehensibly gain the knowledge required to do the context parsing with python!
This course is amazing! If you want to learn a lot about Python, you have to take this course. I really recommend this course!
I loved the course, although I found it somewhat more difficult to understand the concepts. I am looking forward to continuing
I enjoyed a lot learning python data structures and trust me Dr.Chuck is the best tutor for teaching programming to beginners.
I really appreciate the course. Though I find a little difficult in the last few chapters, I will try my best to study Python.
The best course i have ever come across on Coursera ! Learned so much within a few weeks. Looking forward to more such courses
The lectures are engaging and the tools to deliver and automatically grade assignments worked flawlessly.  Highly recommended.
Really this is an awesome course  on python built-in data structures with real life implementations .It was a fun to learn it.
This course is very helpful for people who wants to learn or get better at data structures in Python, I highly recommend this.
It is very useful that the following data structures like tuple,list,dictionaries and the assignments are explained very well.
Amazing course for beginners and intermediates because it has some really challenging assignments which are really a fun to do
Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor. Highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn more about Python data structures.
Excellent course! the teacher is very funny and the assignment is very friendly to those have little experience in programming
this video lectures clear all my concepts in data structures in python.This course is very helpful for me ,thanking to you sir
Very very helpful, clear, and appropriately paced.  Very much appreciate the assistance in learning such a valuable new skill.
Best Python course i took so far! Really well organized, the lectures are clear and the assignments really help us to improve.
This is an excellent course! It makes coding accessible and enjoyable. It has motivated me to continue learning more and more!
Fantastic lecture delivered by the best tutor so far. the explanation is from the professional and it is consumed like any API
Thanks for a wonderful class. I feel more comfortable now after finishing 2 out of 5 classes.Looking forward to more learning!
if anybody truely wants to learn and use the data structure using python you are at right place, exercise was really very good
love it! maybe have disccussion session for the homework. Also have more additionl homework so we can practice, but not grade.
Great course for enhancing knowledge of Python and its data structures! Assignments were good and the professor was fantastic!
Very nice explanation to the core and simple with applications. Loving the course and will keep completing all python courses
firstly trying on python for everybody i came here i had felt that content on coursera is more informative and easy to grasp.
Best course for learning python data structure. Great instructor. I think nobody can teach better than Dr.Chuck. Thank you :)
Good assignments and avery well designed exercises ,lectures ,Recommended for those who are starting to make future in python
Thanks you for this wonderful course, it covers the concepts in a detailed and simple manner. The examples are really useful.
I am continuing after finishing course 1 and I'm really satisfied with the structure that each one has, I really recommend it
ITS A GOOD COUSRE BUT IT IS NOT COMPLETE COURSE DATA STRUCTURE .IT IS BASIC COURSE FOR WHO TO BUILD DATA IN DICT ,TUPLE ,LIST
This course helped me to gain a deeper understanding of list, dict, and tuples, as well as to understand  list comprehension.
the course is actually so excellent but the actual course or in-the depth, of course, stars from tuples, dictionary, and list
Very good and well delivered content.Dr. Charles Severance is one of the best instructors I've ever seen. And I've seen many.
Very well structured lectures. More graded exercises will be appreciated. However, it was a wonderful journey with Dr. Chuck!
One of the best for Python hands down. From the teaching methods to the resources provided helps you to solidify your basic .
Excellent class for Python starters. Concise and to the point. Get myself well prepared to resolve real problems with Python.
Great course! Dr. Chuck's video makes everything so clear and interesting. Even beginners can understand the contents easily.
This course digs deeper than the first one. I think it is a nice choice for those who want to start data process with python!
Dr. Chuck is the greatest. this course was just very hard, and even though I did all exercises, I just have so much to learn.
Excellent course..each assignment builds up on the previous one.So the difficulty gradually increases that anyone can handle.
Very good course, part from the basics and is becoming more complex little by little to learn gradually. Totally recommended.
It was delightful to take this course, all the time it is dynamic and easeful to accomplish if you follow the steps. Thanks!!
I'm really enjoying here .. learning Python with these courses and in this specialization is a great and wonderful experience
just a  great course i feel so powerful after this course amazing instructor dr chuck you just make programming for everybody
Very good course for beginners, if experienced people taking the course. A lot of links provided to practice on your own..!!!
Excellent introduction into python would recommend to anybody thinking of automating some of their tasks using simple python.
Excellent course.. really builds up the basics nicely. Easy to follow.. Assignments were quite interesting..Learnt Lots!!! :D
I'm really appreciate it that I can learn this course through coursera, which taught me a lot about python. Thanks very much.
This was very helpful to develop my Python skills. The explanation was really cool. Thanks very much, Dr.Chuck and the team.
Extremely helpful and interesting Courseprof. Chuck is fabulous and I will be seeking for more courses by him in the future.
Very good course for beginners. I strongly recommend this course. Dr Chuck is the best. Thanks Dr Chuck and thanks coursera.
i am so happy with coursera .coursera provide us awesome material and for practice there interested questions also available
Thank you, Dr. Severance, you are a brilliant teacher and you keep making me want to take up more courses and keep learning.
i am glad to take this course.and dr. chunk was really a good lecturer and he is best trainer of this course. Thank you sir.
its a nice course,i have already completed the previous couse python for everybody.Now its more helpful to learn this course
I loved the course. Dr. Chuck is pretty through. I wish there should be more exercises based on lists, tuples, dictionaries.
Really great course. A very good instructor. proper quiz questions and few challenging programming work. I loved the course.
I really enjoying more about python, and this course is extremely helpful for beginners to get basic but important insights.
I'm glad i was able to finish this course. The exercises were Challenging but, gave me a better understanding of the topics.
Charles Severance is a very good teacher and makes it simple for you to learn coding python and what the code do. Thank you!
Great way of learning how to code from scratch and so much more can be learnt from many other courses. Its money well spent!
Dr. Charles Severance is amazing, I love the way he explains the topics and I look forward to talking more classes from him.
This is the best course I took so far (out of 20 I completed).Thanks, Dr. Chuck.PS. Graduation ceremony was really cool!!!))
There is no doubt Mr.Chuck is great at teaching what he KNEW, but as an ambitious learner, I thought we have more to digest.
Such an amazing course. All the concept got cleared in a very easy and perfect way  very happy and satisfied with the course
A perfect place for beginners. The best part  is that each topic is dealt in proper depth and started right from the basics.
I'm happy to follow this course: it's very useful, and easy to understand in many aspects of this fantastic program language
This course is really well planned. After the first course, taking the second one will provide you a lot of info and skills.
Dr. Chuck explained the basic concepts very clearly....An Awesome Professor. I am looking forward to take his other courses.
It's a very nice presentation and a work of hard determination. I'm glad to conduct this course it really helps thoroughly.
Great course! The explanations and examples are appropriate for the level that it is propose. Dr. Chuck is a great teacher.
Prof. Chuck teaches in an animated manner, which keeps me attracted to what he is teaching. Lessons are also easy to grasp.
Course was really helpful. Thank you coursera for helping students like us in these hard times to learn, grow and flourish.
Amazing Content and even more amazing Trainer... One of the best courses for someone looking to start from basics in Python
One of the best course i have done in coursera & that's all due to Dr. chuck methodology of teaching Gratitude to Dr. chuck
good for getting familiar with pyhton data types but actually need to pass other course for practice as hilighted Professor
Great course with very well arranged content. For me a new user to Python, felt easy to get start with this course. Thanks!
it provides enough dimensions headstart any course related to python programming or any other project using python language
This course is great. You will end up learning many things besides what the title suggests. Instructor, Dr. Chuck is great.
In this course i learn about the python data structures .this is very good course and explanation  of each concept is best.
The right place to start for a beginner. Along with the syntax related practical application helped me a lot to understand.
I'm a beginner of programming, but teacher's good lectures and explanation keep driving me ahead. Thanks professor Charles~
Dr. Chuck is wonderful, I highly recommend this for anyone that wants to get started with python or programming in general.
The courses are really really designed so easy and smartly that kids can also play with it.Thanks Coursera.. Thanks Dr Chuk
This course was little bit tough as compared to previous course. But i, learnt a lot while learning this course. Thank You.
Dr. Chuke the lecturer is an amazing lecturer.The program is really practical and exciting when you get the assignment done
Great way of learning through series of well designed and thought through lectures. great experience. recommend everyone to
This really started to pull what we learned in the first course together.I stated thinking of use cases during this course.
This is really great. I have really been taught from the basics. The mentors were so helpful in completing the assignments.
It was quite amazing experience with Python Coding. Thank you Dr. Chuck, only because of him I get deep interest in Coding.
Very good, well structured and explained. I loved the course and its content. I recommend it for who wants to learn Python.
Best course ever, As It not only introduce new concepts but also make themClear with its working exercises and Assignments.
Really useful course, I enjoyed the further learning in Python programming the the amazing instructor Dr. Charles, Thanks.
This course is meant for me. It helps me a lot because I don't have proper knowledge of tuples and dictionaries in python.
Instructor has a great teaching style. Course Content and Exercises are well designed and promote interest in the subject.
The approach that Dr Chuck takes to teaching Python has been the best experience when trying to learn a computer language.
nice for beginners to get the hang of what python is and what it can do overall very knowledge full and easy to understand
A great course with an excellent instructor. Dr. Chuck  is just marvelous. I bet you can't gets bored when he is teaching.
It's really exallant teaching by mr. chunk sir .i understood about the list,tuples and dictionories clearly in this course
I am thankful to the University for offering this course,which is useful for project work.It is a clear step for freshers.
great class, great lecturer.  Accessible to everyone.  I appreciated informing regarding taking more introductory classes.
Another one less. These videos of Dr. Chuck really provide the necessities. I valid. Okay, I'm going to class 3 of python.
This course is very good and appropriate for learners who are new to python and if you have completed the previous course.
Lovely course. Got to learn about dictionaries, list, and tuples. The fundamental bedrock to the topic of data structures.
Thank you so much for your course, the lectures were amazing and the assignment were a good review of the material taught.
Very in depth and the bonuses show insight into a computer programmers life and mindset. It does well as an online course.
Great course with Prof. Severance!Really simple language for those who are not used with programming and full of examples.
Its a great course to get used to python. It has a good past and is duable for someone with no computer science background
I don't think any professor can teach better than Dr. Chuck online, I wish he teaches whatever course I opt for in future.
The teacher is so nice onlinevery kind to share his stories both in study and lifehe had taught us so many useful skills
It was fantastic. I suggest to all students to use book from the course, and to carry out ex in thus book. A lot of thanks
very practical and easy to get the gist. But reading the book is still recommended each time before and after the lecture.
Like the others part of the course... excellent! :). If you want a really good introduction to Python, this is the way ;).
Thanks, Dr. Chuck, for another wonderful course! I can't wait to take the next course in this 5 part series. Bring it on!
This is a great course for getting to know python data structures. Dr Chuck is one of the best instructors in this field.
I like it.The professor is very good, and explain every detail and with thehelp of the book you can learn a lot of python
I got most of the structures of the program components and now i can learn another programming language .Thansk Dr.Chuck.
its an excellent I've learned a lot althuogh i had no previous experience in programming and dr.chuck is a great techear.
absolutely great course !,office hours are very interesting .i am looking forward  to take some more courses on coursera.
I really liked this course and recommend it to all my fellow learners. Thank you Dr.Chuck for this amazing Python course.
An upgrade to the previous course in the Python for Everybody specialisation, delivered with the same consistency. Great!
Very Interesting. Could have been better if more info/challenges provide on other library API's of these data structures.
Great course!  Felt like I learned a lot.  Of course, this is just the 2nd course in a longer series, so I'll keep going.
I loved the way the course was taken and its was great learning experience all together. Thanks a lot Professor Charles !
Dr. Chuck is a great teacher and makes the course easier. I think that for a beginner it can be not so easy to finish it.
Excelent course you may have a perfect introduction with all the resources. Thanks to all the people who make it posible.
Thanks for your teaching!!! This content includes basic python concept, syntax and excises which are batter for beginner.
This was a great course. I've been programming python for a couple of years but still got a lot out of the class. Thanks!
Its already awesome !! I can't see any improvement and yes thanks for providing the pdf book :) it helps in studying fast
I freaking love Dr. Chuck. He breaks down what are very hard-to-grasp concepts in digestible chunks. And he makes it fun!
this is course is very useful if you have interesting in learning new things about your favorite language of programming
Took this class as a refresher course and to practice writing Python scripts.  This class is excellent for this purpose.
The course was very helpful for learning advanced python and I am looking forward to learn new things from same series .
It was very good Programming course and the chuck is very good teacher, he has taught each and every bit from the basic.
Its an amazing course. The organaization of the course is so clear. We could relate all the data structures very easily.
The course was smooth and easy, and the instructor explained the concepts beautifully. Overall, very interesting course!
form non-programming background I came to this course, this course helped me a lot,Teaching was excellent  from my point
A complete course for beginners. Data structures are the heart of Data Science and this course explains it very clearly.
Best course series in python so far. easy to learn through nice video lectures elaborating the concepts through examples
Course structure is articulated well for any beginner in coding or refreshing skills after years in coding.Thanks to All
Brilliantly planned and well executed course, had fun learning some exciting new stuff and listening to the achievers :)
Super course. The professor helps to easily grasp all the topics.. Totally enjoyed while learning though out the course.
interesting course,clear explanationhumorous and cute professor.Highly recommend:learn programming,or at least have fun!
Clear and engaging instructor, explains the fundamentals clearly so that learning is based on logic and not rote memory.
An awesome class. Good presentation with just enough detail to have you learn key concepts without putting you to sleep.
very nice course, great clarity of explanation and assignments given are a great practice to recollect everything taught
Hi Professor Chuck, (P,C)Here is another (P,C) tuple which sums up my experience in your class. Perfect and Captivating.
great course! Learned a lot.  Liked watching the assignment hints AFTER completing assignments to get additional tricks.
Experienced in R, I finished this course in about 5 hours. It is well organised course and clarifies the nuance clearly.
Easy to follow, very well presented course. I really feel like I understand the way Dr. Severance explains the concepts.
This is an excellent course! Great pacing and building upon the foundations established as we move through the chapters.
Charles Severance is a truly exceptional teacher, and the course was outstanding. Really helped me learn python quickly.
If Charles Severance is the instructor, I'm in :D.Yet informative and inituitive course. Glad to enroll in this course.
Really helpful to enhance my understanding of python syntax and assignments are tough enough to require some hard work.
Unbelievable Values presented! Bg Thank You to University, that you stood up and serving th world to be a better place!
I'm very fortunate that i got a chance to learn on coursera . It enhance my concept and my instructor was very cool man
Everything was well explained. The assignments were also up to the mark. Could't have asked for a better Python course.
This is a very interesting course. It is really helpful to get to know the basics of Python and to go on further steps!
This is the best course for Python with the best instructor and best material. It is basically for beginners of Python.
Great course to learn python. The teaching system, the assignments all help to improve a lot. The instructor is awesome
This course is very educational. It helped me to learn about lists, dictionaries, tuples, and accessing text documents.
Very well prepared and taught.Dr. Chucks way of explaining and presenting the topics grants the understanding of them.
Dr. Chuck is a great instructor. Assignments were challenging and helped to further improve and implement the concepts!
very well explained and was assigned with good problems to get to know the applications of these python data structures
This course is excellent. I am taking the whole specialization. The teaching staff is very good at answering questions.
The best course out there to learn Python. Dr. Chuck is amazing and moves through the material at just the right speed.
I loved this course. Especially the assignments. I hope the next course in this specalization would be better than this
Very nice course to understand the working of python and its uses in manipulation of different types of data structures
Dr Chuck is just so much fun. Learning from him is an enchanting experience. This course is great. Totally recommended.
Very useful and the exercises in each chapter are inspiring. I have learned a lot regarding Python through this course.
Great course for beginners, Dr. Chuck explains Python in a way that's very easy to understand, yet still comprehensive!
I thought Dr. Chuck explaining and connected the concepts very well. I enjoyed the lecture, quiz and assignment format.
This is one of the best instructors that I have ever learnt from. Makes it extremely easy to understand complex matters
The best course I've ever taken!! Easy to understand and to work into it!! Lots of informations and very helpful forum.
I really appreciate and enjoy this high quality classes. I have learned a lot in python programming through this class.
What a great teacher.  If you don't know how to program, this is the spot!  Even if you do, it is enjoyable and useful.
One of the best set of courses I have taken, thanks to all the crew, excellent work. I am gonna keep doing the courses
if you wanna be your course fun and effective at the same time! Go on you are on the perfect place! have fun learning!
Great explanation by the professor of key concepts and the built in tool for submitting assignments worked quite well.
Thanx Sir! for such a wonderful session on python data structure. Hope I w'll be able to see you soon in next session.
Chuck is an awesome teacher, he's clear with his teaching and uses great analogies for easier understanding. Loved it!
It is just an Excellent course to me, I learned a lot from this course. I strongly suggest anyone to take this course!
excellent course, making me feel involved all the way from the first lesson to the very last (graduation ceremony :) )
good, lectures are easy to understand, and the homework is good for me to practice and check the knowledge I may miss.
i love the course and also the way they teaches us, i strongly like to recommend everybody to get courses on coursera.
Very interesting, gave me good understanding of the material, would definitely recommend it to friends and colleagues.
I really enjoyed thanking this class. The class structure, and presentation were very good, and made everything compre
Very, very clarifying. Very instructive exercises and efficient interaction among colleagues and mentors in the forum.
The course and assignments are very clear and practical. Enjoyed and learned a lot. Thanks a lot Dr Charles Severance!
it helps me a lot on python data structures, i learnt a lot on list, dictionary, tuple, etc. Many thanks for Dr. Chunk
I like the way this course is introducing new functions and using logic to do programming. Very happy with the course.
Data structures are of great importance to learn Python. I think the courses are understandable to most people. Great.
The course is so wonderful. Students have the opportunity to have an insight into the great data structures of python.
patient and systematic education is really attractive to student who hasn't much experience and concept in programming
I am new to programming in Python and Dr Chuck makes this all very easy to understand.  I am pleased with my progress.
Very good structured and useful, though the pace is a bit fast (or my pace because I finished the Course in two weeks)
Very good courses! Helps me understand the fundamental thing about programming is the algorithms plus data structures!
Very interesting course. Easy to follow lectures and simple task allows to build Python skills step by step.Thank you!
Brilliant lecturer. Good and not boring lectures, clear explanations and excellent lecture slides. Highly recommended.
The X is a Mechanical Engineer. Who is really into the ages of 20. And this course is a new life to himThank you, Dr.
As I'm a new learner about python this course is very helpful to me to learn something new about the python programs.
Loved doing the assignments. This course can improve if they connect jupyter lab or something to help debug the code.
The material was very easy to follow. I highly recommended this course to anyone just getting started in programming.
Mr. Chuck is just an awesome instructor. I guarantee ye'll enjoy this course if you're persistent to learn new skill!
Loved this course. Dr Chuck has always kept videos interesting with his lovely expressions. Loved his teaching style.
Excellent course and Dr Chuck Explain so good which creat more interest in learning the course and attending the quiz
What a wonderful course! Very well-taught and well-structured. The programming exercises were immense fun to work on!
Great course. My only recommendation would be to give more exercises and worked answers to exercises (some, not all).
It was an easy and fun course. I loved it. It's a great way to baby step yourself to programming (at least I hope so)
this course was very easy to understand and was also important for programmers...it was a great experience..thank you
After learning Python on this course, I feel that i know something as to Python especially the potential that it has.
Great exercises...the text book is also easy to understand for a complete beginner like me with no coding experience.
Very practical course teaching basic data structures through series of hands-on text manipulation examples.Excellent.
The way professor Chuck teaches is quite unique,  he always uses great examples making everything more easy and clear
Once again, an informative and engaging course from Dr. Chuck. The bar has increased and looking forward to Module-3.
Great course! When I had problem doing excercises I ran lectures with Dr Chuck, and everything was clear! :-) Thanks.
Thank you professor. I learned well with your explanations! This course make me confident with Python and with fun :)
I loved this Course, for a beginner like me i think it is perfect. Dr Chuck is fun and i really enjoyed his classes.
Dr. Chuck is awesome, his way of teaching is really good and effective, learnt a lot of new things from this course.
This course is very helpful to learn about Python Data Structures. The instructor was really very good and friendly.
Great course!! The assignments were very fun to complete although, they weren't quite as challenging as I had hoped.
Very informative and easy to learn course. Amazing instructor. He has become one of the favourite tutors in my life.
Very well explained course specially the exercises overall had a nice understanding of dictionaries, list and tuple.
Enjoyed a lot, learnt a lot, thank you Dr. Charles Severence. Looking forward to next course in this specialization.
Dr Chuck is the best when it comes to breaking down things so that they are easily understandable. Loved the course.
I further enhance the skills by reading the next chapter. In this course i learn different types of data structures.
It was very interesting course. I came to know variety of things about python and loved to learn these new concepts.
Excellent course to start with python programming !!! If the number of examples is more then it would be beneficial.
You are a great teacher, Chuck. Love your lectures. You helped me and of course millions to learn more about python.
This is probably the best programming course all over internet. Thank you , Dr. Chuck for such a wonderful endeavour
Dr. Chuck is a strong lecturer and course assignments are well laid out. Suggest they add more HW / quizzes. Thanks!
The course was very helpful for me in learning python data structures, it made me undertand it in a very easy manner
if it was not Dr. Chuck i would have never done this course. he is to interactive and that's what a student requires
This course has enhanced my programming skill very much and developed better understanding of python data structure.
Definitely struggled a little with this one, but once again well structured, and planned.  Great job, and thank you!
The lectures were awesome,fun and the book 'Python for Everybody' really helped me to learn quickly and effective;y.
I found this course very interesting and it taught me a lot about Data Structures and Python Programming as a whole.
good to start with this. Lot new things.If someone familiar with C++/Java, comparison helps moving at a faster pace.
Outstanding course. Well explained, very well presented. Nice materials and better teacher. Very happy student here.
Very good and straight forward explanations, this course is really great.Besides the teacher has a very good energy!
Good way to teach the concepts on data structure. Thanks to you for coming up with such a wonderful yet easy course.
Great course by Dr Chuck! Very clear and concise. Challenging assignments but a lot of help in the community forums.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course.  It was just challenging enough, but not too much of a load for a beginner like me.
Well, A nice course in the continuation of the specialization, Though i don't like the tuples but that's my opinion.
Exceptional coverage of data structure for anyone who is new to python. It lays the foundation for future chapters.
This course helped me a lot. I have improved my python programming fundamentals a lot after this particular course.
It is a great course, I learned a lot of things about data structures easily. Now I have to practice and improve (:
It's an awesome in depth analysis on data structures with simple applications to get hands-on experience. Loved it.
A must course to visit and learn about the data structures of python and learning how to work with them on the way.
Great course, after complete the first (Phyton for everybody) course, you need to take this one, you will enjoy it.
The way of teaching is awesome! Thank you professor Chuck for this course and the graduation ceremony at the end :D
a great course with great instructor. thank you coursera team. thank you university of michigan, thank you dr chuck
I have really enjoyed this course.Leveraging the power of lists, dictionaries and tuples to solve complex problems.
The explanations given by sir are really great and simple,and are delivered smoothly making all the concepts clear!
Great course, easy follow, Prof. Chuck is a great lecturer. Learnt so much through this course. Highly recommended.
very well structured course, i hoped to see more advance data structures but ok will go for other advanced courses.
hey... this is the best course i ha ever had. And the instructor is quiet good.i am full  satisfied wth this course
A great way of explaining and sharing the content. Never thought programming can be made this simple to understand!
Love how I can go through this at my own pace. The teaching is clear and the forums are helpful. And it's very fun.
Very good starting point for python enthusiasts. The instructor is very engaging and adept with the subject matter.
Thank you so much sir for the great explination its help me alot in learning python .Thanku you so much Charles sir
It was a great course though i feel if the worked exercises could be broken into small segments it would be better.
I really like it. I have learned about this program which is new for me. I am going to continue with these courses.
It is nice to learn something with Dr. Chuck, not only the Python skills but more about career goals. Thanks a lot!
the course is beautifully designed to work on the basics and lay a strong foundation for datat structures in Python
Excellent course in Python. Thank you for your engaging teachings Dr Chuck, I had a fantastic time learning Python!
Really like the way this instructor lays out the material. Feel like it's giving me a solid foundation to build on.
it was a great course I have learned a lot ,thanks a lot to Michigan University and for professor Charles Severance
This course was slightly advanced than previous one. I do suggest to prepare questions in more simplified language.
I continue to enjoy the courses with Dr. Chuck towards a Python specialization; thank you for creating this course!
Outstanding course and has no equivalence in terms of content, clarity, assessment and pedagogy.Hence, 5 STARS*****
The mentors on the forum are kind to help, but I hope they could be more helpful by directly point out my mistakes.
really helpful course.. and some of the information was not covered anywhere I found on the internet.  I like that.
Audited this course really love it. Wish auditing was a clearer option and was able to mark progress when auditing.
The insight that this course provides has helped me see ways that I can apply Python to some real-world challenges.
Very good course, well designed. The teacher has a very good pedagogy and transmits his passion about programming!
I had fun learning Python Data Structures . The best part was Prof.Charles Russell Severance  'sbrief explanation.
It is an interesting course and the lecture videos were too attractive. Overall I had a great learning experience.
Best python Data Structure Course for beginner. All the concepts are explained taking good examples and questions.
Dr.chuck is really cool guy i must say and his teaching way is really good and different thank you for this course
Content is easy to understand even if you're a newbie. Course materials are readily provided which really helpful.
Very informative and fun course. Much love for the lecturer and all of the parties that made this course possible!
A wonderful course for beginners. It is just outside your comfort zone, which is the best place to learn anything.
Great course, easy to follow, the best explanations of python concepts i've heard, excellent instructor and staff.
Dr. Chuck is so interactive, that the course seems like a child play with some lines of code. Ahh this man is cool
Immensely helpful content to learn python from step by step. But preliminary knowledge in python would be helpful.
This was an excellent course for a beginner programmer. I had no idea that python would be this much fun to learn.
Great course! I really love Dr-Chuck's courses. I didn't feel frustrated in the progress and actually enjoying it.
Best Course EVER!! Very informative and very easy to understand. Excellent delivery from Dr. Chuck!! Many Thanks!!
The course is really and gave a concrete foundation on the data structures available in python and its usage :) :)
I appreciate that the instructor is very helpful and also provides us useful materials to learn programming Python
I really enjoyed the nerdy sense of humor.  I also like how he emphasizes the importance of grasping key concepts.
A good course for data structures in python... Gives a great learning experience with problem solving abilities...
Great course! If you like coding and would like to know more of the fundamentals of Python, then take this course.
I think this course is very interesting and Mr Chuck's teaching  make it very easily to  understand .Thanks a lot.
Excellent! Very easy to follow and with good piece of python knowledge. I would do the tasks a bit more demanding.
This course really explained some not so simple coding in a manner that made it look easy. Very helpful, thanks !
A Great experience, with quite a familiar and student friendly instructor. Thanks a lot sir, for staying with us.
Exceptional teaching by Dr Chuck sir again. Thank you for helping me understanding the basic concepts of  python.
Tuples concept could have been explained more in detail with more examples. The rest of it is too good. Thank you
One of the best courses on Coursera. Really thankful to Coursera for providing us with quality courses like this.
All the material were explained in an easily understandable manner. Enjoyed the course a lot. Thank you very much
Really an awesome course and it provides a lot of knowledge to me about data structures. Thanks a lot Mr.chuck!!!
NICE COURSE ON DATA STRUCTURES.ASSIGNMENTS ARE GOOD TO TEST MY UNDERSTANDING AND SOLUTION CLEAR MY UNDERSTANDING.
the course instructor teaches everything at the best so i could easily get 100% in every quiz /graded assignments
This course is so much amazin. I like the course very much.by the course everyone can easily learn and understoo.
This was a very good introductory course, i like it so much that I finished within a few days after I started it.
It is very good course . The course covers all important topic . Its exercises are also very good and interesting
The way of teaching is very good and the content delivered is also good .Thank you Sir for teaching us very well.
The course is simple to follow while allows you to crack your brain during the assignments. Dr. Chuck is awesome!
the course was interesting yet i didn't like the idea of Bonus videos which was just a waste of time and resource
Dr. Chuck is a great instructor! He absolutely loves what he is doing and imparts his knowledge very effectively!
Good assignments help drive home the point. A week's worth of material if you come from a programming background.
Loved the course.  I will have to practice a lot but cannot believe I worked thru the Assignments without help :)
Thanku very much for this course it is pleasure learning from you and will definately proceed for further courses
Thank you Dr Chuck Severance! I will be going on to continue to the next course in the specialization. Loving it!
Great course to understand the basic principles of programming logic plus PYTHON specifics (list, dictonray, etc)
I love the graduation ceremony and the playfulness that helped me go through the whole course. Thank you so much!
the instructor Dr Chuck is cool, and I am sure i will complete this specialization, he make things so easy ,,,,,,
Excellent course, engaging, a great way to learn Python for those with little or no prior programming experience.
Awesome course for me to follow up as beginning. It is really helpful and Prof Chuck is hilarious and very clear.
A very nicely structured material and approach to teach Python data structures to beginners. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Great course. Covers the different aspects of the python data structures in a concise and easy to understand way.
Great start for Python learning.Especially with Dr.Charles Russell SeveranceVery nice and totally understandable
Challenging exercises and very good lectures. This course gives you the basics of Python powers and applications
Dr.Chuck is simply awesome at teching stuff! Python is taught as easy as putting extra cheese layer in a burger!
One of the best online course I have ever had !! And Dr.Chuck is an amazing teacher !!! Going to miss him too !!
This course has helped me in so many ways that helps me to cope up with all my short comings in the programming.
Super nice instructor and informative teaching. Fun in the learning process too..... (Yong Chiun Huei und Vicky)
Dr.Chuck is an amazing teacher. I got a learn a lot of python in this course and enjoyed the course. Thank You !
The course is really good. The assignments cover almost every topic from the course and professor is really good
Great course as usual. Dr. Charles is an amazing teacher and I'm planning on continuing his course till the end.
I really enjoy the way Chuck does his courses. Also the first time I used the forum for help. Both were helpful.
i understood so many things in a very clear way. I am really thankfull to you for helping me complete my course.
With awesome lectures and assignments, I was able to learn a lot of things from this course.I really enjoyed it!
Very useful, again a very good job made by Charles, teaching data structures with useful examples and practices.
Instructor was superb. He explained everything in vividly. If he covers more concepts then it would be too good.
This course is the best course for beginners who want to understand the basic concepts of Python Data structures
The explanation was amazing and the course content was amazing. A bit more exercises to practice would be great.
Use a simple and effective example to illustrate the relations between different python data structures. Thanks!
Wish I could see the answers on the quiz that I got wrong.  That is my only critique.  Everything else is great.
very interesting to learn. The hands ons are really superb and they makes us to learn concepts more efficiently.
This course is quite helpful to build my concepts of various topics specially lists,dictionary,files and tuples.
Really hard but great course. We have to be very accurate and precise. just a "(" or "[" makes a big difference.
After the First course I was very happy, and that hasn't changed one bit. Charles is great at teaching as it is.
Really excellent course. Great pacing with a really good book (did not watch the videos). The book is fantastic.
Very helpful for people looking to become professional programmers.Very good lecturer and very organised course.
Start simple, but actually gets into enough details. Don't forget to read the book, not just watch the lectures.
Excellent lecture material and ofcourse an amazing instructor as well.Thanks to Dr. Chuck and the Coursera team!
Dr.chuck is great! I've learned so many things about dictionaries, tuples, lists, and how to deal with files...
Easy to understand eventhough I didn't have any background in python but it became easy because of the lecturer
As usual, Dr. Severance makes learning Python quite a fascinating and practical experience! Will be continuing.
It was really great course for the developers and programmers either for freshers and or for advanced developer
The course is amazing! Dr Chuck is amazing. And the weekly quizzes and assignments help me consolidate as well.
it was very interesting course for learning python and it is useful for all of them who knows python or doesn't
As a medical student interested in health informatics, I find this course engaging and easy to follow. Love it!
Good course for those who want to start learning python.Instructor teaches from basic and in a very simple way.
It was a wonderfull course with a funny, wise and good teacher. I learnt a lot and want to learn more and more.
Dr chuck is an excellent professor.the bonus videos proved very interesting and informative. Thank You Sir ! :)
t I need more excericse to practice what I have learn. I would suggest to set up more assignments for learners.
Wonderful Teaching by the Professor Chuck. Thanking you for providing such a valuable courses for free of cost.
I am thankful to Sir Charles Severance for his way of teaching and delivering these courses in a very easy way.
Another awesome course with Dr.Chuck. Recommending for everyone who wants to learn about python data structure.
good course, I learn python data structures such as string, dictionary, tuples ......it is easy to study python
This is really helpful, though for me it can be a little hard  to master the whole thing. I will keep learning.
Great Course !!! Recommended if you want to learn programming with strong fundamentals with practical approach.
Excellent to have an overview on how to manipulate the data from files with the lists, dictionaries and tuples.
it was wonderfully taught by Mr dr. chuckles I loved it the way sir  has taught  i have gained so much from him
It was great learning various python data structure. Nicely taught by Dr. Chuck. I had a pretty good experience
Very helpful and well planned,structured and taught course. Keeps one engaging enough and challenging at times.
Thank you for your time. Im starting to build confidence in writing python programs and it will grow gradually.
very very amazing course and contents is extremely useful  thanks to professor Chuck and all coursera community
A very well planned course for the intermediate programmers. For better understanding  one must do the Course 1
Simple, but comprehensive course that introduces into Python concepts. I particularly liked the practical part.
Thank you for a good course! It was a bit easy but anyway very useful. I'll go ahead with you. Thanks one more!
This continues to be a stellar introduction to programming. Thank you for all of your hard work and good humor.
Great course. Along with Part 1 of this, you learn all of the basic programming commands, loops, functions, etc
Amazing course with lucid explanation of each and every concept by Dr. Chuck.Loved studying through the course.
really nice second part. understood the difference between list, dictionary, tuple and how to use them. thanks
Very Complete course and the explanations and assignments are perfect for develop your data skills with python
Dr. chuck was awesome.I didn't bore anytime and learnt new things in data structure that i didn't know before.
It was a great experience to learn. He not only made course easily understandable but also fun while learning!
Well-paced and thorough intro to Python data structures. Learned a lot of basics as well as useful techniques.
Great introductory course with well paced video lectures and relevant assignments. Really enjoyed this course!
EXTREMELY WELL EXPLAINED and easy to understand way of teaching. Thrilled to have had Dr Chuck as our teacher.
Excellent .Course if you are a beginner and wanna learn python collections like tuple, dictionaries and lists.
I was beginner and it helps me a lot to learn the basics of data structures.Very nicely covered up the topics.
It was really a fun course. Dr. Chuck is very cool professor. Looking forward to taking more courses with him.
The course structured very well and Professor Charles Severence has explained the concepts in complete detail.
Dr.Chuck is the best instructor I have seen so far. Thank you for being so good at explaining the programming.
Great effort by sir Charles I just want to say thanks for creating such a great course not getting me board:).
The course was very useful. I have developed interest in programming and learned the basic of data structures.
Amazing Teacher who really work hard to teach us not by repeating things but by explaining them in a write way
A great course to build up o the basics and essential skills of programming. Dr Charles is an awesome teacher.
I have enjoyed this course.I had learnt a lot of things in it which are beneficiary for me. Thanks to coursera
Very very helpful in learning python.....Thank you for giving us such a great course...Thank you once again...
Impressed with how much I learned and was able to apply right away.  Great for anyone wanting to learn Python.
An excellent introductory course to data structures. I feel much more confident using dictionaries and tuples.
I'm really into the practical teaching of this course. Learning by solving specific problem is very effective.
Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera for giving me this great opportunity to step into a totally new area smoothly
Dr. Chuck has a great sense of humor. And he's the one with the most passion for online course I've ever seen!
found this one a little more challenging at times but was ble to get by with help from my peers on the Forums.
I love the professor (Even if he is in Slytherin :D ) . He explains concepts well and his analogies are funny.
Good introductory course to Data Structures in Python. Concise and straightforward explanation of the content!
Great follow-up from first course. Definitely needed if you're interested in continuing to learn about Python.
As I assumed, this course helped me a lot and now i feel ready to take the next course. Thank You dr Chuck! ;)
Dr. Charles Severance is an awesome online teacher.I'm enjoying the course and have promoted among my friends.
This course continues on the amazing explanations in basics of python which was started from the last course.
Excellent course, everything is clear and correctly explain. I am really happy to be able to take this course
This is a very good course for learning python Awesome!!!Kudos to Chuck Severance for being a wonderful guide
I loved the course. And the content the main part that makes it better is extra content Dr.Chuck is providing
Like to first course, enjoyed this too. It helped me to enhance my skill set and boost my confidence. Thanks.
Its good to learn for beginners. I enjoyed a lot to do programming in Python after completion of this course.
It is a very good introductory course for Python programming language. Thank you very much for your lectures.
Dr Chuck is great . he is  really really a very good instructor . looking forward to do more courses with him
Great Course Really  Liked the Challenging Coding Assignment...Keep It Up..I am glad to enroll in this course
Very well structured course with assignments and quiz which are appropriately testing the acquired knowledge.
Absolutely fantastic course for the beginners to start learning the python programming language from scratch.
It's a fantastic addition to the first python course. I am very happy to finish and ready for new challenges.
As I said about the previous one, this is a great course and an even better teacher. Thanks again, Dr. Chuck!
Was quite a confusing few concepts, but learned it well with practice assignments and rewatching some videos.
I absolutely learned a lot and for the first time, i feel like I can become pretty good at Python Programming
Coursera is best online learning platform with very great teaching staff.Thanks to Dr. Chunk for his efforts.
Great course for beginners.  It is essential material for anyone looking to build an understanding of Python.
Really great course, lots of great information on the different data structures and example code to use them.
Interesting course.  I enjoyed this one as much as the first. Can't wait to do the next in the 5 part series.
Its really beneficial for a beginner like me who does not have any previous background regarding programming.
Fantastic class! The material struck just the right balance between being challenging and still approachable.
Understood the basics of  python till data structures of python.the sessions were good.quick n easy learning.
Excellent beginner course covering essential data structures: strings, files, lists, dictionaries and tuples.
Carefully introduce you the key points step by step. And then you can start to learn the details by yourself.
Excellent course and well taught.This is my second course i completed first is getting started with python.:)
The course was well taught. I learnt how to work with stuffs like List, Dictionary, Files, and so many more.
i specially want to thank our teacher Charles Russell Severance for providing such a excellent course to us.
Excellent course to give people the Python programming skill and encourage people to continuously learning!!
A must-do course for all the python learners out there. The instructor knows very well to explain the topic.
i have learned a lot through this. It was a great experience. Thank you so much sir for teaching us so well.
I learn many things in very simple way. I love the way  he is teaching and i assignments are also very good.
I am looking forward to take other courses from Dr.Chuck. I strongly recommend this course to the beginners.
Basic of python programming and data structure explained. Good for people looking to begin with programming.
Very engaging explanations and easy to follow videos and course material. It makes starting with Python fun!
Nice course and I learned a lot. A little bit harder for me compared to other courses in the specialization.
very nice and crisp course learnt lot basic structures of python as well as some high level concepts as well
Got to learn a lot of new things in this course. Looking forward to the other courses in this specialization
Great introduction to data structures in Python. Much more challenging than the first course but just right.
The course gives you the basics need to develop data structures knowledge and skills in python. I recommend!
The basics of Data Structures namely String,List,Dictionary, and Tuple were explained very well by Dr Chuck.
this course help me to consolidate the basic of the previous courses, giving the opportunity of identified m
Love this series, completed this 2nd course and looking forward to next :) thank you for this great resource
A wonderful course to learn programming from very basics to optimum level.Dr Chuck, you are a great teacher.
Awesome course in which every single basic details about some of the building blocks of python is explained.
Dr. Chuck is very passionate and interesting. I enjoyed the course very much. I'd like to take more classes.
Great course. Prof. Severance is a great teacher. H explains all the topics with clarity and great examples.
This course is very useful. Professor explain every concept and coding details very clearly. So much thanks!
It has been a pleasure in following through the lectures and completing the assignments. Thank you Dr Chuck!
Excellent course on Python DS. Very clear and appropriate for beginners and intermediate python programmers.
It is an amazing experience..thanks a lot coursera and Dr. Chuck for this course .. Now onto the next one.!
Dr.Chuck is the best  teacher of python Thank you so much sir for your guidance!Hope to meet you in-person!
Dr. Chuck is amazing! No more words. He's just the best teacher out there if you want to code in Python! :)
Great lecture series and superb exercises to brush up the skills. Thank you Coursera and Professor Charles.
Dr.chuck is the best programming teacher i've ever worked with, learned so much. Thanks for the opportunity
It was awesome to learn Python Data Structure and it was wonderful explanation. and a wonderful experience.
After the 1st course, you have to continue with that one to increase your skills and learnings about Python
best course available online on Python data structures wish Professor covered Linked List and Trees as well
Great course! I learned so much and feel really optimistic about furthering my knowledge of Python as well.
It was a wonderful course. It a great course for beginners in programming. Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher.
Dr. Chuck's video lectures are amazing. Assignments are quite challenging. Loved the entire course content.
It was good enough and Mr.Chunk is a great lecturer.I found a good interest in this course with excitement.
The course is absolutely good for beginning students of programming  . The instructor is great in teaching.
This is a fantastic course that will practically equip you with the fundamentals needed in data structures.
sessions were excellent. understood all concepts thoroughly.Each and every basic concept was taught nicely.
Perfect course for the students who wants to learn python data structures.gives more eg to clear the doubt.
Dr.Chuck really simplified the concepts of python programming and made data structures really fun to learn!
The class materials are really fun, especially Dr. Chuck teaching in an easy understanding way. Thank you!!
i completed this course and learn a lot of new  things the instructor of this course have a great knowledge
The course by Dr. chuck is an awesome experience with his teaching skills and motivational talks every weak
Excellent Course #2 with Dr. Severance. I'm looking forward to the remaining courses in the specialization.
In this second course, I learnt a bit more about python, the difficulties increased but it only excited me.
As We proceed this gets more amazing at every step, that's the beauty of python!This was an amazing course!
Very great lecturer. The course is arranged logically. Assignment was of great help to apply the knowledge.
It's a great class. The instructor is humorous and he guides students to learn programming language easily!
Many thanks to Professor Chuck and the University of Virgina for completing this course, excellent content!
Highly recommended this course. Dr Chuck just make the learning process of python much more easier and fun!
The professor shared the study life with his students and I think it makes the course even more interesting
A good course for beginners. Explains all the basic data structures of python in efficient and easy manner.
Love this course! Right sized content, with adequate explanations. Thanks a lot to Prof. Charles Severance.
Superb Experience . Got to learn a lot including the basics as well as some critical concepts very lucidly.
As with the rest of his courses, Dr Chuck delivers excellent lectures to understand Python Data Structures.
Another excellent course, this was by far the most enjoyable experience I've ever had with online learning!
covers the important concepts in python , data structures their importance in an data analysis perspective.
Amazing course. Very little space for improvement here.Well done Dr Chuck and thank you for teaching me :-)
My second finished course on Coursera! Can not believe that several months ago I was afraid of programming!
Very helpful course and nice assignments and quizzes. Teaching in a very easy to understand way. Thanks Dr.
Very good course. very Informative. I never felt so comfortable on python basics before.Thanks Dr. Chuck :)
Everyone should take this course after completing the first course of Python for Everybody specialization.
very good course again very well constructed and helpful for beginners as well and an excellent instructor
I really wanted to thanks The instructor.The way of teaching is really amazing,its easy for understanding.
superb content and teaching stylei am now a big big  fan of Dr.charles , i look up to be like him someday!
Dr Chuck has exceptional teaching skills and at graduation in last week i am inspired to learn more python
This course is very good for every person who want to learn basics of python and begin a career in python.
This is the best python course i have ever had and the concepts have been taught in a very much simple way
the course is so good as i studied basic from coursera it help me in this course to complete in less time.
Very good format, materials. Very good instructor. Great introduction to Python for beginning programmers.
A little bit tough for me than previous one but finally completed it and learned all the stuffs!!!Enjoyed.
It is a excellent course where you can learn about string, file, lists, dictionaries and tuples in Python.
Very helpful course. Not too easy, nor is to too hard. Just about challenging, and easy to follow as well!
Enjoyed taking this course. Very insightful. Progression based on previous courses made it easy to follow.
If you want to get real world experience with python built-ins this course is the one to get started with.
Great class and follow-on to Python for everybody. Material is presented clearly and at a reasonable pace.
You can learn more perspective about data structure in python.The professor illustrate concepts very clear
I really really enjoyed this course. Dr.Chuck is the best faculty. awesome course and yes I learned a lot.
Very informative second course for advancing the knowledge in Python. Presented in a very succinct manner.
Excellent tutorials on the difference between lists, dictionaries, and tuples, and how to manipulate them.
I couldn't be craving for learning about Python more than now !thank you Mr. Severance you are the best <3
Very good introduction to the most used data structures in Python such as lists, dictionaries, and tuples.
Its a very educative course, Dr Chuk make a great job into introduce us on Python, i'm happy to make this
It was Great learning with Instructor Charles Russell Severance. Thank you for teaching Basics of python.
After learning this course, My understanding of Python is getting better and better.Continue to work hard
Great learning opportunity and helped a lot with my understanding of programming. Absolutely love Python!
Best instructor , I am looking forward to complete specialization only because of him. Explains very good
Excellent course by Dr ChuckAn extraordinary introduction to the various basic data structures in Python.
best course ever and the instructor from my side is really one of the best @DR.CHUCKTHNKS FOR THIS COURSE
Great intro course! The instructor presents contents so clearly that it makes them easy to follow though.
It's the best course I have had. I recommend to people who has experience in programming and who has not.
Overall it is a very useful to me But as the course gets going on the difficulty level has been increased
Thank you the lectures and resources that they have provided like auto grader tool was amazing.Thank you.
As always it was a great experience. Dr. Chuck, he is the most awesome teacher & instructor in the world.
This Course is very good for Beginner level. Teaching and Assignments in this course is very interesting.
It was an amazing course.It is my second course.My instructor Dr Charles Severance's teaching is so good.
Amazing lecturer! I loved how easily I went through the course. I'm glad to have a teacher like Dr.Chuck!
Love this course very much, help me get through with many important topics while programming with python!
I enjoyed  this course  due  to excellent  teaching  and  I came  to know about various  data  structures
I loved this course .... i started its 3rd course already......our instructor is so good and awesome.....
Thank you! Dr. Chunk is the great instructor! I understood the basic concept and code in Python. Amazing!
Best Course for people who don't have a Major in CS. Very understandable and easy to grasp for beginners.
A great tutor! And with the pace increasing I'm looking forward to the next course in the spezialization!
Really good course ,I think one of the best courses teaches a lot of key features and basics of Coursera.
Courses are well organized and exercise is also well designed to help us understand the function quickly.
If you don't have any experience in programming, that is a great course for you. I enjoyed it. Thank you!
A great course and awesome instructor Mr.Charles Severance and also Big thanks for University of Michigan
Best course to get yourself familiarized with Python Data Structures.Dr Chuck has a great teaching style.
Excellent, I just loved it. Step by step explanation of concepts really helped me to sail through. Thanks
I understood going through lines and splitting it for a better use of the data like counting and sorting.
Another great course with Dr Chuck. Always entertaining and engaging. A brilliant way to learn.Thank You!
A bit more challenging than Course 1 but still a good course. On to course 3. Thanks to all the advisers.
Simply amazing. Well thought-out and fun too. A good starting point for anyone looking to get into python
Everything was so well explained! Excellent course! Thank you Dr Chuck and Coursera for made this course.
Great to have the underlying intuitions of Python. Hope it will help me to progress in Machine Learning.
class was really awesome... sir teaches well... i understood each and every line of program... i love it
This course is a must, if you want to understand the different ways to create data structures in Python.
Really easy to understand and super interesting course to learn. Thank you Mr. Charles Russell Severance
Great experience while doing this cource. each and every concepts will be clear after doing this cource.
A really informative course with a very good pace for beginners to learn but not get lost along the way!
It's a really good course. I learned a lot!. I'm more than happy with what this course turned out to be.
Best course on proceeding from being a beginner to professional in Python throughout the whole Internet.
I am very happy with the teaching and the content. Some more assignments would further help us practice.
Dr. Chuck is the best instructor. He has the ability to explain hard or difficult things in simple ways.
It is very good course to learn about the data structure in python and their applications in real world.
It was a great experience with Dr. Chuk. He is a great teacher. I enjoyed learning the course materials.
Excellent course. I would recommend this to any beginner who wants to start learning python programming.
Dr Chuck's explanations of the material are superb. The sample projects are empowering. Very good class.
Thanks, the University of Michigan and Coursera and of course, dear Professor Charles. Well done. Bravo.
Great course! Dr Charles Severance explains everything wonderfully, so anyone can understand. Thank you.
Beginner-friendly lecture videos. Assignments are really good. It makes me explore deep into the topics.
Such a great and simple Course to learn and understand the data structures of python in such a easy way.
Detailed explanation of the concepts , but would like to more practice sessions which helps to expertise
This course is so great, I have learned a lot from the professor. Thanks, be frankly, it's very helpful.
I really like how the course is organised. I can feel how I am getting better in programming. Thank you!
I love this course. The instructor, the material the pace and the assignments and approach is all great.
Very well explained topics....i highly recommend taking this course to anyone from beginner to expert...
Faculty is awesome. He explained all concepts in a very lucid fashion. Highly impressed with the course.
Absolutely helpful for the ones that try to learn Python !!! All information needed given in simplicity!
Very good instructions, interesting problems and and a really good foundation for programming in Python.
In my opinion, this course provides good insight into python data structure, and is taught in great way.
A great intro into the world of Python.It's great for everyone looking to do data analysis using python.
The quality of the course is awesome, the material is very solid and professor Chuck is a very didactic.
This course is difficult than the 1st course. But, that was cool for me learning about data structures.
Damn this course is awesome.!! thanks chuck i got to learn a lot of things from you, its all valuable.!
It was really a good experience to study easily these programes.I could learn many important programes.
This is a great course and helps a lot in building the basic foundation and getting started with python
Amazing experience. Very beginner-friendly course. Must recommend the course to all learners of python.
Excellent course if .u want to learn something new and its very exciting as well. Must take recommended
Beautifully constructed. Can't do away the role of Dr Chuck in making the course equally comprehensive.
this is even more interesting than the part 1. I am glad that I am learning the new concepts over here!
Best course for the beginners and I must say Dr.Chuck is one of the great professors I have ever known.
I had given up learning python for many times, but this time, I made it! Interesting to get start with!
I really like this course. It's easy to understand. And I can teach my students based on these courses.
I learned all the building blocks of Python Data Structures. Thanks  Dr. Chucks for such a nice course.
Thank you! Amazing course. I love how it all comes together in the end. Can't wait for the next course!
Extremely useful course on the fundamentals and useful patterns of working with Python Data Structures.
Good lecturer by Charles. Teaching is clear and comprehensive. It builds good foundation for beginners.
I like the course very much. The teacher is funny and his explnation is very clear. Very useful course.
This lectures are good and they are easy to understand the python programming n=and syntax conventions.
Dr. Chuck' course are always fun and informative, the course has an accessible level and it'snot boring
I have many things learnt from this course.Thank you Michigan to make this avail ...Thank you Mr. Chuck
fun content and easy to learn. The difficulty of the assignment is in the right ratio, I like it a lot.
An excellent follow-up course that provides one with immediate familiarity with python data structures.
Great class and even greater instructor. He knows how to explain concepts in easy to understand pieces.
I really like how Dr. Chuck make the programming isn't as scary as it used to be. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Perfectly designed classes, class materials, and assignments. I can comfortably recommend this course.
Great beginner class. Prof knows how to manage the distance learning situation and makes it enjoyable.
Good explanation and well planned out course. Great for beginners to pick up on the essence of Python.
Awesome course!! The instructor explains every concept in detail making this course beginner friendly.
I highly recommended these course for understand the real potential of strings and dominated in python
Loved Dr. Chucks friendly attitude and sober professionalism. Really helped me strengthen my concepts.
A great course, clear explanation and the assignment will let you have a clearer idea about each topic
DR Chuck is a great teacher for learning Python. Thoroughly enjoyed the course, learned a lot from it.
It was a very helpful course and teaching method was amazing. The coding problems were interesting too
Really getting excited... Learnt a lot about python basics..... And aslo the instructor is so good....
This course is very easy and comfortable for beginners if they have already done Python for everybody.
Dr. Chuck is a great instructor. I feel really confident after completing this course. I am loving it.
Dr Chuck is a wonderful person to learn python from.So stick with him for the better things to come by
This course was well organized and contents were delivered in a wonderful manner. Got more confidance.
Dr.Severance is amazing.Looking forward to take more courses on Python under his guidance on Coursera.
Already in love with the course, building deeper understanding! Love the instructor's way of teaching!
This course is very practical and fascinating!I love this class and the professor's style.Many thanks.
This makes me creating more affection towards python. As a beginner i keep learning through experience
This is absolutely great. The quiz at the end of the chapters and the exercises at the end are helpful
Awesome class! Best online experience I've had. If you want to learn Python, this is the way to do it.
Thanks a lot it was very useful am sure it'll the professor sir teached  in a very well way thanks sir
It is one of the best course available online for learning Python Data Structures. Kudos to Professor.
course contents are very usefull and put through in very interesting way ! loved the way of teaching .
Very good teaching skills .Prof. makes thing look so easy the way he explains the concepts is pleasing
Great course. Dr Chuck is a great techer. Easy to understand eventhough you have no experence before!!
Quite practical and have learned a lot from it. Have good access to well built-in functions in Python.
I benefited a lot! Thank you very very much!Hope to see more useful classes like this one in Coursera!
Thanks for all examples and assignment questions. Now I am very confident with Python data structure !
Straightforward assignments and clear guidance in the videos make this course an enjoyable experience.
Really awesome!After this course the computer works for me... instead of i'm working with the computer
Great introduction to programming and learning about Python data structures like lists, dicts, tuples.
Absolutly beautiful! This course is worth 6 stars, by unfortunally only 5 are available. So 5 stars :)
This course is great. Very easy to understand explanations of everything and the professor is awesome.
Fantastic course! Great teacher, clear explanations and good examplesI suggest this course, 5 stars!!!
Fun way to learn programming in python.The teacher  has an enjoyable  down to earth style of teaching.
I loved the course and it was taught wonderfully. Definitely one of the best professors I've ever had.
it's vary useful course and devolop my skill , i think this course useful to build base in programing
i simply loved DR CHUCK style of teaching and i ve enjoyed the course and learning.Thank you DR CHUCK
Very good course for people with little or none coding knowledge. Dr. Chuck is a great asset from UM!
Great course, simple and informative, anyone with interest in programming can benefit from taking it.
Loved the course, loved the way of teaching. Have made proper notes and proper practice done. Thanks.
Great session again.Thanks Dr Chuck. Overwhelmed by the motivation that you pass during the sessions.
WEll as always..Love his way of teaching.I am ready to continue this course.Thank You very much Sir .
excellent course ...Thanks a lot chuck for your motivation ..This course helps me a lot in many ways.
The course content was excellent, simple, concise yet, explanatory. Great teaching by the instructor.
Its an excellent course. Dr. Chuck is extraordinary in his explanations. I really enjoyed the course.
The course is great. I learned a lot. Professor Charles is amazing in terms of explaining everything.
Great for starters. You don't come across this type of engaging and interactive course anywhere else.
Very informative and beginner friendly. Dr. Chuck is a very nice man who truly wants to teach people.
Such easy to follow instructions and examples. Thanks a lot. This is my favourite course in Coursera.
the course was great and very easy to understand. this course helps me to improve my python language.
this is great course , explain every detail about data structure , also give u space to practice well
This class is so helpful for me. But I hope i could gain an certificate after i completed the course.
Great course. Great instructor. The free textbook is also awesome. I really learned it. Thanks a lot.
Excellent tutorials with hands on exercises to grasp concepts for experienced as well as newbie coder
It's a very good course. Well explained. Dr. Severance is very energetic and encouraging. I loved it.
Amazing course. Easy to follow and really good assignments. The professor really did a fantastic job.
dr charles severance is an awesome teacher and this course took my python knowledge to another level.
I never knew I would love to hate Tupels! j/kin ;) Love these courses... Cannot wait to be certified!
Excellent course. Thanks Dr. Chuck and all the staff for taking the time to answer all the questions.
Again, FANTASTIC course on Python. Super clear explanations. Great pace. Love this series of courses!
Dr Chuck is simply the best when it comes to teaching Python in the simplest and most meaningful way!
An excellent course, really is python for everybody. If you want to learn python you have to take it.
Well-paced, and pitched at just the right level. Thank you so much for creating such quality content.
It is the perfect course to introduce in the Python's world with files, list, dictionaries and tuples
the second part of python course its fantastic go for it....!i am very happy and satisfy with this..!
Thank you Dr.Chuck, two weeks age, I know nothing about programming.Now, I'm a fundamental pythoner ~
Fantastic course, easy to understand and yet challenging enough to reinforce and apply lessons taken.
Everything is crystal-clear, dr Chuck is a type of person that is easy to listen to. Time well spent.
Super easy instruction to get your feet wet with Python Programming and general programming concepts.
Exceptional teaching. The exercises really helps in understanding the materials taught in the video.
Very nice course by UM.  Thank you for having such a wonderful professor and course. Perfect course.
I got to learn quite a few interesting things about python and now I am starting to get a hang of it
An Amazing course. I love the Professor's humor and light-heartedness, makes it easier for learning.
A great instructor with great explanation add much more knowledge about lists,dictionary,tuples,sets
It's really amazing  course by dr chuck his explanation is amazing and understandable. Thank you sir
This was really great course. Helped me alot to learn from the scratch about python data structures.
It's amazing and really I am happy for completing this course with Dr. Chuck sir. Thank you so much.
Amazing and fun instructor.Dr. Chuck is a really good teacher and I'm lucky I got to learn from him.
Dr. Chuck you are the best...Very well explain every concepts of Data Structure and liked so much...
excellent course which makes us better in handling data structures in python after learning course 1
The Tutor in this course is really good, and you will understand each and every concept really fast.
Very Detailed Explanation by the instructor.Each and very part of this course will keep you engaged.
Lectures perfectly delivered. Dr Chuck always makes sure the basic concepts are properly understood.
Very interesting, very positive, very motivating. Take it if you want to start learning programming.
A wonderful instructor, a wonderful material and assistance. a little bit challenging and inspiring.
very good and elaborative lessons on Python data types.The Dictionary & tuples part was really good.
Again, Chuck made this course super interesting! And thank you for the awesome graduation ceremony!!
It's Cool and perfect source..It's enough but learners should dig into deep while they are learning.
Nice coverage of a central task in programming. Accessing and manipulating data and data structures.
I like this course very very much. I learnt a lot from this . COURSERA  is the best to learn PYTHON.
Charles is a phenomenal teacher and the course is structured in a way that makes it very digestible.
being learning this courses, I have spent nearly one entire day to finish, but I think it is worthy.
A detailed explanation with examples. The mentor was good. But there is always room for improvement.
Very good and structured. A little too basic, I would have more applying examples in data analytics.
Very good run through of the key basic data structures. Gives platform to go and investigate further
Great course. I have been programming with python for a while but I learnt so much from this course.
Excellent course structure and appropriate level of difficulty, thanks for everything in this class.
It's a very good course. I learn more about this lesson here. Thanks for  the teacher in this lesson
The beauty of python lies in it's simplicity. Chuck makes even more beautiful with his presentation.
Perfect and smooth for new learners. Great videos and explanations. Thank you very much from Mexico!
Nice and made easier. Thanks to professor. Please arrange some office hours in Lawrence, Kansas too.
Awesome course. Thanks for making possible to acquire so much knowledge in such easy way. God bless.
Very interactive course can get novices on their path to become a "pythonia" as our tutor would say.
Excellent course, you learn a lot, you need think a lot you will improve your creativity and logics
Excellent Python course! I really recommend this course to every people who are starting in Python.
Very challenging (For a beginner) but rewarding. Well thought out and taught but Charles Severance.
It was a really interesting course with Dr.Chuck. Just love how easy he makes it to learn all this!
the way of explaining is really good. Materials are also provided with good understanding txt book.
Wonderful instructor, very organized course materials. Best way to kick start learning programming.
Course is very good and well explained by the Instructor. I will suggest this course to my friends.
The teacher is a real comunicator and has the skills and ability to "transfer" the knowledge to us.
More operations on lists should be included. The course jumped through alot of topics in list part.
As expected, an amazingly well-crafted course by Dr. Chuck. I'm starting the next one and way to go
Great course for learning Python. Loved the instructor, the exams,assignments and all the contents.
This is an absolutely interesting and pratical course. I feel so happy to be involved in it.Thanks!
Lectures are slow but assignments are great way to learn though bit difficult for beginners like me
it's grate learning Data structures in Python, also I should come back and review this course again
The assignments are more challenging than the course of Getting started with Python. Really helpful
Good course materials and study techniques to help amateur people learn Python programming language
Straightforward, engaging and practical with real-world examples. Value for money (and time) spent!
Dr.Chuck is definitely one of the best teachers you can have for an refreshing learning experience!
Exceptional videos as well as the Assignments were really relatable to each of the concepts taught.
Dr. Chuck made it very engaging and comprehensible lectures. I would highly recommend this course!!
Excellent! Enjoyed this class! Professor Chuck made this course handful and exciting. Thanks a lot!
Very Informative...Looking forward for next courses on Python with data structures and algorithms!!
This is the second course in python specialization. Dr. Chuk has explained all details very nicely.
Dr. Chuck it's so great as a teacher. These series of courses are getting bette. Highly recommended
Excellent course, excellent materials, excellent format and excellent professor!  Thanks Dr. Chuck!
I did learn a lot from this lesson, I really hope to continue the python  learning for even longer.
Thanks to the professor, I learned a lot in this course . It is really a pleasant trip with Python.
Programming became soo easy after going through the lectures and assignments. Great Work Dr. Chuck!
Phenomenal course!  love the pace, the content, the structure and the delivery.  Truly outstanding.
Dr.Chuck Rocks. It was an amazing course. Thanks for teaching it so smoothly and making it so easy.
Amazing professor and usage of very innovative techniques of teaching with proper flow of concepts
It's really really useful for me to learn python programming!!!The hole courses are interesting!!!
This is best experience of my lifetime. The exposure and knowledge is quite amazing.Thank you Sir.
It was great course than I expected. Special thanks to you Professor Charles Russell Severance. :)
Good content! Better way of explanation!Overall, another great course from Dr Chuck. Thanks a lot!
Totally Enjoyed the course ,amazing knowledge, and a Super cool instructor just makes it more awsm
Amazing course with an amazing instructor who has a compelling way of explaining all the concepts.
coursera is the best online course platform, with this website i can learn everything about python
I DIDNT REALLY KNEW ABOUT ANYTHING IN PYTHON BUT AFTER THIS 2 COURSE I LEARNT A LOT THANKS TO THIS
Amazing course content and interesting instructor. I felt no any regret to take this right course.
Indee, Very happy with Mr.Chucks training and reviewing system. Would love to learn more from him.
Dr Chuck is great. I really understand concepts very well. Thank you Dr Chuck, Thank you Coursera.
I have gained lots of knowledge about data types in Python and I will use them in my future career
awesome experience learning this course . i felt very connected with chuck ,he is  a great teacher
First of all, the classes are really really good. Easy to follow.A nice experience for  beginners.
Step by Step, Structured teaching method with constructing challenges in assignments and exercises
It was very interesting and fun to learn with Dr.Chucks one of the best best teachers I would say.
I've found very few teachers to be as enthusiastic and helpful as Mr Severance. Loved this course.
This course has made me confident in learning python and implementing it in my real life programs.
The instructor, Dr.Chuck and the course were perfect.I am so happy to complete this course.Thanks.
Great course! Even I have to struggle to get the excercise done, but Dr. Check is a great teacher!
this course is best for beginners,thanks for making such a wonderful course and thanks to dr.chuck
I would rate this course a perfect 5/5. Charles has explained the topics very well. Thank you sir.
The course was amazing. The concepts were holistic and comprehensive in approach. I learned a lot.
Be hard working u will learn a lot. It is so good course with wonderful professor see u next part
This is the best ever course and this is my second course, and I  really thanks to Mr. Severances.
Amazing stuff, I'm loving this specialisation and really feel like I'm making progress with Python
If you are new to programming and want to learn python then this is the best place to learn python
Professor Chuck is a great teacher who has made learning python very interesting and entertaining.
A Nice and easy introduction to data structures for people with no prior experience in programming
exceptional MOOC with excellent lectures and exercises.  this must be the best way to learn python
Well structured Python course, enjoyable, aimed at beginners and likely to be useful to improvers.
Even better than the first course! Things start to make sense and you begin to connect everything.
Thank you Dr.Charles for your amazing course and I am sure it will make a huge difference for me .
This is a comprehensive course and it makes you able to create your own data structures in python.
Just don't forget the book recommended in the first course print out. That's Billy Kid's backpack.
Python Playground won't acknowledge my completion, but otherwise easy to understand and comprehend
it's an amazing course structure by the professor and whatever they are studying is also very good
Thanks for everything you are doing for the coding community, Chuck. You are a phenomenal teacher!
This is an awesome course! Just hard enough to keep you thinking but possible to finish and learn.
Dr. Chunk's course is very clear and funny,I love this course and I hope you guys will enjoy this.
Thank you very very much Mr.Chuck, you're such an amazing instructor, I wish you the best in life.
Brilliant Tutorials and Perfect examples and assignments even for beginners  to understand clearly
very helpful course. especially for beginners. Everything explained in detail by our Master Chuck.
As always with Pr Chuck, an outstanding class with fun and knowledge combined! Thank you Pr Chuck!
Really very grateful to Prof.  Charles Severance. Fantastic series of course on Python. Thank you.
Simple and clear explenation whole problem. I will say additionaly there wasn't to much excercise.
Dr. Chuck is an amazing professor. The course is easy to follow through and the material is great.
I learned a lot of information which I didn't know before although I passed other course on Python
I benefited a lot from this course. It would be even better if more guided exercises are attached.
I am so grateful for this course and also thank you for make it free, I am really appreciate this.
hello professor:         I like you more than you class :) I enjoy this course.         thank you.
I'm so glad to take a course and earn a certificate from Coursera  and The University of Michigan
I like the course to be comprehensive, concise, beautiful, easy to understand and also enjoyable.
Dr. Chuck approaches every topic in a way, that makes it easy for the learner. I love this course
It is a nice course,I have learn a lot and this course  is best suit for data structure beginners
Amazing course. Amazing instructor. this is a must-take if you are new to programming and python!
A fantastic intro to data structures in general and how to use the most essential ones in python.
I learnt a lot. never got bored. lot of interesting videos and interviews to break minds struggle
its an excellent course. The Instructors were really good. The course was eligible to understand.
i learn about best part was that with quiz and assignment with practical work truly helpful to me
Its was great learning experience. The course covered all the basics needed and was well planned.
very good course i have some knowledge about data structures but this clears my concept even more
Great programming course, recommended for everyone interested in programming/python/data science!
This course is bit tough than the previous one & it feels like we are studying in  advance level.
A nice introduction to python data structure.Beginner can grasp everything so easily. A nice guy.
The course is excellent. Need to add more practice questions which will help to boost confidence.
Perfect for true entry level programmers to get their feet wet with more complex ideas in python.
Great Course!Very clear explanation of Python Data structure concepts!Exercises were very helpful
This was a very helpful course and helped me understand the basics of python.thank you courseera!
Thanks Dr Chuck for such an easy to follow Module, I'll definitely be continuing with my studies.
Very nice follow up to the first course, introducing the basics of lists/dictionaries and tuples.
Great beginner level python course. I'll recommend this course to my friends and younger brothers
He continues to deliver great classes and good examples that propel you.  Clear, concise and fun.
I've learned structures of python and get greatest motivation for programming and data analysis:3
The best python course for data structure ever. And a really cool teacher too.Thank you Dr. Chuck
Excellent lecture material with excellent lecturer. Easy to understand and interesting to listen.
Easy to follow, slow paced.  Perfect for non-programmers to learn programming for the first time.
Great course! Great achievement! Great Professor!Thank you very much for your tremendous efforts!
One of the most adorable profs I ever met!! Dr. Chuck has made the course so fun while educative.
I feel I know something and I could solve some easy problems with Python! Thank you Dr. Chuck! :)
This is very helpful course.It means a lot.I learned many things in this course .Thanks coursera
It was really interesting to study and every resorces ot there and questions were really helpful
Best course ever.......with so much of in-depth explanation i just feel in love with this course
Prof.  Severance is a very good teacher.  Course designed clear and easy to achieve for student.
Excellent Course for python beginners. it covers most of the basic topics such as file handling.
This is one of the best MOOC's I've ever taken. It gives you exactly what you need as a begginer
Excellent Course, I must say. And the way, professor taught us, is awesome too. A big THANK YOU.
fantastic course for learning data structures in python.Thanks dr.Chuck for this amazing course!
Enjoyed the course a lot with Dr.Chuck. Looking forward to do more course under his supervision.
This was a very useful course, I do recommend that the file section should be further explained.
The material is well organized and clearly detailed. Dr. Severance explains the content clearly.
The course is awesome  I feel like Harry Potter at the 9 3/4 platform. Thanks a lot, Dr. Chuck!
very well explained by Dr.Chuck. I am able to understand the topic clearly . Thats it thank you.
Excellent course. Challenging material made accessible, understandable, and yes, even enjoyable.
Thanks,                       For giving me such a great course with such a brilliant instructor
Great course. Dr Chuck is a really inspiring teacher. Continuing with Python to access web data.
Python Data Structures is very nice course to enhance your coding skills and excellent teaching.
it was an exceptional course, get to learn a whole lot of intricate things about data structure.
very good to learn more about list , dict and tuples and great assignments to understand better.
Sstructure of course is great .Sir Russel 's classes are great for learn basic things of python.
Chuck is a true teacher, giving me the UNDERSTANDING of programming, not just code memorization.
it was great. i liked the way professor taught python .i would recommend all to talk this class.
Great videos explaining the concept and doable exercises. Bonus interesting videos and messages.
This was a very useful course even for the people like me who have no prior knowledge of coding.
If you wanna learn quickly and with high quality without much coding knowledge, Use this course.
It has great teaching  material and great teachers along with informative and great assignments.
It was a great time we have spend in this Cours i have learnt a lot about lists and dictionaries
ive been super inclined to how this has been so useful in upgrading my skills. thankyou soo much
very nicely built course, the instructor is very good and all the topics are covered really well
This is a very good class and teach me python knowledge about tuples, dict, list and many logic.
I think that Dr. Chuck was very good with his course presentation and It's helping me pick up Py
Very good beginner's course on managing different type of data and collection of data in Python.
Dr. Chuck is great, and he things he is hilarious! Just kidding, very entaining and informative.
the course was very well organized and explained very neatly i understood very thank you so much
Very good course.  Dr. Chuck has provided a great depth of knowledge that was easily understood.
I love the fact that the professor has assignments that pushes the students knowledge in python.
Had a lot of fun. Prof. Severance is a great teacher. Simple, short and well explained material.
I really enjoyed all your lectures..love the way you teach..Thanks for these wonderful lectures.
A great continuation, further detail introduce python, programming skills, when and how to apply
Very thorough course and pretty easy to understand. All thanks to Prof. Charles and the Staff!!
Very good course. professor explains every thing in easy language and it is very understandable
I honestly recommend this course for all the beginners who are looking forward to learn Python.
INCREDIBLE course! I would highly recommend to anyone who wants to get into Python programming.
Excellent course to build solid foundation of programming with Python. Thanks, Dr and Coursera.
overall the instructor is really nice. He explains all the concepts in simple and efficient way
I am satisfied with this course and it helped me to be more confident about learning new things
it is nice course offered on python data structures and good guidance is provided by professor.
Very excellent professor. I love the way he teaches. really very enjoy the learning experience.
This course is one of the best course to understand the concepts of python and data structures.
Very informative course and an excellent instructor...Thank you for imparting the knowledge!!!!
A very good course... Learned How to use String, List, Tuple , Dictionary and File at a time...
your awesome , watching ur videos and doing assignments , really makes me feel like a developer
Very detailed explanation, learned a lot about data structures i wasn't sure about in python :)
thanks for professor Charles, I've learned a lot from this class. now, let's start my course 3.
Very important course for my Python skills development. I like the example professor described.
A very innovative way of teaching. I am literally blown up by the improvement in last few days.
Excelente course as always, it is very clear and the programs to develop are for real training.
When I see a basic Python code, I'm now able to understand generally what its doing. Thank you!
it's good for python devlopers . thanks to University of Michigan and it was great experience .
Effectively designed modules with keen focus on utilizing language to solve practical problems.
Data structures like list, dictionary and tuples well explained with good practice assignments.
Excellent course, I really enjoyed seeing how much time was spent on lists, dicts, and tupples.
Really cool and a very nice instructor. looking forward to other courses in this specialization
Had a nice experience with this course. Good assignments that really checks your understanding.
This course is pretty useful in terms that it provides a lot of examples where we made mistakes
Very informative course, I really liked that all topics are supported with practical examples .
I could understand python's data structures, the related methods and mechanisms. That is great!
It's very useful and I command the fundamental programming skills until now. Thank you Charles!
nice way of teaching,excellent material and good assignments. Loved it. Taking the next course.
Excellent course of beginners. Prof presented the matter in such a simple way. Love the course.
really great work by coursera team.. this course will be much useful for newbies to programming
One of the best MOOC's I have ever attended. Charles Severence is outstanding as an instructor.
One of the best designs for Python courses I've seen so far. This was truly a great experience!
Good lectures, easy to follow. Good coverage with what felt like the right level of difficulty.
Good Course for humans who starts right now, because this web site go explains  how to program
I like the instructors way of teaching, and its interesting. Thanks for Dr. Charle's Severence
It was very interesting and easy to understand, thanks University of Michigan and Doctor Chuck
The way you teach is really amazing. Gained knowledge on python data structures.Thank you sir.
Thanks to Professor Charles Severence . You teaching style is exquisite , the content was good
The professor has simplified all the complex data structures. Learning has become interesting.
Great course. Excellent explanation and awesome guidance through the objectives of the course.
Professor Chuck is just amazing in explaining. We can understand all the concepts very clearly
The best part of this course was the quiz portion , I liked it so much .Thanks for this course
This is the second course completed under the guidance of the Dr.Chuck. great Teacher. thanks.
best experience in this course..it is the best platform to gaining knowldge..thankyou coursera
Easy to understand for the people with little Programming language or no programming language.
honestly thank you very much for your way to explain also and your examples  are so much clear
Thank you too much all stuff in this course, it was very useful to me to finish these courses.
i am very grateful being a part of this course. It's very well structured course for learning.
After Week 4, the course gets excited as you start to write codes and know how the flow works.
I'm advancing my career with this course, thanks to Coursera, thanks to Sir Charles Severance!
Thats very Nice and best course, I have ever seen. Thanks for the Instructor and Coursera Team
Fantastic course to learn or revisit Python programming concepts with various data structures.
The assignments are the MAIN building blocks of the course, they made me learn things quicker.
Best course ever on Python data structures. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck. I am very grateful to you.
super nice course! I will keep learning the others! Thank you for the cute cute professor. ^_^
Pretty cool course to start learning Python, easy to follow and very well explained exercises.
This is very useful course, clarifying many misunderstandings about data structures in Python.
Great professor. Very likable! You will enjoy this course, just stick with it. Thank me later!
The course was very interesting. Thank you Dr Chuck! Looking forward to more courses from you.
Excellent course, the chapters on lists, dictionaries and tuples were well illustrated. Thanks
Simple and elegant course! Provides practical insights for what is needed for Data Scientists.
Excellent online class. Clear instructions and the schedule is very easy to work with. Thanks.
Thank you very much Dr.Chuck for interesting course, for new knowledge and for your jokes. :))
It was great learning in the platform ,looking forward for more learnings from other courses.
I love the instructor and I learned a lot!print("Dr. Chuck is the best python teacher ever!")
the course provided by you sir is really very helpful,intractive and understable thanks a lot
This is an wonderful course. I like the way it was instructed. The experience was incredible.
Awesome experience. I think I will redo this course over and over again. I like every lecture
Good pace, good mix of lecture, example, and exercises. Very careful explanation of concepts.
Fun and learning at the same time! An amazing course to grasp the basics of Python sequences!
For very first I loved this course. dr. chuk, you are an amazing instructor anybody can have.
Dr Chuck made it all seem so easy I have a way better understanding of the course nowCHEERS!!
mr chunk is one of the best teacher i have gone through he made python easierthank u courdera
I loved both courses!!! Chuck is amazing! I am planning to continue till the end of the book!
I like this course & I recommend  this course for every beginner to learn python programming.
The course instructor! Oh god! For beginners, there just couldn't be any better introduction!
explaination is very clear and to the point and allowing us to do assignments is alot of help
really helpful and because of this course, I think I will keep studying python in the future.
Excellent Instructor and nice course material but needs detailing somewhere for some topics .
This is a great course to get started with the basics of Python in the simplest possible way.
This professor makes life easier. I like every word he says and I really enjoyed programming.
Outstanding course.  Challenging but well worth the effort.  looking forward to more courses.
Thanks for everything Prof. Severance, University of Michigan and Coursera! The course is A1.
Dr.Chuck Severace is the best teacher :). He makes the whole journey fun. Highly Recommended!
The instructor made this course super interesting. Really love his liveliness and enthusiasm.
Professor Severence is excellent, huge reason why I keep coming back to these Python courses.
This course is excellent and useful. Thanks for the courser. I learnt a lot from this course.
I am very happy Dr. Chuck and learning via this platform.  Great instructor to say the least.
Keep rocking Dr.Chuck, you're awesome! I can play with Files, lists, dictionaries and Tuples!
Awesome course, really helped to understand the basics in detail. Keep up the awesome vids :)
I like the class very much - keep me up to speed with Python in between more advanced classes
Thanks for teaching Python in easy way, I have learnt a lot for this course. Keep learning!!!
Good refresher for old ex programmer :-). Well paced wirhe good material and decent free book
The bonus videos/conversations add charm to the course apart from the awesome lecture videos.
Simple instructions, easy to follow, enjoyable videos and online tool for running python code
Easy and fun!Look forward to the next course in this specialization !Dr. Chuck is a cool guy!
I am satisfied with this course. To learn python from beginning it is one of the best course
A complete understanding on data structures, such as strings, lists, dictionaries and tuples
This course is good to understand the basic features of Python. Good pace and clear content.
THIS IS A NICE COURSE. I WANT TO THANK COURSERA AND DR. CHUCK TOO FOR PROVIDING THIS COURSE.
I love the instructor, he assumes no prior knowledge and teaches with patience and passion!!
I really enjoyed the way Dr. Chuck explains the concepts. 
Really good course for beginners.
nice one!!! Now I have increased levels of confidence to move forward and prove myself to me
It was an exciting journey to accomplish this online course. Great work by the Instructor :)
In a simple way it was awesome journey.tutor was very nice.basic concepts of python is here.
it a very challenging course , but at the end this will sharpen your python skills very well
Great explanations. Assignments were a bit challenging but made it with 100% score! so happy
good course for The beginning , i have learned a lot, Mr chuck is a good instructor , Thanks
Great course that builds on concepts learned, very effective instruction and teaching style.
Just as the previous course, it was exceptionalI hope the best for Dr. Chuck and Coursera ;)
Excellent course. Not only helpful to learn Python but also to learn programming as a whole.
It was the great experience. All thanks to Dr. Charles and coursera for such an opportunity.
the course is very excellent i learnt a lot of new  things thank you coursera and the mentor
Really well structured course and enjoyed learning throughout the course. Thanks, Dr. Chuck!
thank you so much, this is my second class, and I will keep going till the end of the course
this course was amazing. one should once go through this  you will surely going to like this
Love Dr. Chuck! Learning so much in digestible lectures that are easy well detailed and fun.
The course seems to be very useful and provides an overview or basic knowledge of the topic.
Thank you Professor Chuck, I am graduated! I will redo the exercise again! Love your course.
Great class! engaging and very useful descriptions and tips on python basic data structures.
The assignments were a bit more difficult than the course 1. More examples would have helped
Python is really COOL !!!Dr.Chuck is really COOL !!!I love programming soooooooo much !!!!!!
The class is very easy to understand and it's fun to learn from Professor Charles Severance!
Excellent followup. Great content. Nice pace. Excellent Instructor. Brilliant course overall
I wish Doctor Charles can visit china. ^.^ and Chinese 'Courseraer' can say hi to the world.
Dr. Chuck keeps the classes interesting. Highly recommended if you are interested in Python!
The assignment becomes more challenging in this course. The graduation ceremony is so funny!
Excellent Material for Basic beginners for Python. Clears the concept of Python like no oher
Excellent intoroductory course into Python. good pace and excellent assessment environement.
Loving these courses.  It feels attainable and goes at a pace I can really learn. Thank you!
I find Charles' lectures very easy to follow and they impart understanding very effectively.
very good explanation about python data structure. satisfied with this course. Thank You!!!
By far, one of the best courses I've taken. Dr. Severance is an outstanding teacher! Cheers
This is one of the best course to clear your basics in python, or starting from the scratch
Dr. Chuck made it interesting and amazing. Thank you very much. Hoping to meet you someday.
Amazing python course, I hope to finish all of these and review each and every one of them.
Very great professor! I really enjouyed the lecture and i am so much clear about pyhton now
Excellent courses, quality instructors, and material that can be applied in problem solving
I strongly recommend this course for biologists or people from non-programming backgrounds.
Amazing course structure, moderate difficulty level and the best instructor a.k.a Dr. Chuck
I am so happy to say that I am finally getting a good grasp on python thanks to this course
nice teacher i learned so much from this course also keep learning other courses of python.
One of the best courses for starting with Python Data Structures to start with on Internet.
Provided great understanding about data structures in python. Thank You this awesome course
Excellent course. Amazing teaching. It was quite fun and light to learn from these classes.
A really great course that gave me a solid grounding for using Python!!ExcellentThank you!!
clear explaination of each and every concept in a very interesting manner by the instructor
very very very good cours
thx thx my teacherandA special thanks to the workers of this site
I am glad I took this course and had the opportunity to complete it. Kudos to Prof.Charles!
An really awesome job by the tutor. Assignments were good and the practice paid off for me.
Totally Loved the way of teaching of practising programs. Looking forward to join nest bit.
best course to learn programming using python data structure.fulfilled the expectations : )
The course is generally fun and comprehensive. Dr. Charles Severance is a great instructor.
It was great! Well explained, well structured, step by step and great exercises. Thank you!
Great Teacher and content providing hands-on capability to test out the things in real time
Excellent course and Dr Chuck keeps it fun, which is so important in learning the material.
Very intuitive learning. It helps if you know your way around the ADTs this course tackles.
Very good. Excellent. All very well explained and with good specific examples in each case.
it was a very good course you must learn after completing the course "python for everybody"
The part is essential and the instructor gave a clear view of the whole. Really appreciate!
This is my second MOOC, and I never expected I could learn this much from an online course.
Great Chuck! Best instructor ever! Might take more U. Michigan Courses just because of him!
Excellent course to learn about Python programming at the beginner level. Highly recommend!
Awesome course! Everything layered nicely and gave some good Python momentum into Course 3!
Well structured and easy to understand. Professor made sure that the course is interesting.
Course is awesome! Textbook is very interesting and allows me to solve problems creatively.
exceptional course for all the programmers out there who want to learn Python programming !
Everything is fine and Chuck you are a great teacher. Many thanks for your time and effort!
Seamlessly builds on the first course.  At this point, you're able to write basic programs.
Took me some time to get my head around it but once it starts to click it sets you up well!
Great course. Thorough and simple explanations and great exercises which help with learning
a very good course, suitable for beginners! and also the course material is really helpful!
This course is great for beginners to programming. You will be taken through it all slowly.
It's  been wonderful...load of fun and encouragement and God truly bless everyone involved.
I'm form China, I like this course. It gives me a lot of moving on the Graduation Ceremony.
Excellent teaching method. I really understood each and every topic. Thankyou Dr.Chuck! :')
Dr. chuck provides one of the best study experience. every one should undertake this course
Great course! There's tons of 'aha!' moments for me, and Chuck's humor is a big bonus, too!
Engaging and interactive course. The best platform to start learning python for beginners.
it was great from start til end. i have just finished this course with a smile on my face.
Really great option for python beginners to start with.Thank You for your wonderful course
great course with detailed explanation of topics covered with easy to understand examples.
Taught beautifully and as i submitted all the assignments means it is more understandable.
Great course basics are explained very well.Thanks Dr.chuck for making python code simpler
An excellent course for those who want to learn python data structures one step at a time.
it was very nice to meet the instructor.he was very nice .his teaching method is also good
very nice explanation .and very brief about the topics. and so much clarity in that topics
Very neat course , clearly explains the concepts in the course with examples and exercises
The class can be done in much shorter than 7 weeks. It is well taught, and is very helpful
It's been a great journey till now and now i'm looking forward to learn next level things.
Great course! I feel i learnt a lot. Definitely i'm going to end the entire specialization
Another great course - loved every bit of it, excited to join more courses and learn more!
Rather basic python data structures course. Enjoying a nice time. 
Great course.The assignments were super helpful in developing for real world applications.
i learn more and satisfy with your efforts in my python programming learning.thanks a lot!
Very simple approach to programming with effective methods and problem solving techniques.
Really great teacher and the course is well structured in small and understandable pieces.
It was a good follow up course that helped me learn more about the python data structures.
Exercises took me quite a while to figure out but overall the course was very informative.
Excellent course tutor. Relevant assignments which challenge and help build understanding.
Best Course For A Biginner.. Specially The Way Dr. Chuck Engages Student Is Just Amazing..
wow this is really easy and interesting course.specially it is great course for beginners.
Did this as part of the P4E specialization. Good course, builds well upon the first one...
Very useful for learning about the kinds of data organization structures native to Python.
More interesting than Course 1. Basic fundamentals that we are going to use in the future.
The exercises were well planned and tested the core concepts taught in the video lectures.
Love Dr. Chuck. Genius for the technical content, but for his human communication as well.
Excellent course and support, especially relevant for those relatively new to programming.
Covered strings, lists, dicts and tuples, very good course to get start with data analyst.
I really liked this course as it introduced to the data structures of the python language.
Great experience with Dr.Chuck making the class and material relevant and understandable !
Excelent course. I'm learning too much and Charles Severance is a great and funny teacher.
Excellent introduction to python. First coursera course that i completed. Great instructor
continues with the same flow as the last course and builds up on it in a very organic way
Excellent course. Thanks to the instructor who made me to understand each and everything.
Thank you again, Dr Chuck. I've learned so much in this course, and I want to learn more.
good class to take in sequence. I feel like I am learning the basics to build upon later.
I love this course. Because I learned more about Python. I can learn easy with Dr. Chuck.
The awsome feeling when I am listening to the classes or the computer talks of the people
Excellent Course Just like I did the first one.Thank you so much Coursera and Dr.Chuck :)
This course is very well structured and the concepts are explained right from the basics.
Excellent course. Very easy to understand. The Professor makes it very easy to understand
I got  great knowledge of python data structures especially working with files and lists.
The course was well put up by Dr.Chuck.The explanation was on point and was never boring.
very good cours to start coding with python, and I loved the constructor, he is excellent
thanks coursera for helping me. i am very poor but coursera help me lot for my dream jobs
Such a great course . Thanks Dr. Chuck for explaining data structure in such a nice way .
I failed in my programming paper but now I got a lot of confidence that can do a lot now.
This course was amazing. It covered data structure in python in the easiest way possible.
Excellent course for beginners in python. I highly recommend students to take this course
This was an awesome course and the assignments were quite doable and great to learn from.
Best content and well organised. The instructor is the coolest ever.Definitely recommend.
Pythone is the best programming language and Dr chuck is the best teacher I've ever seen.
this  course is very good. easily understandable. and the DR. chuck is a great instructor
I like professor's teaching style, I believe I can finish learning the rest of the course
Dr. Charles Delivery is excellent and it is easy to digest the content and learn quickly.
Very nice introduction to Python! Really loved Dr. Chucks! Marvellous work! Thank you! :)
this is the best course for beginners which is don't know about data structure in python.
Learnt a lot of new things in this course.And they explained them in a very effective way
I Just Recommend Everyone To Join This Course So That You Can Get A Good Start In Python.
Great course. Love Dr. Chuck's classes. Looking forward to continuing the specialization.
nice one, a little hard, especially for non English learners, but finally pass the exams.
It was excellent ...I learnt a lot ..And Hope this course will help other learners also..
An excellent, thoroughly enjoyable follow-up to the course 'Getting started with Python'.
Best course to grab a hold on concepts of python data structures for newbies in the field
Great course but there should be more assignments for practice and appliction of conceots
Professor Chuck does a great job laying out the step by step approach to learning Python!
The course is useful yet is full of fun! Really enjoy learning Python through the course.
It was great course with fantastic lecturer! It wasn't easy, but it was very interesting.
Great class! This course it truly for everybody. The instructor is very clear, and funny!
It was an awesome course. The lectures were easy to understand and also easy to remember.
Dr. Chuck is great,very excellent course for beginners,but the exercises are kind of easy
It was a very interesting course, easy to follow, information on point and good examples.
Dr. Chuck explains everything in detail and clearly.  The textbook is easy to understand.
As was the case with the first course about Python, this one was as awesome! I want more!
My Gosh!!! I loved this course so much that I started loving programming. Thanks @drchuck
Very good explanations. Concepts are presented in a comfortable way. So much instructive.
Now I can proudly say that I have learned python data structures from Michigan University
Thank you Dr. Chuck. I never realized I was learning Python.It was fun to learn from you.
Excellent course! as always Professor Chuck delivered another outstanding python lecture.
this course is very good to learn python for beginners and instructor is tech very well.
It's so amazing that i can learn more from this pretty short course than my usual class.
this is a great course, you learn at your own rhythm and all yours questions are answere
Dr. Chuck!!!!! U R Great........... I am Gonna Complete All 5 Courses Just Because Of U!
it was excellent and some exercises really started to be challenging! Fully recommended!
Dr.Chuck is one of the finest teachers I have ever come across, kudos to his great work!
Thank-you Dr. Chuck. i love your way of teaching and looking forward to the next course.
I enjoyed this course. I feel that I gained solid foundations in Python data structures.
it was great learning with you, sir. the way you teach is the best thing  of this course
A very well taught course which further boosts the interest in the field of programming.
Excellent course and thanks for my instructor Dr.charles severance sir and COURSERA team
This course is very well structured and every concepts are  deeply taught by instructor.
the best course i have ever taken. great teacher and resources were quite well organised
He is such a great teacher to study with. Love his way of teaching. So good and relaxed.
I have learnt well about tuples,lists,dictionaries,etc and thanks for a wonderful course
Easy to follow course that gives a good idea about how to use Data structures in python.
Excellent Course !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I liked it , it made few of my concepts crystal clear.
Excellent content and great quizzes and assignments to work through. Highly recommended.
This has been a very challenging and rewarding course. I feel that I have learned a lot.
best course you can ever take. please go for it you will learn definitely awesome things
Great teacher! He knows how to gradually increase complexity and keep learning engaging.
It's very good to learn deep Python.Nice and very good explanations.Great code snippets.
It's a bit harder than the previous course because everything starts to connect but good
Very good. The speed of content delivery increases in this one and is very well planned.
Excellent introduction to data handling from files, supplemental videos very interesting
Amazing, very very interesting, very well explained and with a ver good learning curve..
Challenging but taught in a way that helped me move further in my programming knowledge.
Even more interesting than the first course. Both textbook and videos are very helpfull!
Very well taught. Especially for such a chapter where it can be easy to become confused.
It' simply awesome the kind of environment you provide to us and strive to redevelop it.
Easy to understand. It helped me pick up essential concepts required for a task at work.
Great course. Dr Chuck is fun and to the point. More practice problems would be welcome.
Nice course. But if the slices can use a better color way will much more comfort to read
This course is a bit harder than previous one, but it is manageable to finish in 1 week.
The course is very easy to understand and is well-structured. I like instructor's style.
Awesome course!  Very useful when start learning Python. Absolutely wonderful teacher!!!
The instructor is wonderful, explaining each concept clearly. Good course for beginners
I like this course it helps my understanding of python data structure and manipulations
IS a course totally worth taking. it is an impulse towards the knowledge of programming
it's a wonderful course, it helps me too much , i like it very much. Thank you coursera
Good Content and Flow is also good and the teaching methodology by Dr.Chuck is awesome.
amazing is just a small but it's way beyond amazing thanks Dr.Chuck thank ou so so much
An amazing course which taught me about python data structures and their applications .
more challenging compared to the first chapter. The instructor was great, very helpful.
i like the course, i wish i could had more ungraded quizzes with interesting questions.
Easy to digest. Assignments were also insightful in checking how much I have acquired .
It is really amazing course. All concepts get clarified by the way instructor tells us.
This course was so much fun.I enjoyed everything Thank You Dr. Chuck You are awesome :)
One of the best instructor...i really enjoyed the course...Thankyou Michigan University
I really enjoyed this course, Dr.chuck is the best. I would like join as his assistant.
its a very nice course to boost your basic python knowledge.Hope to learn more further.
Thank you sir. This course is good and very useful to me. Once again thank you so much.
It was good experience, learned a lot of things and the best part is their assignments.
Very satisfying. Difficulty starts to increase towards the end. Which is a great thing.
One of the best, if not the best course out there to start learning Python programming.
Special Thanks to Michigan State University and Coursera for offering IUST free courses
It was really amazing to learn, Thanks sir, thanks coursera and University of Michigan.
Thank you, I really learned a lot about Python. And now I can feel passionate about it.
Outstanding. Doc Chuck is so good at clearly explain how the structure of programs work
Excellent introduction to data structures, and excellent followup from previous course.
Dr. Severance is an amazing teacher, the course is easy to follow yet full of pro tips.
Happy to continue my journey to the world of Python! Looking forward to the next course
Excellent! Step-by-step you are taken on this journey into the basics of data anlytics.
Excellent learning experience. By far, the best online platform to enhance your skills.
Dr.Chuck is the best,well organised and interest created by a teacher is appreciateable
Well thought class for me. I really enjoyed coming back every time I had a class to do.
Very good introduction to python data structures with great examples of how to use them
Awesome course....Thanks Mr.Charles  for this excellent course and also to the Coursera
I think this course was really good, it was a challenge for me, the instructor was good
Very good material. And I really like that the class has TAs helping with the homework.
Data structure of python is quite easy, while this course has explained it very detail.
Professor Chuck S. is an excellent instructor and very inspiring.  I loved this course.
Very clearly presented the topics, helpful for advancing programming skills. Thank You!
Well organized course and I learned very quickly about lists, dictionaries, and tuples
Easy to learn,Professor explanation is Excellent,workout problems very well explained.
Excellent course and I feel great on completing it and having learnt so much in python
It was an amazing experience. One must try the course if he/she wants to learn python!
Though I had prior knowledge on the basics of python, I thoroughly enjoyed the course.
great course with great teacher. Thanks professor for build fashion about programming.
Really enjoyed this course throughout.  It was detailly explained each and every topic
for those who have no prior knowledge of  coding this is the best place to get started
It is really an useful course for those who want to learn basics of python programming
if possible please provide the slides so what i can practice the content of the slides
i loved this course. dr.chuck is a great teacher and looking forward to other courses.
Thx for making things very easy to understand and working from the foundations upwards
Great course for anyone who want to learn python, I really enjoyed taking this course.
I have old experience in this course but I wanna make sure about it so I took itthanks
easy to learn and we can get many ideas and thoughts of python data structures format.
wonderful course a must take for all who want to make career in python or data science
Thankyou Coursera!!!! Thankyou Dr. Chuck  Cheers to your teaching and Course content:)
Excellent instructor and also course is designed in an effective and efficient manner.
Amazing course, great instructor and an awesome easy-to-understand way of explanation!
It is an excellent course where I learn various types of data structures with example.
very good course well done dr.chuck we learned a lot from this courseand very good ...
Very good course. Good auto-graded programming assignments. Highly recommended course.
This course is way too good. Everything was taught properly with a deep understanding.
Thanks for this course leading me to this place, where I never really thought I could.
Excellent course material which makes the learner to understand the course very easily
I really enjoyed Dr.Chuck explanations and the practicing assignments. Amazing course.
This course is very helpful for us for batter understanding on python data structures.
I like this course, I have learned a lot and used them, I will continue to learn next.
Very detail oriented and clear instructions.  Thank you for another successful course!
Thank you Professor Chuck! I love this course and those assignments! Very encouraging!
fetching knowledge in coding in this format is really interesting and really enjoyable
Great, loved it and look forward to starting the next specialization course next week!
this course is extremely great! I wont be able to express how great it is in words. :)
Easy to follow. Enthusiastic teacher and course over all. Best so far in the MOOC-sky.
Great way to learn the basics at a moderate pace.  Well-structured and clearly taught.
Very good course if your a beginer in python and still dont know the basic structures.
Great course and very informative and hands on exercises which helps alot in learning.
First of all, thank you fr this opportunity!All I want to say, this course is amazing.
Well designed course... Touched on advanced elements as well... Thank you Professor!!!
By the end of this course you will feel 10 times more proficent then before taking it!
Informative, easy to understand, and even humorous sometimes. Great course, thank you!
Great course. Now you know all the basics to start manipulating and working with data.
very interesting material presented in a way that is easy to understand and build upon
These courses are great because they teach all the basics that other courses overlook.
thank u very muchi had fun in this course, also (hard times in assignments)thanx again
I had to review the material twice, but I thought it was thorough and well presented.
Once again great class, really like the little assignments at the end of each lesson!
This course is absolutely amazing , the way this course is structured is just awesome
Exception course gave me a confidence to apply  Data structure concepts using python.
very useful for beginners like me to learn python ..hope to build up such more skills
Great class taught by Dr. Chuck. He does a great job at teaching python to beginners.
This was an awesome experience to learn this many new and important things so easily.
Good for knowing the advantages and the cases of uses, of each python data structure.
Dr. Chuck is awesome. I really like the music at the start and end of bonus videos :)
Amazing course, very clear instruction along with some really fun/real-world examples
Very good course, gives a strong base level of understanding and confidence to go on.
I love this course and it happened because of Dr. Chuck. I love his teaching patterns
wonderful course, I like the instructor so much he  explains everything very clearely
i loved that course and instructor dr. chuck is very friendly and helpful i think '..
An amazing course, that everyone should take. Can't wait to learn more in the next 3!
The course was amazing. Dr Chuck is a great teacher. I would really like to meet him.
Great course but I wish there were additional challenging excercises as bonus content
Got a full overview of data basic data structures in Python. All thanks to Dr. Chuck.
The best instructor I have ever seen. I love the way he teaches.. Thank you sir....!!
I like the course! It is really fun and I can do something useful for my calculation.
It's a great way to learn Python, step by step with a wonderful teacher and platform.
Excellent course. Dr. Chuck is very good at making Python more approachable to learn.
Great course I liked it a lot and I have learned so much from it and great instructor
I had an great experience I Really feel thankful to teach me Data Structure so easily
Good Explanation and topic related assignments helps to clear understanding of topic.
great course! I started this course from no programing experience, and am doing fine!
The course is very good & the explanation from the tutor is very easily to understand
This course has helped my learning Python. It has motivated me to learn more. Thanks.
Great course! I wish there way more complicated graded but optional coding exercises.
The course is awesome and gives me a great hand. The teacher is humorous. I like him.
Good course, the pace and progression begins to pick up here compared to first course
Transition from the basics in python and the advancement of it is done pretty neatly.
Feels like we're toying around rather than studying. Had a lot of fun in this course!
grate experience after the complate the two sub course of one main course on coursera
Great class, gives you the right mindset to look at data and how it can be organized.
A lucid, succinct explanation of something high schools take the whole year to teach.
Very easy to understand and helpful for a programming starter. Have fun and enjoy it!
it was awesome. very understandable. some bits were quite challenging to grasp though
great. easy to follow. introduction of the fundamental concepts of python programming
GREAT !!I'm a Python totally  beginner, so....  Thank you very much for this course!!
It is a very good Course. Dr.Chuck had made the course items very easy to understand.
Very detailed explanations and the excersises were pretty good to learn and practice.
Understood a lot of about Python basics.Dr. Chuck lectures are easy to watch and fun.
This course is very basic but useful for the people who wants to start coding things.
Beautiful course. I can't imagine a better introduction to Python or Data Structures.
Taught me what I needed to know about Python. Am looking forward to the next course.
The concept is explained in a simple manner and easy to understand, keep going, sir.
It was all taught nicely and precisely. I got all the concepts verified from sratch.
very nice course designed very well. Hatsup to professor Dr. Chuck really very nice.
this was so well taught i had a like zero knowledge about ds now i know fundamentals
it's amazing course and i enjoyed the complete course and the instructor are so good
Well done.  Informative, challenging, thorough and an enjoyable learning experience!
This is the course where you actually start to solve some simple tasks using Python.
great  intro to data structure in python, the assigment and quiz reinforce the teory
Great Course .Some more practical examples can be included ,for eg: applications etc
best course i am not a nob i also learn lot of thinks its good for every new student
It was such a nice course.So many data structures get learn so easily.So nice course
The course was taught well (and with an element of comedy), always kept my attention
Excellent ! I love professor Chuck. and I love the other staffs too. Best class ever
This course is very nice, The way of teaching and Quality of Knowledge is very good.
Thank you so much for this wonderful course and these clear explanations, Dr. Chuck!
I really like this course, It hepled me in understanding the Pythone more preciesly.
This course helped me in one of my network automation projects. Thank you, Mr.Chucks
COURSERA is the best institute for learning the programming languages in  the world.
Great course for beginners in python.I was like to have a fun to learn the concepts.
Very good course. Paces at the right speed so that you don't miss the finer details.
It's a really good course, which will teach you hou to build and deal with databasd.
This is the awesome course, the professor teaches very well. Thanks a lot professor.
Amazing course covering up your entire python data structures. Definitely a must do.
Very attencious teacher, great material, and walkthroughs. Great to start on Python!
Great course! Very accessible. I like Dr. Chuck's style, and I love learning Python.
The course is very helpful in understanding concepts and enhancing practical skills.
Great course! You can easily understand the basic idea of how these codes are built.
This is a great course to understand the data structures and file handling in python
Thanks to Dr. Chuck and the course team. I think I kind of fall in love with python.
Cousera is the best ever i have seenThanks a million Coursera team and dear Dr.Chuck
Great Introduction to Data Structures for complete beginners to the Python language.
Pretty good course! Clear explanation and easy to understand (especially the slides)
Very useful and helpful courses, good for anyone even without programming background
It covers the fundamentals well, which are practical and can be applied immediately.
Course is designed very nicely. Loved the lectures and bonus videos in each chapter.
Nice one with lot of coding and quiz. More hands-on classes available. I like it.!!
nice course ever never seen this course ,really great instructor also Thanks chucks
Thanks, Profesor Chuk, will do the other courses and get will get certificate zoon.
its really good for me . i am fully satisfy and happy after complete of this course
It is a very good experience to start python here, I learned a lot from this course
The Instructor's way of teaching is quite good and understandable to even beginers.
 REALLY LKED T !! THANKS COURSERA .. THANKS FOR THE AMAZNG TEACER EVER ME.CHUCK
It was a increible course, thans for giving a lot information about data structures
It was an awesome i really learned about data slicing, data structure and databases
Dr. Chuck is the best person to learn python from and in the simplest way possible.
Awesome course! Even for beginners, it would prove to be helpful. Very well-taught!
the course structure was well placed, and the instructor was really cool explaining
while True:                                           print('this class is great!')
i love Mr.Chuck, He gives life to programs and i love the way he speaks to programs
Dr. Chuck is really great and I really learnt a lot!! I believe I can handle that!!
very good corse at 20:39(IST) compared to other courses in coursera with the tittle
It's an exceptional course for anyone who's started to learn programming in Python.
well paced course increasing in difficulty. Looking forward to the next installment
I really liked the assignments as they forced me to put in a couple of extra hours.
very nicely designed and presented. So easy to understand for any one its wonderful
nice conceptual explanation with really nice coding questions. Value for enrolling.
thank you sir ! for providing such a great lectures i love the way u teach the code
Great course with fun examples and assignments! Strongly recommended for beginners!
Recommend for anyone who is interested in data mining or just want to learn coding.
Excellent course, move one step forward on my python learning, very well presented.
I loved doIng thIs course!! Thanks Professor, you make It very InterstIng to learn.
Very well organized topics and Mr.Chuck is very good in articulating the chapters..
Great intro to Python.  for lecture in range (0,10):    print("Dr.Chuck is great!")
really good course, I'm new to programming but it's really a very good way to learn
Great class. Dr. Chuck makes learning a new programming language intuitive and fun!
Very good material with funny explainings. Recommended for all beginners on coding.
Python is a useful and (relatively) easy-to-learn language, and Dr. Chuck is great.
Very good course... Stressing at times. I very much liked Charles, good at teaching
It was very useful and I am good in completing the course well within the schedule.
The best course to teach you Python data structures with fun loving assignments. :)
Awesome Course and of course Dr. Severance makes it accessible and understandable!
fun and thorough explanations with challenging and educationally-focused exercises
if you know nothing about Python and egger to learn it then this course is for you
really nice course, except it took me a long time to figure out how atom.io worked
Its an amazing course, taught with enthusiasm and learnt with whole concentration.
The best teacher on coursera print("I Love You and your way of teaching Mr Chuck")
The content was amazing. especially for beginner this course is very much use full
Very useful to get me started in programming, I will take more classes on coursera
The course is very knowledgeable and also it is good for beginner to learn python.
I learn main difference between List, Tuple and dictionaries.. Thank you so much..
It's really helpful course to understood python programming language for beginner.
This course strengthen your python basics.So,I would prefer to go for this course.
The course is great for learning different, very useful data structures in Python.
I have learnt a lot from this course. I will definitely recommend it to my friends
Very inspiring and useful.Creates an interest to learn more and upskill ourselves.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. Enrolling for the next course now. Am obsessed! :)
Explanation of the given programs really helps in understanding of the much better
I like the instructor way of explaining the concepts with example and assignment .
Great course. Well explained, progressive learning. A perfect way to learn python.
It is a very good and well structured course. I have learned a lot of things here.
Its was very much useful and best course. i learned the data structure in easy way
it's the amezing course of the beginer an also for the  give boot to your knowlage
Great course. Knowledgeful and cool professor. Ideal challenging level for myself.
Thank you Dr. Chuck!  I learned a lot from this course and I had fun doing it too.
great course! exercises almost too easy! completed first two courses in three days
Great course that gives you insight to the basic data structures inside of Python.
awesome, the professor is really experienced!! I completed the whole course in day
A little more complicated than the first one, so it has fulfilled my expectations.
The best course I ever experienced. thank you charles sir and whole coursera team.
Great Teaching by Dr. Chuck, data structures are very nicely explained. Thank You.
I've done this course in a week and get it all! Thank you, Chuck! You're the best!
A natural followup and making working on some more challenging tasks using Python.
The course is structured in a very nice way which makes it very easy to understand
It is a very basic course, but is great for beginners that have time to go slowly.
significant course with extraordinary teaching style! I really enjoy this course!!
Great experience while learning the course. and thank you for explaining that good
If need_to_learn == Python:     If have_fun == True:            take_this_course()
Highly recommended course, good level exercises and easily explained by Dr. Chuck.
It is a great course in which the student enjoys the lessons taught in the course.
All these courses are amazing. Very well explained the video lectures very helpful
the text book is easy to understand and the teacher have a funny teaching method !
Great course! Thanks for your help in programming! Congratulations for everyone :)
Loved it! Dr Chuck explains the concepts so clearly and in a very engaging manner.
You can never learn and repeat the python data-structures, perfect course for that
Excellent instructor.he is the very reason the course was so fun and informative.
this course very simple in nature and could be easily understood b the beginners.
learned a lot about python. Now I fill that I am ready to deep dive python world.
Charles is a great teacher and even better at explaining things loved the course!
Very well explained and taught in an easy to grasp manner. Definitely, go for it.
The teacher is so fun to listen to. I never get bored with every lecture he gave!
Very well designed course, I liked so much, and the professor Chuck in excellent.
very informative. this is my 2nd Specialization by Dr. Chuck. totally recommended
This course was very helpful and got to learn new things with hands on experience
I feel like this is the third review question. Who sees this? A good basic class.
I think there should be more examples and more assignments tougher than the usual
I loved this course because it is like our friend teaching us something they know
This course is really helpful. It helped me build a basic knowledge about python.
It's a really nice course. Dr Chuck is really friendly... Just Loved this course.
Its really very nice.Mr Chucks explanations and teaching style is also very good.
very happy to learn these course. I learned a lot in these course. Thank you sir.
The course was awesome, i learned a lot from the course in a new way by Dr. Chuck
Excellent course to learn the python basics, excited to learn more with Dr. Chuck
I love the teaching. Sir Charles is amazing and he made it an interesting course.
I really enjoyed the course as it has added so many skills to my python knowledge
One of the best course for python and one of my favourite instructor on coursera.
Great course for beginners. Especially for students not studying Computer Science
This course is simply awesome and the right choice for absolute beginners like me
very nice work by Dr. Chuck,  he is probably best teacher  i have ever met online
sir teaching skill is osm ,i can't stop to play new videos and it is very helpful
Really felling more comfortable with the python course and thanks a lot chuck sir
Great course, couldn't have been any clearer, though I would like more exercises.
python for everyone has to be one of the best courses I've ever taken. Thank you!
Recommend the course highly no matter how new or experienced with python you are.
I like how with each new topic we apply what we learned to practical application.
Very well explained and that makes it so easy to understand Python as a beginner!
GREAT COURSE !!!!!!! WOULD TOTALLY RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE WHO IS WILLING TO LEARN.
I learnt the basic ideas about the Python. It's a very good course for beginners.
This course is very helpful for beginners and gives you a quick start with Python
This is an awesome course, i was always looking for such course and found it. Yay
Dr. Chuck is an idol for everybody who want to learn python in an interactive way
Dr. Chuck is awesome. The course is not difficult but it is not a pushover either
Very Good and perfect online platform to learn more about programming with python
This course is so helpful! Thank you very much for your great teaching Professor!
Dr. Chuck is concise and great at explaining these basic data structure concepts.
It is really worth the effort. Great for those who are new to programming python.
Pretty good. The class is not hard to follow and Dr.Chuck is humorous. I like it.
Very basic rules for Python.It's simple but clear.Good for nontechnical beginner.
This course is very clear , thank you for making everything simple to understand.
Persistence, Purpose, Passion, Path, Choice, Commitment, Connection and Complete!
i really like this course,  recomended for everyone, thanks Dr. Charles Severance
Wonderful learning experience to learn my first computer language with Dr. Chuck.
It is a good course through which one can easily understand python data structure
A good course! Everthing is more complex but it is easier to know with Dr. Chuck.
Amazing course and wonderful instructor. I learned a lot and thank you very much.
funny, interesting and, most of all, a great way of learning Ruby, sorry, Python.
Lecture material is explained in a very accessible format and is easy to acquire.
This is most done course with a lot of useful information and great interviews :)
Great course! I will continue in this specialization and enhance my Python skill.
Very useful and didatic, even for a non English speaker, congratulations teacher!
Very clear and very interesting course in which I discovered the power of Python.
I like this course ver much and specially Dr chuck, the way he teaches.Thank you
it was actually good because i learnt a lot about python and its data structures
Avery comprehensive course for Python Data Structures study.Thank you Coursera..
Thank you very much, Dr. Charles You're a great person, I learned a lot from you
very good instructor and teaches nicely so that a begineer can understand easily
Dr.Chuck is a truly remarkable professor.This is one of the best python courses.
GOOD COURSE.RECOMMENDED TO DO IT IN CONTINUATION WITH PROGRAMMING FOR EVERYBODY.
Its really amazing course and I am very happy that I have completed this course.
Very well explained by Dr. Chuck. I would recommend newbies to have this course.
Great course and the greatest teacher of all time. Hope i meet Dr.chuck someday.
It is very structural. I am so excited to use Python to analyze the file! great!
one of the amazing course everyone should enroll for couresera for clear concept
Great course.One of the best in the businessGo for it without nay second thought
Great start to python learning for me. Thoroughly enjoyed learning new concepts.
instructor have great way to teaching this course that why it easy to understood
Dr. Chuck explained it in seconds. A very good beginner intro to python coding!!
The course is very thorough and the in between excercices were also very helpful
Very accessible course with a wonderful instructor. Ready for more learning now!
Please provide a link to basic to advance link of python if made my same person.
Excellent course structures, I was able learn each and every topic very clearly.
I love this course and Dr. Charles. I learned a lot and it was a fun experience.
It's very very useful course,very good instructor who has a big vision in python
Very informational course. I enjoy the structure of the class and Dr. Severence.
Very easy to follow. After this course I feel ready to continue the next course.
Awesome course structure and instructor who makes python easy to learn and fun .
Excellent explanation and demonstration ..I loved the way he explains everything
The course is designed in a pretty sophisticated way. The instructor is awesome.
easy for entrants to understand. The professor is very humorous! keep studying~~
This is really a great course. A giant thank you to Dr. Chuck - you're the best!
Dr Charles is a legend. You cant miss this course if you are new to programming,
A very perfectly paced course for people who want to learn programming in Python
Very informative course about data structures.Thanks for providing such courses.
excellent  course i learned a lot  and Dr chuck very intelligent and funnythanks
data structures are learning with clearly and clarify everything thanks coursera
Very Informative, the professor is great! Will definitely recommend this course!
Great course .Dr. Chuck explains everything in detail and makes everything clear
Excellent material. Helped me understand the different Data structures in Python
Thanks Coursera team. I learned a lot, this course was simply awesome. I love it
I Really loved the course and the way the instructor taught us made it very easy
Very interesting and exciting course for students with no programming background
Very Good Course but i need an guide to some problems to practice what i learned
I learned a ton in this section, and Dr. Chuck rocks at presenting the material.
Really clear and easy to understand exercises for learning Python as a beginner.
Although behind I not seriously enough, but it will guide me to greater efforts.
very helpful! I think I will be an expert in Python after finishing this series.
Very good.. Good Learning... Learned many new things in Python Data Structures..
print "Excellent training with Dr. Chuck!">>> Excellent training with Dr. Chuck!
Beautifully crafted course. It had given good insight on Python Data Structures.
Very GoodI have  known three kinds of structure of Python:list, dict and tuple~
Excellent course, a little challenging at times, but a great learning experience
Great introduction to data structures in python. Never going to forget them now!
Great course. Basic concepts are covered in depth and the book really helps too.
I like to study with Dr.Chuck, its pleasure and the English of course is easily!
Well explained, short and concise. Can easily be finished off in 15 hours or so.
I like it very much and I am pretty sure that I will get a lot from this course.
Simple and good for beginners. Understandable, a lot of fun with Prof. Chuck :)
Amazing course, amazing teacher. Just take it, you'll learn more than you think
Good introduction to the data types, with assignments to reinforce the learning
Taught really well without wasting time. Thank You Dr Chuck for teaching python
Sir you are just awesome the way you teaches we are very lucky to have you sir.
That was relly good, I learned so much about python, thank you for this course!
very good and enteresting.  Really recommend for newbies in the world of Python
This course has given me an amazing in-depth insight of python data structures.
boosted me in all ways and made me learn lot more new concepts!!! this is great
Its was really a amazing course to pursue and know about python data structures
Excellent course. Course monitor is too good. Course contents are praiseworthy.
Its easy to understanding, dr. Chuck is very professional and explain clearly.
DR.Chuck has a real fun way of teaching. I loved it and would love to continue.
Brilliant professor, it's been useful, fun and awesome lectures and assigments.
Dr. Chuck does it again! A great and informative course. I highly recommend it.
A short and sweet introduction to the data structures of python. Worth my time!
All lectures is full of resources.and it is very helpful for hand on assignment
notes clarity font size problem....other than that all programs goes quite well
Again I want to thank Dr.Chuck for this wonderful course. Really appreciate it.
Very basic but understandable course. A good basis for learning how to program.
Great course overall, specially for beginers who know the very basics of python
Very structured learning process. Loved the thought process of professor Chuck.
Excellent teaching! Got to know a lot of concepts like files and data structues
That was good and better when this course's free (my financial aid is accepted)
the course was amazing but third part tool so called text editor was very worse
It is really getting interesting! The course and the teacher is really great :)
Just one word Phenomenal course. Thank You Coursera and University of Michigan.
I found this course excellent.Good Content and awesome way of teaching concepts
Course was very well structured. Enjoyed Prof.Chuck's lectures and assignments.
Great continuation of the course. Good pace and practice problems and lectures.
It is a very nice course. This course expand my views of python data structure.
Great course for beginner but I hope to meet more practice and sample examples.
Great course! It help you develop good programming habit at the very beginning.
Such a fun course with detailed explanation of files,lists,dict,tuples and etc.
This is a really awesome course, I can't find the better one than this  .good !
A very good course where I'm learning how much is important the python language
Great thanks to Dr. Severance for making this process manageable and enjoyable!
Great course. Good exercises, good coverage of everything. Great for beginners.
This is a great course! Well structured and at a level everyone can understand.
This is the right course to do, in order to complete learning basics of python.
Simply put and explained in clear terms.The coding exercises were great as well
Nice,i'll learn many more things like list,tuples,string,slicing,splitting etc
I had an amazing experience with Dr. Chuck...Thank youRegards Satyajeet Behera
he is the best teacher ever. Really sad that we dont have such teachers around
EXCELENT COURSE, I REALLY LEARN A LOT OF PYTHON! THANK YOU PROFESSOR CHARLES!!
Excellent course. Would definitely recommend beginners to take up this course.
A well structured course by an instructor who is passionate about teaching it.
the way sir taught this data structures was good enough to write our own codes
I have learned a lot regarding python with Data Structure OSM Course.Thank you
Excellent course, would recommend for anyone getting an introduction to Python
i think we need more simple practice questions with every chapter for practice
Highly encourage you to take it, great instructor and a challenge if you will.
Got to learn more of coding and debugging , Excellent teaching from Instructor
Excellent videos. Lessons challenging and draw out all facets of the language.
Excellent instructor - course goes at a reasonable pace the whole way through.
Just perfect to get started, not only with Python but with programming basics.
inp= 100if inp=100: print("Loved the course, Loved the teacher")else: continue
dr.chuck is always an amazing instructor.his way of teaching is simply awesome
My Skillls in python programming in data Structure is much better than before.
data structures are explained in a simple and precise manner by the instructor
Exceptional instructor... The best classes I ever attended on Python..........
By attending this course, I feel confident about Python Programming. Thank you
Really enjoyable class. I felt like I learned a lot with an engaging educator.
Great learning experience! Got to learn how to code using python from scratch.
Another great course by Dr. Charles from the University of Michigan. Loved It.
Outstanding course again, and will be continuing my training through Coursera.
eventually when all came together and we can start "play" around and get first
Fun and easy to follow. Pitched at the non-programmer which is perfect for me!
super clear and helpful. nothing need to change. It is the best for beginners.
Really loved this course. I can now work with python data structures on files.
this was so good i learned a lot from it, i started doing programming my self.
very nice teacher and very nice course!  looking forward to taking next course
This is course is so essential for Python knowledge and to computation at all.
Excellent to understand concepts of file handling and data structure learning.
Really very interesting to learn these topics with professor Charles severance
all the topics were nicely covered..... keep improving your course content ...
Awesome Course, really very interesting and makes me love coding more and more
Can't thank UMich enough for creating this course. It was so much fun to learn
Even better than the previous one! Definitely let me fall in love with Python!
Very Helpful and helped us to gain more theoretical and application knowledge.
Amazing course and teacher. Recommended for beginning into Python Programming.
Very good course! I never did any programming first but this was very helpful!
Fantastic stuff. Learned more from what I thought would be a simple refresher.
It was knowledgeable and interactive session which i enjoyed a lot. Thanks for
Excellent course with detailed explanation of the concepts in simplified form.
The lecture is very clear, easy to understand about data structures in python.
Fantastic series of courses am trying to take this the second time for review.
This is a great course for people who are fresh to Python. Easy to understand.
Not as easy as I thought it was going to be, but it was well worth the effort!
Great lections, easy to learn basic techniques of working with data structures
This course is a great way to learning about the basics of Python Programming.
Dr. Chuck's a genius. This course is a must for anyone aiming to learn python.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Its a fantastic introduction to programming.
Excellent introduction to Python Data structures and the manipulation of data.
Excellent. It is easy to learn online with a teacher like Chuck. Thanks a lot.
This course is an amazing tool for begginer programmers! I have learned a lot!
Really great introduction to data structures. Excited for the follow on course
Massively enjoy and support this course offering! Well done Charles Severance!
Clear lectures, challenging but reasonable assignments and fast-moving course.
It was little to basic for me but the course filled some of my knowledge gaps.
Superb Course for Beginner who wish to learn python in an interesting way  !!
Its a great course to learn Python Dr. Chuck has some amazing teaching skills
Excellent interaction by the instructor even though this is a recorded class.
Thank you Dr. Chuck.   Well taught and it was worth while taking this course.
THANK YOU SOO MUCH FOR KEEPING SUCH KIND OF COURSES.It's VERY HELPFUL FOR ME.
Really nice elementary Python course. The graduation ceremony is interesting.
AI and BLOCKCHAIN is the future technology and this python course is help us.
Very interesting topic and Sir Charles Severance is mind blowing instructor .
Best  thing i did in life was to enroll in this course. Thank you so much Sir
Excellent Course, Helps in improving career and great teaching by instructor.
It has been a very informative course . The Instructor is quiet supportive!!!
The instructor has given his best to deliver the logic behind all the concept
Excellent learning in easy way. thank you coursera. and thankyou charles sir.
it is really helpful for me to realize the basic knowledge of data structure!
Exceptional course material with a very easy to understand teaching interface
The professor is amazing! The course load is well-designed. Highly recommend!
it is really comprehensible, but it would be better if more skills were told.
Exceptional. Best online Python course. Thank you for graduation ceremony!!!!
Thank you for your course. I has inspired me to continue learing programming.
Good course about data structures. Well done. And I like so much the bonus !!
awesome course learnt a lot and Dr Chunk really excellent teaching mythology.
excellent course. Set up a great foundation for doing advanced Python courses
also introduce basic knowledge as course 1. Some of tricks are really helpful
Fantastic Class absolutely, interesting and outstanding, meanwhile fantastic!
Great course. I've learned many concepts from you. I'll put them in practice.
Dr. Chuck makes otherwise challenging material accessible and unintimidating.
Very newbie friendly course! The course progresses in a very reasonable pace.
Wonderful presentation and Dr Charles is awesome. I loved every assignment!!!
I am really enjoying learning Python.  Great course.  Dr. Chuck is wonderful.
It is nicely prepared  that helps to understand the data structure of python.
The course is well paced for beginners with good assignments and sample code.
Professor Charles Severance is just great! Yet another great course from him.
Chuck is excellent in explaining the concepts. Thoroughly enjoyed the course.
Its an awesome experience. I would love to enroll the course under Dr. Chuck
great course that wrapping up the most important subjects of learning python
Excellent Course! Great for clearing the concepts of Python Data Structures.
Very useful course with challenging assignments. Enjoyed learning new skill.
It is an excellent course to learn from scratch, very didactic and practical
This is an excellent course. It gives me a taste of real pyhton programming.
This is an outstanding course provided by Michigan University. Thanks a lot.
excellent coaching thank u so much sir.It was a great learning experiencce!!
I really like this course and learned lot about python .thank you, Dr.chunk.
I learned a lot and it challenged my knowledge of code to the highest level!
I think this course is good if you want to know about python data structure.
awsome  teacher I gain much knowlege  and now Im confident about programming
again another brilliant course from a brilliant lecturer. Thank you so much.
Excellent instructor. Always looking forward to doing more courses with him.
Great course!!!!Simple and easy to understand explanations with proper pace.
it is a very helpful course and i got to know a lot a python data structures
This course is very helpful for my future career. Thank you, Coursera.......
It was an amazing course offered by University of Michigan through Coursera.
Very useful course to learn the perfect basics of data structures in python.
All facts are well organized and cleared. This course is best for beginners.
Charles Severance is an excellent teacher who makes everything easy to learn
Top content from a top university taught by a top instructor. God bless you.
Very good course. Learnt a lot of new things and their practical appliction.
Loved the course. The course defiantly challenges you in the code exercises.
I love Coursera courses, It is so helpful to build my skills and confidence.
I got to learn many things through this course. It was easy and informative.
very great Instructor and he gives very simple method of teaching, thank you
sir Charles Russell Severance is the best instructor. thanks for everything.
The best course about Python Data Structure. The the best instructor indeed.
A course with very detailed guidance  on building programs from scratch.....
The best programming course i have ever attend all over my life !!! THE BEST
Very coherent explanation. I would like to see more challenging assignments.
tuples were kinda difficult but I'm really happy that I finished this course
Amazing course, everyone who wishes to learn python needs to do this course.
Excellent use of Python DataStructures, very good exercies after every week!
Very good course if you would like to learn the basics of python programming
Thank you for created this course that really helpfull start to learn python
Great course for novice who want to learn native Data Structures in Python3.
Clear, concise and perfect course for entry-level of programming experience.
Very clear and straight forward course for people who want's to learn python
Just great!Perfect explanations, perfect examples, and solutions at the end.
This is a perfect course!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1love prof CS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great Course, just wished it introduced lambda, list and dict comprehension.
A wonderful and very interesting course and lecturer from the best lecturers
Nice course with crisp knowledge gaining assignment and the chuck is awesome
We'll presented by Charles Severence.  Easy to use code pattern + text book.
Great introduction to data structure , though we realize its just beginning.
Really impressed with details and practical explanation by professor Charles
Too much help for me! So nice subject! but 3level not have korean subt......
I loved it, cause there was so good tutorials and I've learned by doing them
I spent a lot more time during this course than expected, but im finally the
good demonstration but it would be better to have more exercise for practice
Something difficult made entirely too easy to understand. Amazing professor.
Nice intro to the collection types of Python. Put this stuff in your brains!
Great teaching DR.CHUCK. I would suggest to take the previous one course too
Easy to understand and simple to grab the key idea of python data structure.
Thanks for this great course! And thank you to the mentors for their inputs!
its assignment is very suitable for learners with few programming experience
This course is structured very well for learning... greatly appreciated!bobj
Lists, dictionary , tuples explained very well. Short and precise lecture :)
It is very good explained. Nothing more to say. Thanks for this good course.
I'm very grateful for this course. Thanks to all that have made it possible!
Excellent course with awesome teacher Charles Severance (not from Hogwards)
It was a nice course . I learnt  a lot from it. Thanks to instructor chuck.
Awesome istructor, and easy for somebody who already knew basic programming
Good course , interesting ,to learn the data manipulation from this course.
The course was very good.I learnt so many things in better way than before.
Very good learning through Coursera, Its help a lot in learning the python.
Friendly to beginners and encouraging! (From a student who study economics)
course is very knowledgeable and very helpfull to learning me python easily
>>>review = 'thank you...^_^'>>> print(review)              thank you...^_^
Data structures in Python, thanks a lot Charles Rusell excelent instructor.
This course is well designed and a great opportunity to start a new jurney.
I have learnt with very basic understanding that how to program in details.
The instructor Dr. Chuck Severance is an incredible and an awesome teacher!
Excellent course, excellent dynamics, Dr. Chuck is an incredible proffesor.
The most friendly instructor. And his explanations are easy to understand .
awesome learning expriance.easy to understand more confartable time period.
Dr. Chuck is the BEST. I would recommend this course to everyone out there.
Thanks for the class Dr.Chuk it is really very easy to understand and apply
This course teaches Python Languange from the very beginning, good course!!
Extremely well taught in a simple and lucid way. Highly recommended! 9.6/10
Excellent to Excellent course by coursera. Great platform to learn anything
It was a great platform to learn python from beginning to the higher level.
Dr Chuck is a great teacher. I wish there are more problems for practicing.
Great course! It was my first course in Coursera and I really enjoyed it!!!
Nice Teaching, Excellent Examples and explanations. Really worth attending.
This course is really excellent and it was a great experience with Dr.Chuck
very helpful, learning python is not hard at all with this excellent course
This Course is best for all data structure in python like list, tuple, etc.
I just love this course. Thank you coursera for offering this course to me.
Awesome course , also because the tutor is so amazing !! Loved it so much .
I loved this course too. Interesting with lot of knowledge based exercises.
Dr.Charles is very specialized, and explain the content using unique style.
This course was very beneficial for me. Thanks to give me this opportunity.
The learning curve is flat, let you strenghthen Python ability step by step
Very informative and understandable for a beginner as well as intermediate.
The whole curriculum was easy to understand the way it was taught. Loved it
Very good lesson for programmers who have some knowledge in other languages
It really helped me learn the concepts that i thought i might not complete.
love this course it is tuff but interesting also dr. chuck is great teacher
Avery good course for beginners and those who are looking to revise/revisit
there could be more exercises. but other that it was a wonderful experience
Easy to understand the concepts absorb things gradually. Thank you Dr.Chuck
I love learning Python from Dr. Charles Severance! This is the place to be!
The difficulty of the course follows an adequate progression for begginers.
the last chapter was a lit bit challenging, thus, students can learn a lot!
The course is taught pretty nice and and clean. I definitely learned a lot.
This course is amazing! Prof is awesome and stuff taught is really pratical
Great course!! Very practical and useful!! Thanks for putting it together!!
Very good materials. Assignments are a good way to test knowledge acquired.
Outstanding course! Highly recommend it to anyone wanting to learn Python.l
Magnific and amazing the way Dr. Severance teaches how to program in python
Very beneficial and easy to understand. Thanks a lot Dr Chuck and Coursera.
graduated like a champ...again, thanks to everybody who made this happen :)
Very good course, perfect for a continuation of the Python learning process
a concise and to-the-point course with no-fillers. very focused, if modest.
Great content and pacing, loves the P's and C's from the ceremony speech :)
The way Dr Chuck teaches I found that one interesting and that helps learn
A continuation of programming for beginners, its as good as the first one.
It help people to leaning very fundamental python. It good but easy for me
additional of  some sub courses which related to data structures is needed
the difficulty level was high but that's what you do to make a programmer.
i really do appreciate. thanks guys for helping me with a programming path
Great course and incredible teacher....it's awesome how explain so clearly
Very fun and a good step for beginner to start in the programmings world.
Im so happy.  Still, I'm coming back for the 100% grade instead of the 99%
Excellent course to know basics of Python data structures. Easy to follow.
Its a very good course and it would be a good start by joining this course
The course is a very good and the professor is knowledgeable and efficient
The whole course was awesome. And I would like to learn more about python.
This Course Really Help me alot to understand the data structure of Python
It was a very good course. I liked it and I'll recommend it to my friends.
Really excellent course :D Well explained and the assignments were useful.
Excellent course and excellent teacher! I'm really motivated and learning.
Excellent course at the right speed.  Dr Chuck is a phenomenal instructor!
I like this course because all the assignments are really interesting.!!!!
Wonderful course!! provides us good knowledge of  python data structures!!
It was awesome to learn python with Dr. Chuck. He is an amazing professor.
Dr Chuck has done a great job and I enjoyed the courseTHANK YOU COARSERA:)
THANKS A LOT coresera and Michigan university for helping me in learning .
This was a great course and also there were very interesting concept......
I am very happy to complete the course  because this course teach me a lot
Amazing.Very useful. It also provides the basis for programming in Python.
This course was very much helpful for me to getting started with Python :)
Excelent, very goog and well executed examples that ilustrates the  ideas.
Do yourself a favor and pick this guy's class if you want to learn python.
Just Awesome ! Would love if there would have some more assignment though.
great class, more time-efficient than reading the book and study by myself
Excellent, I reinforced considerably my previous knowledge on this toopic.
thanks a lot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! l love the ceremony and all your bonus videos!
Very good course, it is well taught with a lot of resources to learn from.
Fun and challenging labs, great explanations on data structures in python!
This course helps me to achieve high value of knowledge in data structures
I like the style very much,  wish I can finish this series of classes ASAP
Very well thought. Easy to follow and the resource materials helped a lot.
really nice structured course! very helpful! thanks dr.chuck and coursera!
For the life of me I still can't describe what a tuple is to someone else.
Explanation was pretty good. SET was missing in the data structure course.
Full in-depth information with helpful and real life examples for practice
very nice course on python data structure. explained in very simple manner
i super love this course.  the teacher in this lesson is so so so so good.
So much helpful to understand how to do programming in Python. Thanks :):)
Great intro. Amazing Monty Python Easter Eggs. Challenging, but rewarding.
This class is useful for me to do some thing about data process and manage
Chuck is really Great.. Now I am gaining confidence in Python... THANK YOU
I love this course, especially the additional history and interview video.
Its really very helpfull! Thank for all the people providding this for me!
Great for people new to programming and still building their fundamentals.
The course is interesting and easy to follow, I would highly recommend it.
Straight forward and to the point.  I like the lectures and the exercises.
Dr Chuck continuing the Python Saga...just awesome and highly recommended!
It's Very suitable for beginners.And it's a Very good introductory course.
Excellent teacher. Great course. Perfectly suitable for beginners like me.
Overall well constructed with a wealth of information in a short time span
An excellent course covering the fundamentals of data structures in Python
This course is well structured and useful. Can include more assignments:)
This course is very awesome. The tutor is so good. He explains very well.
It's an apt and feel good vibe course by such a connecting person Charles
Exceptional way of explanation Dr. Chuck. Wish I could meet you some day!
This was one of my greatest experiences I have ever had; learning python.
Such a spectacular course, i have ever done. Such easily explained . WOW!
excellent course, Dr. Charles Rusell is very didactic in his explanations
coursera is an excellent platform to learn new technologies.thanks a lot.
a quick way yet efficient way to learn about data structures in python :)
Highly Recommended for the students learning PYTHON for the first time:-)
I like the course too much, an Outstanding explanation by the instructor.
Very good course to do , you will get a clear idea about data structures.
Its great. The basics of the data structures have been covered very well.
Best lecturer helped me a lot to understand the data structures in python
This is very effective and interesting. Lots of new things I could learn.
With Dr. Chuck's course I really fell in love with Python and programming
get the knowledge of data structures in python and how to manipulate them
Amazing course! though some tasks were hard, had to go back so many times
A very good one with a lot of practice set which is most important. Thank
The teaching was super awesome.Very glad that i enrolled for this course.
Excellent course to learn your way around Python, thanks Prof. Severance.
A beginers level course. Great pacing and extremely energetic instructor.
Really useful into course. Exercises make you think and learn the basics.
Great Course!  I love that I am now in the know about this "Python Thing"
It really helped me a lot in learning python data structures from scratch
Great course to get a good base of Python programming and data structure.
it was excellent learning this concepts n applying in real world problems
I think that this course is excellent to start programming. Thanks a lot!
Great course, the content is super useful and the instructor is the best!
Straightforward and well explained introduction to programming in Python.
Thanks - I got a lot out of this that directly applies to my current job.
Instructor  is really helpful, providing base knowledge at every concept.
Thank you soo much coursera for building my python stronger day by day <3
Thank you very much for the professor and for this course ... all respect
I have good understanding of data structure in python due to this course.
Clear teaching structure and this really accelerates my learning process!
Thoroughly enjoyed this second course - really excited for the next three
Good video lectures which helps to get a good understanding of the topic.
Very well explained and introduced. So far, the best intro course online.
Cool. Just a few more assignments on datastructures would have been good.
a little harder that Course 1, but Prof has the excellent teaching skills
Good instructor.  Wish this course to include more examples and exercises
This unlike any courses , no need to talk about , MUST TAKE ! just that !
I used Python for years and still learned something new from this course!
many many many thanks to Dr. chuck. He rocks and made me rock the course!
Good course with great details covering basic and necessary fundamentals.
Very good course, give a quick and helpful introduction in python. Thanks
Sincerely, it is a wonderful course for anyone who wants to learn python!
Great course. Very informative, movement in difficulty very well planned.
Great course! easy to go through, but intensive and deep at the same time
Again, a very hands-on approach, Doctor Chuck is still a great character!
Dr. Chuck, you are the one of the best instructor anyone can hope for....
A brilliant course that builds on the basics covered in the first course!
Excellent, gives deep understanding of main data structures and its usage
Very good teacher and a very good introduction for python data structures
i love this course. according to me my experience is good in this course
overall this course is good enough as i can learn many things from here.
Highly recommended for a beginner who wants to get through DS of Python.
very detailed , fun and important course content. Loved the assignments!
Continued the high quality content from course 1 in this specialization.
Everything was really enjoyable, I really learnt a lot."Thanks Coursera"
If you are a beginner in Programming languages, you'll love this course!
this course was amazing ,i m really looking forward to have such courses
Thanks Dr. Chuck for making such a complicated stuff easy to understand.
Dr. Chuck, you are so inspiring. Thank you for  your excellent teaching.
Dr. Chucks teaching approach is AMAZING. You are gonna love this course.
Best to have basic knowledge for data structure with python for amature.
Great instructor and material!  Good pace for slower or faster learners.
tutor was good .i achieved this certificate because of him.thank you sir
Course is really good.I learned so many new things and concept.Thank you
What a wonderful and easy way to learn about data structures of python..
It a great course, and the instructor is one of the most valuable things
This is a Fantastic course for learning basic data structures in python.
It Is a great journey.Preofessor is outstanding.I wish to work under him
Fantastic course... Thank you for giving the most tips in a funny way...
Dr Chuck is an amazing teacher .It was nice experience taking his class.
Great course, very well explained and the teacher makes it easy to learn
It was amazing course. Totally enjoy the pace and content of the course.
Very good because it focuses on the inner detail required for perfection
Excellent course. I intend to complete the remaining courses for python.
Great course to do if you are new to programming and intersted in python
Great! I'm really enjoying the specialization. It is just what i wanted.
Very good teacher and nice assignment that definitely made Python easier
beginner python skills and some programming-career lessons from Dr.Chuck
Thanks for the opportunity. Wonderful learning opportunity. Go Dr Chuck!
A great course helping u get more familier with the python basic concept
your methodology of teaching is extremely good sir. i loved this course.
very good course  thank you so much to all who have created this course.
Great class. I learned a lot about manipulating tuples and dictionaries.
The way of teaching, the professor and the humor - all the best. Thanks!
It was a really great class and strengthened my understanding of Python.
I really loved it. It is always very clear and fun. Thank you very much!
fantastic course by an amazing teacher. Thanks so much Dr Chuck and team
The lecture was very good. I thought there could be more assignment. :-)
Awesome Course!! Thank you so much for providing all the information! :)
Great class for beginners! Good overview of the various data structures.
More than what one will expect!Excellent Course!Thank You, Dr. Chuck. :)
Engaging, simplified content (easy to understand concepts and functions)
Gives you a good overview about the data structures available in python.
The professor is very good at teaching, and I've learned a lot from him!
A very clear explanation and perfectly designed quizzes and assignments.
Great intro! This course gave me a solid baseline in these fundamentals.
A thorough and comprehensive course with many excellent worked examples.
I like the path this course is taking. qui va piano va sano y va lontano
I loved the way of teaching. And developed another Programing language.
it was good i got to know about basics of strings ,tuples,list,dict etc
Thank you, Dr. Chuck, for making python learning interesting and easy!!
Awesome teaching and a great course to start with if new to programming
The only course you need to get started with Data Structures in Python.
So understanding and nice teaching by Dr. Charles Severence (Dr. Chuck)
This course is very much organised and also easy to learn for beginners
Excellent course. Taught me tough and very difficult terms and methods.
Dr Chuck is amazing. But you all know that already! Great intro course.
Coursera is the best platform to learning new think and new technology,
One of the best course i have every done on this topic.A big Thumbs UP.
very nice and easy and understandable course for python data structures
By learning this course we can improve our programming knowledge skills
The course is very content driven and Dr Chuck is an amzing instructor.
I think the assignment is a little bit difficult. Others are very good.
i am moving towards building up my project with the help of this course
Recommend it to anyone trying to learn the basic of python programming.
A Great Course to get to know more about python and its data structures
Ulltimate way of teaching by Ultimate Professor.............. Thanks...
Great course. I really love Dr. Charles Russell and the way he teaches.
Best course I ever had. I would definitely suggest it to my colleagues.
awesome experience with Chuck Severence . He is a very nice instructor.
I had a complete best time with extraoridinary lectures flexible timing
Really started to understand evverything i did in the past this course.
The lecturer is funny and the core content of module is well-organized.
Highly Recommend! Great course put on for beginners getting into python
It helps me to understand a little about the data structures of python!
The way Dr.chuck explains is very effective and very easy to understand
I learned a lot taking this course enhanced my knowledge toward python.
Extremely informative and helpful. Thanks Coursera and Prof. Severance!
All the lectures and assignments are perfect for a new python learner !
Good course, really helping to improve my skill to write code in python
Great course to learn Python data structures and do some useful program
Great lectures and challenging exercises! I can really feel my progress
this second part was very interesting, i gonna keep going on the course
Really nice and easy course with very easy teaching pattern of the sir.
Nice course If you already know Python, this course is a very basic one
Great training. I love the way Dr Chuck teaches. he is very motivating.
Love Professor Chuck! This course is pretty useful and rookie friendly.
Great course, here's when finally the code learned starts to make sense
I really like this format. Easy to understand and the content is great.
Beautiful course to learn python as a beginner , highly recommended :')
Really Enjoyed this class, the graduation ceremony ...haha thanks a lot
good intro about data structures, missed a little bit about data frames
Excellent course with very lucid content and explanation by instructor.
I like this course. there is lot to learn for a beginner in this course
A bit more complex than the previous course but very useful information
Good Course to get hold of basics of python syntax and Data structures.
This is a great course and I can already write some programs in python!
Excellent course, very detailed.  I appreciate the time spend to crate
Learned a lot.  Dr. Chuck really makes his classes fun and informative.
Dr Chuck is a great teacher. This class is much better than Codecademy!
Always love your courses Dr. Chuck! You make them so much fun and easy.
Lecturer explains so well that it makes the topics seem extremely easy!
I love python and with this course I can know more about this language.
very useful course now I can clearly understand Python data structures
Very Good ! In this course I can learn more Python's topics in details
Good presentation and well explained lectures with practical examples.
I feel that, I have finished level 2 on my journey to python milestone
very well explained ,easy way to learn with some quiz and assignments.
Awesome course that let me know much more about python data structures
Professor is good, he used all his skills to teach us in the best way.
It has a very good pace for beginners. I really recommend this course.
wonderful course . Everyone can learn  python easier using this course
i really like how can this course make you learn while also having fun
This is a very good course, I hope this help m to get a good first job
Awesome course. Would be great if we could get more problems to solve!
The instructor, Dr. Chuck, goes through every concept very thoroughly.
amazing course, and thank you for this i really like this course a lot
This course was harder compared to the first. But I loved it. Thanks .
Absolutely enjoyed the course. Found it informative and easy to grasp.
Perfect course For Beginner Who is learning python... great experience
Dr. Severance has taught me something that I have struggled for years!
excellent specializedand the professor is fantasticmy greet from egypt
It's a nice course...........Detailed everything about data structures
Genuinely a very good course for the beginners  . Cheers to Coursera!!
Great course! Learned a lot and had a great time solving the exercises
very nice. thanks Dr.Charles Severance for all your wonderful lectures
Charles Russell Severance is one of the best instructor ever taught me
loved u alot Dr Chunk ...he really makes python easy for me.Great work
Excellent course and excellent instructor. Learnt a lot in this course
Concepts where clear and wonderful.I actually enjoyed learning python.
This course was awesome.Especially Dr.Chucks made it very interesting.
this platfow was very useful...i could see lot of improvment in myself
Best python specialization course. Never seen a better python teacher.
I have learned python in the best possible way from coursera.thankyou!
one of the amazing course ever i  had.instructor Dr.chuck are too good
On Point, love this course and Charles makes it so easy to understand!
It is made easy so that learners can learn effectively and efficintly.
Just Great! Attending Dr. Chuck's lectures is really very interesting!
the course was amazing and helped me a lot to develop my coding skills
Wonderful course, easy to understand and more clear in course aspects.
Very good learn a lot from Dr. Chuck thank him for his efforts with us
really helpful mooc it helped me learn about the python data structure
GREat vivid explanation. Helped me to understand the topics with ease.
good to learn! but this course cant make me a pro. it will just guide!
My experience was superb; very helpful and a lot of thanks to Coursera
Best training, best course that I've ever had. Everyone must try this!
please add more assignments, more practice. Thank you for good course!
Very clear and understandable learning stuff for beginners. Thumbs Up!
Pretty cool course. Finally learned why dictionaries are useful in Py.
Excellent course, I recommend it to everyone starting put with Python.
A bit harder than the first one, but worth it. I enjoyed it very much.
Excellent job clearly explaining basic concepts in Python programming.
This is a great course! I indeed learned a lot about Python knowledge.
I would like to participate the next part of this course, that's great
Great course, one of the best if not the best instrutor I came across!
Great course.  Really interesting and useful introduction to databases
This course is great for beginners and Dr Chucky is very good teacher.
Entertaining and educational.  Great first course to take on Coursera.
Great Course, it really helps me to learn a new programmation languaje
Another great course with lots of support from the mentors. Thank you.
Perfect for getting a deeper understanding for Python-Data-Structures.
Thank you very for your work. Cause it is priceless!
Excellent course!
An enjoyable introduction to the use of python and text file handling.
Seriously the Best online learning platform i have ever seen!!!!!!!!!
This course was very helpful, easy to understand and really fun to do
can understand  python very easily . thanks to thew professor chuck .
Taking this course makes me more confident for learning Programming!!
The lectures are fun to go through! Makes it very interesting to code
Highly recommended. Please excuse me, I need to take the next course!
The course is so nice. I really enjoy learning. Thank you, professor!
It was great .I think the course must also include more assignments .
Excellent course to improve your skills as a beginner data scientist.
A Good course with lot of information about DATA Structures of python
thanks my insteracture for this amaizing course with best explanatin.
This course helped me a lot to learn the data structures using python
a good course , a great team , thanks for all espacially for dr Chuck
A great beginning for programming in python.Dr.Chuck you're awesome!!
Good course to know about data structures. It really helped me a lot.
The tutor is absolutely great  and I think I  learnt a lot from him
well explained do at your slowest pace while enjoying with dr charles
EXCELLENT WORK! I AM LOVING ALL OF THESE COURSES AND THE EXERCISES!!!
I like the way Prof Chuk teaches. It is really playful and enjoyable.
MR CHUCK IS TEACHING AWESOME AND WONDERFUL EXAMPLES ARE GIVEN BY HIM.
It is a brilliant course with good practical exercises. Very helpful.
This course and the instructor of this course both are the best !!!!!
Nice, Everything wads explained deeply. I loved the course. Thankyou.
Thanks a lot to Chuck, you have led me in Python. I really love it!!!
Nice learning experience. Teacher was very good with his explanation.
Interesting as well as fun learning python with Sir Charles Severance
I love it! keep going) Thank u with me on this way and explain python
great course, leading me a more step closer to know how to use python
A really nice course to develop some  fundamental concepts in python!
Loved the course, the passion the style of the instructor was amazing
this course really helped me in understanding  python data structures
Amazing work in getting all the topics in a succint and no-BS format.
After one year of postponement, I have the opportunity to study again
again its five star because of dr charles severance salute to you sir
Very informative and interesting course! Thanks Dr. Chuck and team :)
This is a great course, that really makes you understand programming!
The instructor explains everything with passion. I liked this course!
i am very happy after i have completed this course thank you coursera
Covered most of the topics needed to get hands on experience with DS.
Excellent Course.. Making the complexity of programming look simpler!
These courses have helped me to improve my problem solving abilities.
The problems were challenging and it felt great when you solved them!
Great course with very clear and precise examples. Fun and intuitive.
Great Course and a great follow up to Course 1 of the Specialization.
Great course, really enjoyed the instructor's sense of humor as well!
Great overview of python data structures, their usage and advantages.
Good course to teach you the very basics with Python Data structures.
Much tougher than the first course but again Dr. Chuck was wonderful.
Good. First class. Helped me a lot to learn data structures in Python
Get's a little harder than the first course, but builds appropriately
A god beginning for someone interested in learning Python. Thank you!
Excellent course, Dr. Chuck is very thorough for beginners to coding.
Great work from Dr Severance and Coursera team. Best for your future.
amazing course.. its kinda hard than the first module but worth it...
What to say..NO words!!!!Simply Awesome platform to educate. Hats off
This course really helped me learning python . Lectures were too good
A hearty and immense gratitude for Dr.Chuck and his team, keep it up!
Dr.Chuck explains everything in detail, he is a really good lecturer.
Fantastic teaching :) Really fun to learn Python with Prof Severance!
Great course, understandable and not too difficult. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Great course! The instructor was informative as well as entertaining.
Pretty straightforward. A bit more interesting than the first course.
THANK YOU Dr.Chuck .It was a wonderful experience learning with you.
Thanks a lot for Charles Severance and his department "Slytherin" :D
Excellent courses about data structure in Python and... C++ (STL) :D
Very nicely design and explanation of the content is very innovative
Thank you Dr Chuck!! Learning is so easy with a teacher like you !!!
Great learning could love to have more coding practices in exercises
This is really awesome i learnt a a lot from this course. thank you.
Enjoyed. Last two assignments are tough to do without good practice.
Great experience of learning something new with good practical exams
It was a beautiful course,i learnt a lot ,also the tempo was perfect
Getting lot of knowledge in python and this course is very enjoyable
A very nice course and a brief overview of data structures in python
An amazing course designed by University of Michigan. Really love it
The course is super easy and it was fun learning along with Dr Chuck
IT was good. Could have been more detail oriented with more examples
I really like Professor.Severance in person and his teaching style !
I am glad to join in this courseThanks to my instructor and coursera
Again very good. Nice sized chunks, and Chuck is a great instructor.
i am finding it a very interesting course. And will continue further
Learned a lot as a beginner.Thanks for making it easy to understand!
In the section of list ,tuple and dictionary explanation are so good
A very nice course on data structures from a beginner's perspective.
Really gets comfortable with python. The Assignments were great too.
AS A BEGINNER INTO PYTHON  I LEARNED A LOT AND WILL CONTINUE WITH IT
Great Course. This sums up all the basics and fundamentals of python
very good course and very good method of teaching with good examples
excellent content, organisation and method of teaching was top class
Perfect way of interaction and understanding python data structures.
You are amazing, professor. Programming seems fun now. Thanks a lot.
A better course to learn about Data structures simply and throughly.
The course helps a lot to who are the newcomers in the coding world.
well designed and progressive course, which perfectly match my needs
Very intuitive and Great explanation.Understood every concept easily
Very Helpful and super exited to start another course under Mr.chuck
Thank you, Dr. Chuck! Thank you, Coursera! The courses are so great!
really enjoyed the course it was nicely managed than my expectations
Well prepared course to dummies to understand the python programming
Best course for beginners and this will help you to grow your basic.
Very effective course. Really helped me understand, and love python.
Good course. Cleared the concepts and got to know some shortcuts....
Really awesome course. Basic to advance. Keep it up. :) Happy Coding
Amazing, thank you Dr. Charles I have really learned a lot from you.
Beautifully explained and found nothing better then this. Thank you.
Loved it, interesting and educating. Wonderful instructor (Dr. CSEV)
I REALLY LOVE 'BONUS PART' :D Thanks, your course inspires me a lot!
Outstanding course. Highly recommended, the instructor is excellent.
Helped to build fundamental python and overall programming knowledge
Awesome course for understanding the foundations of Python Data str.
The Best Specialization with the Best instructor around the world :D
the professor is so funny!!  I hvae great enjoyable in the course...
Very good course for a non-technical background. I highly recommend!
The instructor conducted the course very well., never a dull moment.
Can not be more clear about the function of list and dict in python.
I actually feel pretty competent in Python! This is a great feeling!
Nice Course... Enjoyed learning basics of python. Thanks to Dr.Chuck
Easy to understand. Gets you up to speed in using Python in no time.
Great introduction to data structure in python. Love the instructor
really really great course !!!!! Dr.Chuck  is  a wonderful teacher.
he is excellent teacher i shown everthank you sir for best learning
great experience got to learn data structures related to the python
Amazing it was a bit difficult than the previous one but was fun.:)
Very informative and good course.DR.Chuck is probably beat teacher.
very good course to learn in depth about list,dictionary and tuples
A very good course. it makes you understand everything about python
Good teach and good video and audio quality and do good explanation
Another great course in the specialisation, can't recommend enough!
Great course for beginners. Dr chuck has fantastic teaching skills.
This is very nice course. The Presantations were clean and awesome.
Excellent course that helps you gain a strong foundation in Python.
It an excellent course as a beginner. Coursera  is a great platform
Dr Chuck thanx for making this course simple and a nice one to take
it was very easy learning with this course and all things r perfect
Excellent course for beginner programmers who want to learn python.
Amazing course. Very good to get started with Python or programming
The course was really good and there is a lot of scope of research.
Awesome learning experience, course is well designed and delivered.
The course is very well taught with real life applicable examples..
Best course I've ever taken on Python! Chuck Severance is the best!
increase the course exercises please they are too less for practice
very good course. It teaches me from basics to everything in python
very good class, reccomended for everyone who wants to learn python
Is's amazing course and i learnt different types of data structure.
Thank you sir, Your lectures are awesome and easily understandable.
This is a huge second step! Now I'm applying this to everyday life.
Very educational. Dr. Chuck explains the course matter excellently.
Awesome course, what I needed to progress in Python and programming
Great course. Prefer less video and more slides or so but whatever.
the course is friendly to an student who have no programming basis.
wonderful explanation of all data structures with implementation!!!
Very easy way of teaching, Awesome course. i recommend  this to all
Excellent teaching and Well organized course with perfect examples.
Professor Chuck is humorous and lovely. I really enjoy his classes!
Once again, a great offering even for a programming doofus like me!
A bit easy to me as I have learned python a bit before this course.
Great follow on to the first course, looking forward to continuing.
As usual, a great virtual sessions with focus on clear fundamentals
Really great course to learn about fundamentals of Python language.
It is very good for me to learn more about python.Thanks very much.
A great course, need more of Dr. Chuck courses with advanced topics
an excellent couse now I am ready to take data science with python!
Very good course and easy to follow with good python code examples.
Great course... instructor was engaging and fun - highly recommend!
Excellent course!!Excellent and interactive teaching by Dr. Charles
Thanks Dr. Chuck for a great course! Your videos are informative :)
Fundamental concepts explained very well. I found it really useful.
Great teacher, explanations, examples and he makes it entertaining.
Awesome. I learnt a lot. Special thanks to Professor and his staff.
Very easy to learn from. Computer science is no longer scary to me!
Amazing course taught by an amazing teacher. Thank You Dr. Chuck :)
Great course! and great professor! I recommend it so much.. cheers!
This course was amaizing! I am happy to learn with profesor Chuck!
Thank you Dr. Chuck. Grateful to Coursera & University of Michigan
One word: excellent.Great many thanks to Charles Russel Severance.
Great course that dives a little deeper in the python fundamentals
excelent teacher, the only thing i suggest is more worked examples
great course it was great to learn after an intro class on python.
I wish there would be more assignments or links to practice coding
It is the perfect course for someone interested in learning Python
o my god this course is worth thousands of dollars...great teacher
Very interactive and helpful course. I enjoyed learning very much.
This class really help me overcome my fear of coding using python.
Best for beginners. Excellent. Expecting more practice assignment.
I am happy that chuck made us understand each topic very clean way
The course is easy to understand, and very friendly for beginners.
useful for beginners to gain knowledge over python data structures
thank u so much Dr.chunk & coursera team for give me the knowledge
very effective course for beginners to about python data structure
great course covering all points in an easy-to-understand manner!!
Great ! The teacher is awesome and the course structure perfect !!
Great course, by a great teacher.Thank you very much Dr. Chuck !!!
I really love this course to help me in learning python playfully.
Was easy. tuples were a lil confusing but the teaching was spot on
Superb course, best part about it is that it starts from basics...
Great course. I'm looking forward to the next one in the sequence.
good sessions of course and given full clear details  of subject .
Usage of List, tuples, dictionary has been explained beautifully..
A little more difficult than the last class, but more interesting.
This course is good for beginners in Python and really well  done.
I appreciate this course so much as it prepares me to programming!
This is really good in understanding the Data structures in Python
Thank you for this wonderful course and Dr. Chuck you are awesome.
great course - challenging but manageable with a great instructor!
Brief and basic intro to Data Structures, very good for beginners.
A lot of thought has gone into this course.  It gets it all right!
this course is quite helpful in boosting skills in data structures
I just love this. Long ago since I have leaned so much. Thank you.
n=1000while n>0:                                print('THANK YOU!)
absolutely a great course. Greatly designed and greatly explained.
A succinct and to the point introduction to Python Data Structures
i  raly liked . i leard a lots, i recomend this course to everyone
very good course and everything looks easy with a nice instructor.
good overview for most important python data structure, like list/
I really enjoyed this ride.   I hope to go onto the next challenge
This is a very nice and organized course for Python for beginners.
Great course with excellent lectures and clear examples to follow.
Great place to learn python and programming in general. I approve.
Great intro into data structures of Python, with great challenges.
Excellent lectures and courses. Assignments are also very helpful.
Instructor was clear and thorough. I highly recommend this course!
Great Course for Python beginners as well as programming beginners
Perfect course for beginners....Everything is elaborated perfectly
This course was awesome. It shows hoe much there is to learn!!!!!!
Great lectures, and a good tempo - not too much, not too little :)
It is really useful. Thanks for Dr. Chuck. I really appreciate it!
This is a great step towards solving ones data complicated issues.
I had excellent experience. Nice teaching Sir, hats off to you. :)
You learn data types and data manipulation here. Very informative.
Awesomely Explained lesson,, fun to learn Python Data Structures..
Very good course for people who want to learn Python from scratch.
Charles is the best !!! The lecture is clear and well-constructed.
I love Prof Severance! This class was awesome and I learned a lot!
Great course with well structured content and great delivery style
Excellent course with lots of hands-on coding and troubleshooting!
Nice course, I believe that everybody can learn python easily here
Very good course. Excellent for beginners and explained very well.
Really step by step course. I enjoyed very much and learned a lot.
Very good for beginners. Good introduction to data structures too!
Great teaching and good examples! Thank you University of Michigan
Very well structured and presented the main data structs in Python
Very well qualified Instructor. Thanks a lot for the nice lesson.
this was one of the best courses i ever did.wonderful instructor.
If you want to learn python there is no better way I am aware of.
Takes time to explain all concepts to the lowest of understanding
It was really nice taking this course, really helpful. Thank you!
Excellent, I hope I can stay motivated to achieve the certificate
The lectures are clear and I have got the basics well. Thank you!
thanks for the class i've leart it too fast because of profeessor
I really like chuck's lecturers !! i picked this just for him ;-D
It was a great learning platform.Thanks to the course instructor.
A great course, probably the best I have ever seen in an website.
I would like to have the txt files available in every assignment.
very nice course, Mr Chuck explained everything in fantastic way.
The instructor was very through and entertaining at the same time
Dr. Chuck,an awesome instructor just made me to love programming.
that course teaches me how to deal with python smartly thats all!
All i want to say that now i can write code beacuse of Dr. Chuck.
Best Course Concepts are explained clearly and exercises are good
This course is simply awesome, everything was clearly explained .
Easy for beginners. Thank you professor for explaining in detail.
A very complete and great course to learn Python Data Structures!
The over all course is too good.There are few new things to learn
this is a must go course for everyone who wants to do pragramming
Very useful and informative course. Easy to understand and follow
It is one of the Best Courses on Coursera for Beginners!Thankyou!
Python Data Structures is totally understandable after this class
good teaching and good nature and very strongly fundamental clear
Very good Course to build your logic and basic programming skills
Nicely concepts are covered and contains fun learning assignments
This Course is a real good starting point for absolute beginners!
this course was so helpful for me i loving  learing from coursera
it's a great course, but, I think you could add more assignments.
i love the instructor. his class is very helpful and interesting!
The Course outline was very good.Concepts were clear and precise.
very nice course,  thank you coursera,and thank you MICHIGAN Uni!
really awesome, the course contents were well distributed. thanks
Top stuff. Highly recommend as an intro to Python Data Structures
Lucidly explained the Python Data Structures By Professor Charles
So helpful course. So funny Prof. I highly recommend this course.
Amazing Class .. super useful and very well explained by Dr Chuck
EXCELLENT COURSE TAUGHT BY AN EXCELLENT MENTOR. THANK U COURSERA.
Another great course to introduce python to a non-coder person :)
Great! It would be better if there's more assignment to exercise.
It is best way to study Python from the basic. Thank you so much.
Very Nice Course, Easy to understand and very nicely structured !
so great. i love it . and i appreciate the professor's hard work.
Great beginner course! Easy to listen to lectures, in my opinion.
Thank you so much for helping me get through the start of Python!
Great course! Learned a lot about the basics. Highly recommended.
Dr.Chuck is an amazing instructor.I learned so much.Thanks a lot!
Thanks prof. Charles, really learned a lot about data structures.
Superlative and just the right formula for teaching fundamentals.
For different data in Python, this class introduced them clearly.
Very informative and just the right amount of content per session
Thanks so much Dr.Chunk. east to understand the materiel as well.
Easy to follow and understand.  Good flow of information.  Thanks
Amazing course. Thank you Charles Severance! I really enjoyed it.
Dr. Chuck is a very passionate teacher.. I like his teaching.. :)
Very very  good, and I love the way professor teaches the course.
Very interesting and excited step along the way to data analysis!
Great, great, great class! I will recommend it to all my friends.
So easy to follow. Nice a start to learn a new computer language.
Awesome course and a case study for professors on "How to teach".
Absolute amazing, I will recommend this course to all my friends!
Thanks to Dr. Chuck and  every one who made this course possible!
Excellent course. Good intro to data structures. Good instructor.
Perfect! Clear, step by step explanations, practical assignments.
Very clearly explained and easy to follow. Excellent instructor.
Happy to learn this course. Nice explanation. Thank you Dr.Chuck
great materials, lecturer, tutorials, and assignments! thank you
Best course to learn the data structures of Python for beginner.
it's really professional course that learns me a lot in good way
Excellent Course I'm very glad that i took this course thank you
Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor as always. Very nice course
Great course, easy to follow but challenging enough to have fun!
Dr. Chuck is such a wonderful teacher and the course is AMAZING!
An incredibly informative course based on fun, concrete examples
it was a very good course, learnt a lot from this in a clear way
Excelent course. I am learning how to program for zero to hero!!
it was very nice experience to learn with university of michigan
Highly Recommend if you are a beginner and interested in Python!
Fun and easy to understand, highly recommended for novice coders
Great course, Technically and with week 7 Motivation. Enjoyed it
I am loving it. Thank you very very much sir chuck and coursera.
it is really fun and fruitful to learn from your site .thank you
it was a very great course for beginners as it builds our basics
got to learn about python data structure and a lot of new things
amazing questions and ansersand assignment are also have a level
very good course i liked it and it boosted my programming skills
course is very basic and the  way teches prof chuck is excellent
very informational and inspiring class.very  understandable  too
It was a great course Dr. Chuck. Would love to meet you someday.
Great course. Especially great ways of explaining things easily.
I liked this course especially the examples and the explaination
Great courseGave me a new lookout to the programming lang Python
its a very good experinece learning python using data structures
excellent way of teaching concepts so you really understand them
Excellent course. Great videos and assignments. I learned a lot.
Thanks Dr.Chuck! Learning Python is such an exciting experience!
This is a great course and it helps me grasp the basic of python
Dr. Chuck you are such a cool guy, I would like to keep learning
Great course for the beginner who wants to become data scientist
Great thanks to you Dr. Chuck for your work  and this courses :3
Great course to learn and understand the basics of Python better
Great sense of transmitting knowledge ... thank you Dr Chuck :-)
wonderful course but would like more like examples and excercise
Nice course and awesome teacher. Well explained all the concepts
The courses are very well constructed and very much challenging.
Very clear and effectively organised course. Highly recommended.
Dr. Chuck is amazing when it comes to learning python as always.
its great studying in coursera .i am really thankful to coursera
Good course. The teacher is personable and explain details well.
find it wonderful and taught very clearly with great motivation.
Thanks a lot Doctor, You made a difference in my career path !!!
Very informative. Shows how to do things in a proper python way.
Very thorough and helpful introduction to Python Data Structures
beautiful course for beginners. !! Thank you Professor Charles .
Very good course to introduce the topics in a very succinct way!
Easy and comprehensive course to learn basing programming skills
Great presentation by Dr. Chuck and wonderful materials. This is
Excellent instructions and exercises to dive deeper into Python!
Great course. Everything well explained and in an enjoyable way.
A good continuation of skills learned in the first python course
More difficult than the previous course, but still very helpful!
Very well structured and taught!! I really enjoyed learning it!!
I learnt a lot of new things and its fun with professor charles
I feel confident that programming can be learned from practice.
Thanks for the Motivation Dr. Chuck at the end of this course 2
it's my honor to get knowledge from such intresting personality
Great course! I really enjoyed and refresh many things. Thanks!
I love this guy's way of teaching and his Energy feels so great
All i can say is Dr.Chuck is best teacher and the best person .
This is my second course and I have learned a lot about python.
Great instructor and challenging assignments, loved the course.
Great course.. A little be challenging...but you gotta love it.
The instructor is super good and its highly recommended for all
This course was more demanding but it was totally worth taking!
good explanation of the topics and a very good assignment works
Very good course for beginners learning python data structures.
It was a nice experience and got to know many things in python.
An excellent introduction to python and programming in general.
excellent course.Learnt so much in a very short period of time.
One of the most important basic modules in this  course series.
it is great, it explains python data structures in a simple way
I Loved the course thoroughly.It was very detailed and helpful.
Brilliant continuation of first course, can't wait to see more!
Very good course to learns the basic of programming with Python
I really enjoyed this thankyou coursera you are doing great job
Excellent course for beginners. I highly recommend this course.
well designed program with great explanations and work examples
A way useful Python tricks in work with Python data structures!
This is a great course and I will recommend everyone to enroll.
Good intro to Python Data Structures and how to work with them.
Very Instructor and very clear the explaination of the lecture.
Excellent course related to how Python handles and parses data.
So satisfied me about basics of python... Thanks, Professor. :)
Great foundational course!  Insightful teaching from Dr. Chuck!
Excellent, it is a very good course, elaborate and interesting.
Great content and easy to follow. Really enjoyed the exercises.
I am confident I have a strong basis for python now. Thank you!
Really good lesson, clear, very well explained. Really like it!
Excellent course to learn the basics of Python data structure!!
Great! I have spent a week to finish this course, and it's fun.
Great course and very easy to understand, thanks Prof. Charles.
Like it a lot. It is easy to follow for a programming beginner.
Nice, but a little easy for students major in computer science.
Dictionaries, tuples, and motorcross. Can't go wrong with that.
Excellent! I learned a lot and with fun. Thank you very much!!!
The course was well taught and assignments were really helpful.
Great course. The lectures drive home the lessons from the book
Nice course. The way of teaching and course content is awesome.
useful and detailed, optimistic and interesting, thanks teacher
The way the course is organized is excellent. Enjoy most of it.
great course for new learner. It's easy and interesting course.
Good step up in difficulty while also remaining at a good pace.
a brilliant course,I enjoy myself very much during this course.
This course is solid and helped me understand concepts clearly.
Great course. I have learned a lot. Thank you, Prof. Severance.
I like this course series. Very simple, very clear, very funny.
Chuck is a great teacher - but make sure you read the book too.
Very nice course to get to started with programming in Python!
Awesome Course. Love you Professor Chuck.. You are awesome  :)
very lucid and excellent explanation of python data structures
I really enjoyed and learn more in the python data structures.
Awesome!!! The course is great and the instructor incredible!!
Amazing Instructor! Absolutely loved his teaching.! Thank you!
I really enjoyed it, and I want to keep learning from Coursera
Awesome course! Excellent content delivered in a pleasant way.
I think this course need more efforts to pass vs first course.
Dr. Chuck is a great teacher. He teach you in a very funny way
Lovely course, focused on the basics of Python. Recommended !!
nice course contain both theory and application part of python
thank you so much for sharing your knowledge and time with us.
Very exciting and fun to learn. Charles didn't bore me at all.
This is a very good course to understand the python structure.
One of the best Courses that i have had for explaining python.
it very helpful in learning and clears each and every concept.
really a great course appreciated a lot for python programming
A perfect course to learn the basics of Python data structures
I really love this course! I am learning new skills. Thank you
the matter given form the course is exactly correct to learn!!
best teacher i have ever came across makes python look so easy
it was great to learn data structure so easily by this course.
Really, very efficient pathway to understand and learn python.
The only reason both the courses were great was you, Dr.Chuck!
a very good teacher and a good teaching pattern. Appreciated !
Overall course of easy to understand and useful! Learnt a lot.
I highly recommend this course who wants to start programming.
makes it more understandable, easy to remember tips and tricks
The professor was excellent and the classes were equally good.
A very good course for learning the data structures in python.
thanks a lot my teacher and also coursera for this opprtinutie
A great way to learn the basics and  practice it in real life.
Very poor Server capacity. Problematic to complete assignments
It is really helpful for beginners in python. Thank you Chuck!
Nice course And the concept of list and dictionary are awesome
Very nice course. And the instructor Dr.Chuck is just amazing.
Very interesting and very hands-on. I've enjoyed it very much.
It's a little bit easy but very useful course for me.Thank you
Great ways of showing what's going on by drawing on the slides
its an awesome course to learn about the python data stuctures
Very entertaining lecturer.  Thank you.  Useful language also.
Excellent course and very challenging and exciting assignments
easy to understand with an big example goes through each topic
this course started to push me harder and I really enjoyed it.
Its an amazing experience a big salute to Dr.Charles Severance
The exercises really helped me to familiarise with programming
Excellent course for beginners. I would totally recommend it !
Extremely helpful & Charles is extraordinary while explaining.
Very good course to start learning Python collections. Thanks!
Lectures were great, very hands-on, the instructor is amazing!
learned so much.  can't wait to keep going on to the next one!
Great course.Very informative, well laid out & easy to follow.
thank you dr.Chuck. A wonderful online course experiment to me
Too easy, but love this professor, and he deserves a five-star
Good course for someone who is interested in Python, beginner.
Really informative,designed specially for beginners.Thank you!
A really interesting course abput programming, very engaging.
Great course that allows you to practice in challenging ways!
nicely crafted for better understanding. 2 parts down 3 to go
Very good basic course. I learned a lot. Thank you very much.
Excellent , Brilliant , Easy course yet again from Dr. Chuck!
Very very good explanation by Charles Severance sir thank you
very good lectures.really like the professor for his efforts.
Great course loved it ! A bit challenging than the last one !
it was very useful to learn more about python data structures
The course is awesome. I have learned a lot from this course.
Its very useful for beginners to learn about data structures.
Great! I learned a lot. Dr. Chuck is an outstanding teacher!!
Dr. Chuck is such a cool professor! Thank you for your class!
I am sure that these courses is the best way to learn Python!
Best course to start programming using python data structures
Outstanding Course! Highly recommended for absolute beginners
great course for learning new things and somethingExcellent!!
Charles Russell Severance is the best instructor in the world
I hope that there can be summarized notes for quick revisions
Awesome instructor made data structure so easy to understand.
Love it. Great learning experience from Charles. Appreciated!
A great course to start out with python programming language.
This class is so great.  I cannot recommend it highly enough.
Concepts are neatly explained.Very good course for beginners.
Loving this course! Practical examples and clear instruction.
Excellent course! Everything was explained very well. Thanks!
Great course! Looking forward to apply what I learned at work
Excellent. Determined to go through the entire specialization
Very good in all ways.Learnt Data structures in a simple way.
Thanks Chuck. I am really happy to have you as my instructor.
I feel really very lucky that coursera helping people to grow
i am very happy that i took this course and thank you Dr.Chuk
Great Course! Really helped me a lot in computer programming!
Mentor is awesome and the teaching methodology is incredible.
I love this course but I need to review it from time to time.
Loved the course. Best course to learn Python data structure.
It's very detailed, interesting and comprehensive. Thank you!
Very good instoduction, excellent lecturer and clear material
Good content + Nice lecturer + Clear video = Wonderful  Class
Great course! Congratulations to the Professor and the staff.
Great. Very concise, well explained and with great exercises.
The course is really well organized and easy to understand :)
this course is very nice. Easy to understand and very helpful
Excellent course structure with easy to grasp video lectures.
Brilliantly made with the perfect mentor and perfect material
far more practical than the  first.  I liked the videos most.
Nice course, Amazing problem. Learned a lot from this course.
I just love this course, assignments and of course Dr. Chuck.
Humorous professor is a must to a wonderful class Thank you~
A good course to follow the basic course. Enjoyed doing this.
Thank you Dr. Chuck for this awesome and easy2learn material!
Clear, and easy to understand description of data structures.
I learned a lot from this course.  Dr. Chuck is a great Prof!
I am so thankful, this course make python such an easy thing!
Really interesting points to construct a solid base of python
Very very useful. I have learned a lot of new things. Thanks
It was worth my time learning python programming. Thank you!
It was an awesome experience to learn python with dr. Chuck.
Nice to learn about lists, dictionaries and tuples in python
It is Beautiful course and Dr Chuck is a great Master. Thank
Awesome...Should be more aptly titled as PLAYING with Python
A quick and great introduction to data structures in python.
Very helpful and insightful, the teachers are very engaging.
its really awesome the way of teaching is really a cake wake
Dr. Chuck teaches extraordinarily well. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
The lecturer is really really good, he makes the course fun.
very good course for the basics of data structures of python
This course is very good for evry one wants to use python :)
Great course!, has some very good thinking problems in here.
Thanku so much Dr. Chuck for motivating. Thanku so much sir.
so very easy to understand and so good...Dr.Chuck is awesome
Wonderful course and very lively and interactive professor..
Very well explained, good pace all with an excelent attitude
Work with dictionaries in python is great. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Excellent course.I am looking forward to doing more courses.
this is a good course and assignments are quite challeneging
great and easy course on data structures, you gotta like it!
a great course for beginners. loved the instructor Dr. Chuck
great course to enhance the programming skill for a bigioner
Helped me alot in learning how the datatypes works in python
This course is really good and explanatory. good experience.
Excellent Course For Understanding of Python Data Structure.
An excellent course to learn basic Data Structure in Python.
Amazing Course.Dr.Charles is an idol!!Greetings from Italy!!
It's a good course to learn dictionaries and tuples concepts
easy to understand and taught in an orderly and succinct way
Great courses and teaching is absolutely fine....I like it!!
This tutorial is very helpful to learn python data structure
great experience ,good platform for learning something great
Excellent course, really starts to show the power of Python.
Absolutely phenomenal!  A wonderful course.  Dr.Chuck rocks!
A very well taught course which seriously focuses on basics.
Instructor DR. Charles Severance(Chuck) is fabulous teacher.
Its my first online course. it was a good experience in fact
it is really good, i love to study and teacher was very good
Good progression from the getting started course for Python.
Course materials are well structured and easy to understand.
It was clear, it was interesting and playfull :) I recommend
i am learning in this certification data structure of python
Best course , Best instructor and Best platform The Coursera
Just amazing course i will recommend it to everyone i know .
Great class!  Professor Severence makes learning Python fun!
awesome course, covers almost all basic and necessary topics
Very good course. I only regret not to havemore assignments.
Extra ordinary teaching by Dr Chuck .Very good assignments .
Great course! Nice and challenging if you are new at Python.
This course is excellent for beginners! Awesome instructor!!
Nice class, and I feel very excited with the help of Charlie
The course was awesome. Loved it like anything. Thanks a lot
I learn a lot of things in python that's why I vote 5 stars.
Very well delivered lectures. Very clear and easy to follow.
Great course that explain how to program in a very easy way.
Good course to learn the basics of Python's Data structures!
Thank you, Dr. Charles Severance. I really enjoy your class.
As usual, excellent way of teaching. Keep it up Coursera (Y)
Best Course I ever done for along time Thanks you very much
Great course for baisci Python programming skills learning!
Very good course design for beginners and a good instructor
I have two words to say "enjoyed" and "learnt" many things.
Nice course! The teacher is very clear in the explanations!
just the right thing to do for a programmer ...............
The professor explains every concept the best way possible.
Nicely taught couse for beginners in python data structures
A very basic and an easy course.. Delivers what it promises
i love the way sir teaches each and every concept so easily
A very nice course. very good assignment problems provided.
awesome guidance. Very amazing faculty and a great session.
awesome course everTHANK YOU Dr.Charles russel severance :)
Learning python is really made easy because of this course.
Great stuff loaded from the course instructor thank you sir
Exercises were very helpful, learned a lot of new concepts.
Good stuff from Chuck! I'd never ask for another instructor
This course is improved my knowledge about python language.
It was a great learning experience from such a great mentor
That was an awesome teacher, and a fabulous teaching style.
Learnt a lot new things and understood the concept clearly.
One of the best course I have seen with awesome Instructor.
Really Good! Will suggest this to every beginner out there!
This is a very  good course.It made me confident in python.
Great course. Coding is fun can be verified by this course.
Awesome teacher and awesome teaching on an awesome platform
Very Nice and Explanatory topics covered... Thanks a lot...
Chuck really makes this easier to understand Python basics!
In-depth and appropriate knowledge provided by this course.
Really helped a lot in building logic to solve a program !!
Excellent teacher. I would recommend this course to anyone.
Amazing course and very well taught with suitable examples.
An interesting and helpful section, which is worth learning
excellent introduction to data structures, it was very fun!
@drchuck is great. Good instruction and great explanations.
Best Course , Best Teacher...learned new things and enjoyed
Perfect course for my status. Dr Chuck, highly appreciated.
Clear and concise introduction to Python's data structures.
After this course I could finally get started using Python.
its awesome and fun plus it helps in competitive coding too
Very good class.  Allow anyone to learn at their own speed.
you'll start to really get into python specific stuff here!
you just can't get a better course of python than this one.
This is an amazing course. Thanks Dr. Chuck for the course.
Wow, now I know a lot of Python data structure :) Thank You
It was amazing. I have to make a coming out: I love Python!
nice beginners' course for Python enthusiasts and learners.
excellent overview of list and dictionnary data structures!
Seriously, what can I say?  I'm just straight up impressed.
Dr Chuck makes it look so simple, highly recommended course
just an excellent course to learn data structure of python!
learned a lot of the key features of python data structures
Awesome Course... Awesome Professor... Awesome Platform....
further discussion on loops, dictionary and tuple is useful
I just love the way this course is organized and explained.
I really like the course content and the instructor is nice
A great course, harder than the first one but just as cool.
Very well structured course, really good for the beginning!
Just Python fundametals in nice way!Dr. Chick is my IDOL ;)
The contents are easy to understand and learn, many thanks!
Excellent class and excellent professor! I love this class!
This is the best course, and Dr. Chuck is a best Professor
Excellent Course - Excellent Instructor - Highly Recommend
A very useful course for anyone who wants to learn Python.
had a great time learning bout the python data structuress
Very good course to contunie learning python in a easy way
Excellent teaching technique with best examples ,thank you
I it was very nice and productive leaning with this course
It was great taking this course. Happy I put in the hours.
Enjoyed learning thoroughly. Dr Chuck's classes r awesome!
Nice Experience learning,Always keen on What's Coming Next
This course is beginners friendly. I've enjoyed the course
i learn data structure in python. the teacher is very good
Great But can be improved with more contents like sets etc
It's an amazing course. I'm graduated in Python. Yaahaaaaa
Great and organised teaching by Charles Russell Severance.
Very Informative and the instructor is also very engaging.
one of the best instructor i ever got chance to learn from
I LOVE THIS COURSE! SO USEFUL! REGRET NOT FIND IT EARLIER!
It is very good course for beginners and it help me a lot.
Its the best course to learn python Programming in fun way
Excellent Stuff Keep Up the work Dr.Chuck!!Very Inspiring!
Highly understandable course. Examples used are very good.
Best python courses by best professor!!Loved your energy..
More programming assignments should be there for practice.
Data Structures concepts are clear now, Thank you Coursera
This course helped me lot to learn python data structures.
the instructor is brilliant and doesnt rush through things
MUST DO THIS COURSE IF U WANT TO INCREASE SKILLS IN PYTHON
So good for a learners. Specially our instructor Mr. Chuck
Easy to understand, quick course on python data structure.
best for who have some python basics from python everybody
Good introduction to understanding python data structures.
Learning Python is fun. Dr. Chuck will never let you bore.
Excellent course. easy to understand each topic and use it
Great course after the Getting started with Python course.
Great and Highly recommended MOOC to solve daily problems.
Excellent Journey throughout the course.A lot informative.
i found it excellent  ....love the instructor way to teach
Too Good! Feeling short of words. Instructor is damn Good.
Great course that shows the practical usefulness of python
Thank you very much for giving this wonderful opportunity!
A great course for introduction to python data structures.
Its Awesome, I learned a lot. Looking foward the next part
highly recommend for beginners, I'm continuing the series.
Excellent Course with a great pace and amazing instructor!
Perfect to get an understanding of structures in Python :)
What to say.. Great.. Marvelous.. step by step.. perfect..
Easy and friendly to users who just start to learn python.
Dr Chuck is awesome! Love learning Python, thanks Coursera
Very good lectures and interesting but efficient homework!
Awesome course. Excellent material. Dr. Severus is a hoot.
Dr. Chuck did a great job reawakening my passion to learn.
Wonderful course with detail instructions and assignments.
it's really esay to unerstand Chuck's lectures! Thank you!
Enjoyed this class very much.  I am excited to learn more.
Great Course with easy to understand content explanations!
Good course to learn the basics of python data structures.
really awesome course. I can recommend this for everybody.
Good for Starters with little or no programming experience
Great class, the information was well-presented and clear.
As usual, Dr. Chuck delivered more than what we asked for!
The explanations from the lectures are very comprehensive.
Just great! I had some much fun going through this course!
This specialisation is really useful to learn about Python
Loved the way , the subject was taught.Learned many things
excellent course with very easy and succinct explanations!
Thank to Dr. Chuck and all the team for this great course.
Good course content. It is very clear and well structured.
Excellent course! Great way to begin your work with Python
Love this class. The instructor is awesome. Two thumbs up!
brief descrption without any hassle and easy to understand
Very good course! Clearly demonstrated and easy to follow!
Very easy to follow and crystal clear lecture and textbook
gets better and better, amazing instructor, amazing course
the course was very helpful in learning python,thank you.
Nicely explained Python data structures and manipulation.
Dr. Chuck pushed me one step closer towards my goal, thx!
Really Good Experience to learn about the python data str
Very helpful , the documentation and videos are excellent
it was a awesome experience to learning via this platform
This is a very and important complete course, I loved it!
great course for a beginner to python and data structures
Excellent course! Easy to understand and well structured.
The explanation and the way of teaching i liked the most.
professor is really cool as well as he starts with basics
Atleast 5 to 6 questions should be taken in another video
this is batter course for understanding python programing
It is extremely good and beneficial course for beginners.
Thank you so much. It was a great experience learning : )
An easy and to the point course covers most of the topics
Good tearcherand you can learn what you want in Python!!
You will learn more than you think by taking this course.
I have been excited with the material and teaching method
Mainly I want say thanks for saying this with using files
Awesome and very effective course.  Thank you, Dr. Chuck.
Very interesting class! Looking forward to learning more!
really nice experiance in this course for python studying
The course is great. Dr Chuck is an excellent instructor.
Best wrt the time and the instructor is really excellent.
A great course for beginners to learn about python basics
Great course! The instructor explains everything so well.
very impressive teacher and useful suggestion many thanks
Overall very good course for the beginners. Thanks Chuck.
Nice place to start learning about python data-structures
One of the best if not the best ways to learn the Python.
This course is by far one of the best MOOCS I have taken.
Great instructor. Great lecture materials and assesments.
Thank You Very much for approve my financial application.
Perfect course, easy to understand, interesting to learn!
Thank you so much sir your teaching style is outstanding.
This one of the best course I have ever done  for python.
Amazing course. A must to have for all Python enthusiasts
very nice & excellent in explaining each and every types.
Very much to learning things about python in this course.
Loved Dr. Chuck and the advice he gives along the way. :)
Great professor and good intro class for data structures!
Great course, very informative with an amazing Professor!
Best material related to data structure are present here.
Thank you Prof. Chuck. Great at breaking everything down.
Great content.really enjoyed the lectures and assignment.
It's very useful and bennefit me a lot, I really like it!
Please give a course on OOP in python by the same teacher
very useful course content and real time problem solving.
Excellent looking forward for some more Python courses...
A good course. Do over and over though. Not a speed test.
cleared my concepts on basics of data structure in python
Excellent tutorials and Classes by Sir Charles Severance.
Very good course for beginner to understand the concepts.
Excellent course. Easy to understand and some fun course.
good class a little slower then the first but still good.
Very informative sessions.. I love the way he teaching...
Can't wait for #3Another excellent course from Dr. Chuck.
great class with good exercises at the end of each lesson
Cute Professor wwwwEfficient teaching and lovely examples
The courses are awesome. Thank you, Dr.Charles Severance.
This class is awesome and professor is very interesting !
Very Interesting course with a really delight instructor.
Nice way to teach data structures. Perfect for beginners.
Fantastic, Thankful to coursera, Dr Charles and his team.
Nicely taught by sir. All basics are covered very nicely.
Highly Effective Course for me and my data science skills
excellent material , i really enjoyed this class.thanks!!
One of the Best Lecturers, the best course I've ever met.
This course makes Python data structures easier to learn!
Great course , the material and exercise is very needful.
Amazing course. Congratulations and thank you, Dr. Chuck!
Great course to get started with Python data structures.
A great course and very nice content i really enjoyed it
this course is very much useful for beginners for coding
Very nice course. I am able to learn many things from it
Excellent course.  Highly recommended.  Good Instructor.
Amazing course, amazing instructor and amazing questions
great course, very well explained as always by Dr. Chuck
such a great instructor I'm really enjoying and learning
the course is really and teaching of Dr.chuck is awesome
A great course. Excellent content and easy to follow it.
Very educative! Easy grasp on data structures in Python.
Respected sir Charles severance is a awesome instructor.
extremely helpful.. course development is well organized
A very informative course taught very well and with ease
learned alot of new things that i didnt know previously.
very useful and it makes you do great progress in python
probably best course with definitely 'the best teacher'.
Dr Chuck is awesome!!!!!!!!!! I wish to meet him one day
This course is very good and very helpful in programming
easy to understand the topics what explained in lectures
Great course, I will continue with the specialty program
the way of is quiet impressive ..and thanks to professor
Dr. Chunk  is very funny and makes us easy to understand
It was good course to start with python data structures!
It has been an awesome experience!Thanks Dr. Severance!!
Great course,must learn from this awesome made contents.
Very interesting way to learn data structures in Python.
Course is nice and easy compared ti other python courses
very good course.gain a knowledge in the data structures
It's a great course with great lecturer and materials!!!
IT WAS REALLY A GREAT TO BUILD YOUR CONCEPT WITH PYTHON.
The course was well structured. kudos to the instructor.
Nice assignments and nice lecture material is provided .
Great job at keeping the lecture in the most simple way.
wants to learn more courses as they are very interesting
Amazing course, would definitely recommend to beginners!
You must take this if you want to learn Python properly.
Excellent course. Hope to enjoy the course everybody. :)
Really helpful and inspiring. Dr. Chuck is just amazing.
best resource for one to have solid foundation on Python
excellent course, builds cleanly on the preceding course
This is a fantastic course about python data structures.
Awesome course materiel and teaching style of Dr. Chuck.
THE COURSE IS VERY DEMONSTRATIVE, EASILY UNDERSTANDABLE.
I'm getting more understanding of python with professor.
Great course. Just enough of a challenge for a beginner.
I really enjoy the course and the teaching methods used.
Its wonderful for beginners to learn python efficiently.
I learned a lot. I wish there were more problems, though
It was a nice experience to learn python with Dr. Chuck.
Great course, easy to follow with lots of great examples
nice lecture but the homework should be more challenging
Thank you, professor! You make the Python easy to learn.
Very helpful! I have found it very interesting and funny
It's a very great opportunity for being part of coursera
This course was also very good like the previous course.
Best class I have ever taken in regards to programming!!
Excellent course... Recommended for beginners like me :)
Very instructive. I am enjoying these classes very much.
Great class. Charles is a great instructor, good pacing.
Easy to pick up. I think it's pretty appropriate for me.
Thanks  a lot,Dr chuck. You trigger my interest on code.
I really really love this course....Thank You so much...
the instructor is very good i really learn alot from him
Awesome course. Dr Chuck is made it possible, thank you!
Good course and perfect execution. Keep up the good work
challenging, very informative, and kept my mind thinking
explains stuff very clearly with easy relatable examples
very useful and I love this course, thank you very much.
great course, i had fun and the forums were very helpful
Perfect course, well prepared, all clear, great teacher.
Good course for learning about data structures in python
Awesome course! Its helping me every single day! Thanks
Great course, easy to follow and entertaining professor.
I'm realize to programming is part of our life........PR
Excellent course. I love Python. I love can programming.
Dr Chuck is amazing! Enjoyed every second of the course!
Excellent class.  Every concept is thoroughly explained.
the course is easy to understand and fun. Really like it
Wonderful course. Interesting professor. Useful content.
It gives a comprehensive introduction in Data Structures
Fun and interesting course, Dr. Chuck is always the best
Clear and straightforward. Recommend for quick learning.
Started this course today and i find it really very nice
Legendary teacher with exceptional teaching skills.....
Must do course if one aspire to be very good in python.
Dr.Chuck is an awesome professor, knows how to teach !!
he taught us in a great manner in an understandable way
very helpful! i learned a lot in this course. thank you
I will study Python very hard Thank you this coursera.
Thank you, Charles Severance. You are the best teacher.
Excellent instructor, class and pace. Highly recommend.
excellent and want to learn more and dept on this topic
It was really challenging, yet made easy to understand.
It was interesting and good learning experience for me.
This is an amazing course and the instructor was great.
very good exprence with coursera and trainer is amazing
Dr. Chuck is amazing. He made the hard job easy for me.
The course is excellent. I understand everythin nicely.
Best course for getting into data structures for python
I like the way concepts explained with lots of examples
this  course is best  for initial to professional level
perfect for them who have ever  learn basics of python.
A good way of teaching and very interesting evaluations
Easy to cope upBest courseShort and sweet and effective
good explaining technique and the quiz is also valuable
explained very well every topic mentioned in the course
If this doesn't deserve 5 stars, I don't know what does
Fantastic... really loving the humour of Dr.Chuck... :)
Great part 2 course. Highly recommend it. On to part 3!
it was an amazing course and I enjoyed every assignment
just great course try it for urself. great teacher too.
Dr Chuck is an amazing teacher. Explaining things well.
So happy with the course .... it is amazing and helpful
Very thorough explanations. Amazing certificate so far.
It's a really good course!! Really appreciate Dr.Chunk!
i like it more than the first one . Thank you coursera.
gives the best opportunity to understand the data types
Great help with my understanding for Python Programming
It was a good time to learn about the basics of Python.
As the previous one the topics are very well explained.
A course which makes you understand the subject easily.
Excellent course to learn about Python Data Structures!
It was really great. Video about graduation is awesome.
The course provides an excellent introduction to Python
I found the course very interesting and easy to follow.
This  course is simply awesome . Dr chuck is the best .
Great course, step by step of guidance to master Python
Love it.  Can't wait to get started on the next course!
Great program, thanks to Coursera and its associates...
Nice learning experience. Dr. Chuck is awesome lecturer
The best course for beginners. Thanks a lot, Dr. Chuck!
Great course for beginners interested in CS and python!
Great course for learning the basic concepts of python
Great course! Dr Chuck is my Fav on coursera for sure.
The course was awesome very clear content and practice
Great course! Easy to follow and awesome instructor :)
Great course. Great experience of learning new things.
It was extremely helpful and so well explained by sir.
excellent course and the tutor is outstanding as usual
Easy to follow and interesting classes from Dr. Chuck!
Excellent in clarity of thoughts and learning pedagogy
Found the classes very interesting well done Dr.Chuck.
The best course I have ever attended on data structure
Easy to understand Instructor. Lots of good knowledge!
Interesting course due to unique teaching of Dr.Chuck.
Great course for beginners and such a good instructor.
It was nice and good experience learning with Mr.Chuck
Thanks Dr Charles Severance for this fantastic course.
Great Learning Experience! Thank You Dr. Chuk and UOM.
i have learned a lot during the python date structure.
this was very helpful in learning the basics of python
it was one of the great courses available on coursera.
Absolutely amazing! everything is so clearly explained
This course has really tasked my brain and i loved it,
my opinion about this course ,the course is amazing in
assingments were tuff but chuck sir was perfectly good
Dr. Chuck is a kind of instructor one should look for.
It was an excellent course. Thank you for your efforts
content of course is very good and book is very useful
Just Loved it. Literally I am just loving python a lot
The instructor's way of explaining things is excelent.
good course to get started with python data structures
Dr chuck is best..The way of his teaching is awasome..
The concepts are explained in a clean and clear manner
Awesome, practical and inspirational. Dr. Chuck rulezz
Very nice course with easy and understandable classes.
Useful lestures and a fun way to start learning Pyhon.
The content was well enough to understand the concept.
Really nice course, second part of introducing python.
very useful and a little bit challenge for beginners !
It was awesome and helped me understand Python better.
very helpful. I've learned what I ignored in the past.
It totally clears the concepts and strengthens basics.
Awesome course, I learned so much! Thank you Dr Chuck!
SUPERB COURSE.THANX ALOT TO PROF.CHUCK.LOVELY TEACHING
Learnt Python Data Structure which was explained nicel
Another excellent course.  Makes learning Python easy.
Very good class to ramp up. Very helpful for beginners
Learning a new Skill Python helps in my Career growth.
Very Comprehensive course on data structures in python
Super great course! love the structure of this course.
Very well structured course!Good for python beginners.
Very nice lecture to understand python data structures
a very detailed explanation that is easy to understand
Great course, with really engaging material and tutor.
Fun, challenging course.  Awesome graduation ceremony!
It's getting more difficult, but it is very enjoyable.
Dr. Chuck is awesome! Best python specialization ever!
Very nice course..well articulated...easy to follow...
I love those informative interviews. Great job. Thanks
explanation of ists dictonaries and tuples are so good
I like the course so much and it was so useful, Thanks
Great course! Finally I can create a program I needed.
This is an Awesome Course!! I give it a 5* rating !!!!
A big course, an amazing experience with the Dr. Chuck
Nice Course. Learnt a lot. Thanks to the instructors..
Oh,  it was Really Fun course! Thank you Mr.Severance!
Very well presented lectures and thoughtful exercises.
Excellent basic course on Python, freshmen recommended
Awsome Mr.Chuck. I loved the class. Thank you so much.
Excellent course to understand python data structures.
Builds the knowledge and course videos were excellent.
Great continuation!!! It has surpased my expectations.
The interviews are really interesting and informative.
The course is very easy as compared to other courses.
wonderful course for beginners, enjoyed it thoroughly
Course Content is great and the instructor is awesome
Learning new things help in boosting self confidence.
I think this is an awesome course, very engaging. ^_^
Takes the amateur to be a semi-pro, Really awesome!!!
Simply the best online course that I have ever taken!
Excellent course for someone whose in beginner phase.
Well designed course to learn python data structures.
it was wonderful lecture, i just loved it to the core
Really easy to understand. Explanation is really good
the course is fantastic. from it I have  learnt a lot
Beautifully Explained.The assignments were also good.
Again, a best teaching from University of Michigan...
best teacher i ever known  for programmingmust attand
Good Course for learning DS in Python from the basics
Dr.Chuck is the best trainer, I've ever learned from.
Dr.Charles Severance is best for python in the world.
can not believe I have a good English reading talent.
It's a nice course and I spent two days finishing it.
Excellent content covered all types of data structure
very good course. Nice teacher and useful instruction
It was a great course with a great teacher. Thank you
Good teacher and understandable basic python learning
Great class, I learn a lot from it. Great instructor!
Fun! Quite basic, but I liked his pedagogy very much.
Very use full course for python data structures study
I took the course because of Dr. Chuck. Great course.
best teaching skill and very easy to grasp the topics
I love to learn to program. thanks, Coursera and Sir.
Interactive and hands-on part is designed beautifully
Its a great experience, i had gone through the course
Amazing course and really helpful and understandable.
Excellent Course To Learn And Improve Python Skills !
i have beginning to understand now that coding is fun
excellent understanding of data structures in python.
Learn a lot of from this course.Highly recommendable.
interesting teacher, accurate class, excellent course
The Great course!!! Highly recommended to everyone...
Very brief understanding of data structure. thank you
It helps me gain new enlightenment on data structures
I like this course very much, and I want to continue.
list,tuples,dictionaries were the some amazing stuffs
Awesome!! ...Python Course ..Thank you Dr.chuck..  :D
A very nice fundamental course for python programming
Once again I simply loved the course, THanks Coursera
I love this course. It is very suitable for beginners
Fundamentsl introduction into Ptython Data Structures
Well explained and challenging enough to stay focused
it helped me a lot in learning python data structures
Clear and concise instructions ! Great experience !!!
Thanks a lot for making this very informative course.
it is a comprehensive course with a lot of materials.
Dr Chuck Is great, wish he could also come to India!!
Nice one!Thanks to Professor who is very motivating!!
Totally understand list, dictionary, tuples and other
Very informative and very well structured. I like it.
Charles Severance is the best in best. Thank you sir.
Great course.  Thank you for providing so much value.
Very good information and organization of this course
very intuitive and the makes programming easy and fun
Impressive!! Really getting more and more interesting
Great follow up of a great course for learning Python
Excellent explanations for the python data structure.
Good course and love the professor's way of teaching!
Outstanding lectures! I like the ceremony video too !
Great course. Follows on perfectly from the last one.
This class was great! The teaching staff are awesome!
challenging and the perfect pace!  i learned so much!
like it says in the intro this is great for beginners
Its cool introduction to python basic data structures
The best courses I've ever seen! Thanks for Dr.Chuck!
Excellent course. Clear lecture and useful knowledge!
Fantastic course, I learned a lot through this course
Good and clear introduction to Python data structures
Very well explained and the labs are also very useful
Great course, I learned a lot! Professor is great too
Excellent Course !Easy to understand! Love Dr. Chuck!
Great course and I will keep learning python courses.
Great teacher,the class is funny,the process is clear
Very good and helpful! I appreciate Dr Chunk! Thanks!
Real easy and fun way to learn about data structures.
and the course can improve my english.
Basic and well explained concepts on data structures.
Great course for Python Beginners with great Teacher.
Easy to follow, good pace, good supporting materials.
good course to learn basics of python datastructures
awesome course. wow Learning a lot from this course.
a good courcee to learn data structure using python.
this is awesome course to enhance your python skills
Excellent Teaching. I love your lectures Dr. Chuck!!
Excellent course for those starting learning to code
it was awesome about learning python data structures
This was a good course and helped me to learn python
Very useful course and very well taught by Dr. Chuck
As always, it was extraordinary class with Dr. Chuck
nice, understandable course with an awesome teacher.
It was great learning on Coursera with Dr.Chuck.
An excellent approach to teach the concepts briefly.
This course is best for python beginners i loved it.
I like the professor and he is easily understandable
worth course...best course to learn and enjoy python
It's a great course at the beginning of programming!
Awesome course ,I felt so comfortable with Dr. Chuck
Another amazing course from Doctor Chuck. Thank you!
Easy to follow. Subtle and apt approach of teaching.
Very well taught. recommended for absolute begineers
Thanks to Dr.Chuck for his excellent lecture videos.
learned a lot being a beginner...was easy to follow.
It was a really good experience for learning python.
We love you Dr. Chuck. You are an awesome Instructor
good, fun, thanks dr. chuck you are a great teacher!
The assignments are where you solidify the learning!
excellent course.i would recommend to all my friends
really easy tounderstand and very efficient to learn
I recommend this course for every python beginner :)
Great course. Super clear. Well structured material.
Great course and recommend to anyone learning Python
The best course for python data structures.Thank you
Really helped me get the basics of Python cleared :)
Very useful for each element I learned for each week
excellent course and highly motivational discussions
Excellent presentation and easy teaching methodology
Thank you so much Dr.Chuck for offering this course.
A very nice and informative course for the beginner.
As usual, very clear content, well paced and driven.
I learned a lot from the course! Highly recommended!
Great course and very talented instructor. Tank YOU!
excellent lecture , thanks for your contribution sir
Great course -recommended to all! - Long Live Chuck!
Easy to follow and the concepts were explained well!
Great, but the assignment video is a little bit long
great instructor!course materials are quite amazing.
nice joruney and happy experience,you will like too.
GREAT COURSE, very detail and great discussion board
It is a very useful and a little challenging class !
Great learning Python data structures with Dr Chuck!
Great course, wonderful and enthusiastic instructor.
Great course and continuation from the first series.
very nice course! I will refer to all of my friends!
Clear, concise, considerate, with inspiring "Bonus".
Excellent course to beginner, although can be tough.
Dr. Chuck is amazing. I highly recommend this course
Helps me a lot to continue my learning python.Thanks
Its a vey nicely organized course. Professor Chuk is
loved the pace loved the material. it was fun for me
This is a great course for true beginners of Python.
Great and simple examples, also, easy to understand.
wonderful course and nice mentor, thank you so much!
It was a really great course. Will surely help a lot
Very nice course and the instructor is also awesome.
The teacher explains everything in an excellent way.
The teacher is very funny. Sorry, I can help myself.
Great course for learning advanced basics in python!
good course and professor made it easy to understand
Great course that helps  build skills in programming
I loved this course and the instructor is the best.
its really a great experience learning python here.
fantastic course !! ohh ya i like it a lotthanks!!!
best teaching.learned alot,i recommend this course.
Charles is one of the best teachers I've ever seen.
All topics of DS nicely covered along with handson.
The best course, well expained, i saw it on YouTube
Great! Easy to understand and obtain the knowledge.
It's really amazing and the content are also useful
I learn lot from this course. Special thanks to sir
The course was well taught,examples were excellent.
completely interesting and very logical assignments
Leaning is easier with Dr. Severance! Great course.
It fulfilled my expectations, a really good course.
Very Excellent Course and thanks to Professor Chuck
A very good instructor explains very well in detail
Amazing course for most of the beginners in python.
Very Good  to the course and the instructor. Thanks
It is a good course to take up for python beginners
Very good course..easy to understand.. thanku sir!!
This Course is very interesting and well furnished.
That was great course , i have learn lots of things
Very good course and thanks to the great professor.
Best course for building strong basics and concepts
Good  course & Good method of learning & practicing
A good course would also help for even beginners! 
Thank you, Dr. Chuck! This is a really great class!
nicely organized, clearly, and precisely explained!
Excellent Introduction to the basic Data Structures
This is the best, most comprehensive Python course,
Great course for someone from a non-dev background.
Was a great course.. Learned and Enjoyed it a lot..
Descriptive and very nicely explained and designed.
One of the best course I have completed for Python.
This course is excellent! Thanks for the professor.
Thanks for Dr.Chuck!! This is very helpful for me!!
Just as elaborate and worthwile as the first one :)
Clear explanations but more practice will be better
very effective course to boost your basic knowledge
Such an Awesome Experience!! Learn lots of things!!
This was a learning and hands on experience for me.
DR Chuck is awesome! great personality as a teacher
The way the concepts are explained is just great!!!
The very best of Python. Thanks so much, Dr. Chuck!
Really The best Course to understand data structure
Very good designed for getting started with python.
Excellent course! Thank's to Dr. Chuck from Russia!
Amazing course. Very enjoy full. Learning made fun.
friendly to new learners. Thanks a lot to lecturer!
Good introduction to a potentially difficult topic.
Great course, great instructor. Good job Dr. Chuck!
Dr Chuck is awesome. He made Python a joy to learn!
Thank-you so much for explaining things thoroughly.
Very Nice and tactful material. Easy to understand!
i really loved this course. Good job coursera team.
Great course. Really well taught. 100% recommended.
very interesting professor! and very good teaching!
Great course for Python beginners. Thanks, Charles!
IT'S A VERY GREAT INTRO COURSE FOR PYTHON! LOVE IT!
Very nice course. I would recommend to any starters
Excellent explanations give by the Professor :) !!!
Its a simple way to learn data structures in python
Read book for supplemental material. Good overviews
very good stuff , very good material really usefull
Awesome course taught by an even awesome professor.
Fantastic Course. Really starting to make progress.
Awesome video tutorials,clear and precise.Thank you
Useful interesting lectures ! thank you very much !
excellent setup nice with the additional video's!!!
Excellent course, very interesting and challenging!
It's good to learn python and have a lot learning.
it is a good course,it helped me a lot to improve.
This course was very useful and interesting to me.
Excellent course!!  Recommended for the newbies :)
Great course !! Everything explained in a easy way
Nice learning experience with amazing Dr. Chuck :)
Great courseEnjoyed solving Assignments, Exercises
Perhaps the best instructor ever! Cheers Dr.Chuck!
Teaching Style Is awesome and coolDr.Chuck is best
A very informative course combined with exercises.
A Very helpful course and i thoroughly enjoyed it!
Delighted to complete this course. Thanks Dr.Chuck
Great course! Easy to follow and very informative.
Excellent course for someone who is just starting.
The best course to learn data structures in python
It was a  great experience to learn something new.
Excellent faculty ,best explaination of everything
best recommended course if you are learning python
Excellent Course from Dr.Chuck. Thank You so Much.
Learned about Data Structures and its applicatiion
its very interesting to learn new things on python
The initially given code is not self-explainatory.
Very insightful course on Datastructures in Python
good courses by coursera on python data structures
Great course... Dr. Chuck is an excellent tutor...
great course but there must be hands-on experience
Never thought python learning could be so much fun
easy to understand course with easy going lecturer
I Enjoyed This Joy of Learning.I Easily learned it
Best Experience i learned alotThanks to COURSE ERA
This is a very great course and I really enjoy it!
Great course. Simple enough to keep you motivated.
the way of  teaching is amazing sirthank you sir..
THIS IS A VERY GOOD SPECIALIZATION TO LEARN PYTHON
It was a fabulous course by such a good instructor
It was an amazing course and dr. chuck is awesome.
Concise but very practical and easy to understand.
I'm really enjoying the course from the beginning.
Great introduction for data structures in python 3
Amazing way of teaching! Enjoyed the course a lot!
learned a lot about data structures in this course
Very nice course. i'm glad to attend this training
Clear explanation, fun experience! Thanks coursera
Great course. Smooth transition from the first one
Nicely explained concepts with practical examples.
super extraordinary of arranging syllabus contents
Very well structured course along with assignments
Very clear explanation and link to the real usage.
Super easy to navigate and I loved the instructor!
It was a really interesting and enjoyable course .
amazing work . your course helped me a lot!!!!!...
best course to start data structures with python 3
Well organized and explained, easy tasks to solve.
Great content, good pace, well organized material.
the content small but has big use and so important
Very good course...loved the way it was presented!
he is the man!!! fantastic, an all american pioner
I like the learning style of learning in this way.
This is the python course I am always looking for.
its very easy to understand, and also, lots of fun
Easy to understand and very interesting professor!
this course is very useful and easy to understand
detailed course on various uses of the components
Fantastic course, great instructor, good content.
Amazing course content and an amazing instructor!
Thank you Team Coursera. it really helps me alot.
I learnt a lot from Dr Chuck. Thank you very much
Loved professor Chuck and his method of teaching.
The course is very interesting and easy to apply.
grate job, one of the gratest courses i have take
Great course. the practical exercise is detailed.
This course went very good..and I really enjoyed.
Thank you Dr. Chuck, you are an excellent teacher
A extremely valuable and very interesting course.
What a great course for beginners at programming.
Good course. Getting better at coding day by day.
Thanks a lot for the Quality of theses courses :)
Best course for learning python for beginners....
Great introduction to Python. Highly recommended!
Great course, Mr Chuck is an excelent instructor.
Awesome course by an awesome instructor.Thank you
Cool , Especially the instructors pretty awesome,
an excellent course for beginners to learn python
A very good course, easy to understand and apply.
excelent course, i will build a statue of Charles
Good course for those who are starting on python!
I have learned from the very basic and i loved it
easy course for learning data structure of python
it is awesomeand takes very less time to complete
This was pretty fun experience doing this course.
Great course for learning python data structures.
thank you so much coursera  for improve my skills
A very wonderful course everyone should try this.
After Basic Python one should definitely do this.
We love you Dr.Chuck!You were amazing. thank you.
good course to understand python data structures.
it was a great experience learning with dr. chuck
Very good explanation of topic and demonstration.
Great instructor and course materials! Thank you!
Notion and skill how to do succinct Python coding
this course is really fun and a good way to learn
This course helped me to refresh my old concepts.
Perfect course to become a python geek, Thank You
Amazing Instructor, thank you Dr.Chuck from India
Nice course to Begin with. All guidance provided.
Recommended for starters with no prior experience
Strong, clear and easy course. Excellent quality!
Incredible! See you in the next class Dr.Chunk!!!
The teaching assistance is great and experienced.
Excellent and I've learned a lot from this course
Awesome course and I got a lot of things to learn
Excellent and Enjoyed while studying this course.
This has been a great course. I learnt so much!!!
Great course. Completed it in less than 24 hours.
I enjoy this course and love this teaching style.
nice format of learning from online course simply
The best course to learn 'how to play with data'!
Very good introduction for python data structure.
Very straightforvard and gived good Python basis.
Brilliant! I couldn't thank the Professor enough.
It is a good course. The instructor teaches well.
Excellent for begginers and initiates. Cool stuff
Nice Course. Good way to learn full Python Course
Amazing course with an amazing teacher. Thank you
Great course to help understand how to use python
Fantastic Course. I look forward to the next one.
Excellent explanation to Python's data structures
Love it! it challenged me, and I learned so much.
A great course, covers a right amount of material
helps a lotthanks for Professor and this platform
simple and clear for beginners , very interesting
Excellent teacher, clear and simple explanations.
It gives the material I consider to be essential.
Awesome classes. The assignments are challenging.
Difficult but well structured and teaches simply.
Great way this is taught, full marks to Dr. Chuck
Great Course!Lots of string and parsing learning!
you make learning a pleasure, thank you very much
Joyful learning from Professor Charles, I love it
I will take any courses every taught by Dr Chuck!
Dr. Chuck is always a safe bet for a good course.
It is Interesting and good course for every one.
Would love to meet Dr. Chuck personally someday!
it is very good than what i thought of it before
very fun and exciting way of learning experience
Excelent course, Dr Chuck is an awesome teacher!
Videos and the Presentation Skill set is Awesome
Teacher's great and he makes learning python fun
I learned a lot thanks for such good explanation
Very good and simple course, I enjoyed very much
Very nice course! Was happy to take this one :)!
Just excellent. Dr Chuck is a great instructor !
AWESOME ,Very help full for all type of students
Best course! I learned too much in a short time.
Dr Chuck is the coolest professor saw in my life
Best for beginers, who are just starting python.
great experience....more exercise would do great
Now I feel more comfortable with Data Structures
Wonderful course. I highly recommend the course!
Good course, and assignments were actually good.
Mr. Chuck Taught Data structures  extremely well
Very informative and interactive. I have enjoyed
great course, learned lots of important concepts
Nice course and Teaching staffThank you Dr.chuck
A very complete course to begin learning python.
Dr chuck is great.He makes python look very easy
achieved good awareness onpython data structures
it is really good basic course .Its just perfect
Very good course with an exceptional instructor.
Great course on python ,learned a lot .Thank You
The course was really Great . Specially Dr Chuck
very easy to understand and knowledgeable course
wonderful experience.I liked the class very much
Very Helpful and easy to understand. Many thanks
Excellent course to understand basics of python!
Nice. Provide a thorough explanation of subject.
Thank you for providing such a wonderful course!
Dr Chuck you are Awesome teacher!!! Thanks a lot
Very good course. I recommend it for all people.
Great course, great materials and great teacher.
very good teacher, very good lessons. Thank you!
Very easy to follow to get the basics of python.
Regular expression briefly and clearly explained
I feel more confident now using data structures.
Simple data structures ..and a very good lecture
Going great till part - 2 of the specialisation.
Excellent Training by our Python Guru Dr. Chuck!
It was an amazing experience, thank you Charles!
Very easy to understand, definately reccomended.
Dr. Chuck is my Hero. A Very well taught course.
That course is just awesome for Python beginners
Excellent course, great instructor and materials
It is an excellent course and I like studying it
It is very helpful course. I  have learned a lot
loved this class! challenging and informative!!!
amazing course, Chuck makes this look very easy!
Great course for begginers to start using python
Very helpful in easy understanding of the pyhton
Awesommmmmmme CourseBig Thanks for our professor
Excellent way of learning and Excellent teaching
The best lecturer and material. I really enjoyed
Great professor makes it real easy to understand
helpful! Ps.Bonus part is always good to know :)
Yet again a smooth sail with Dr.Chucks classes:)
Good for starter, course is very well organized!
super! sertificate is cool! Thank you very much!
I am really enjoying Dr. Chuck's Python courses!
This is the best course! Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck!
our teacher so patiently,and he got right rhythm
No better python course for beginners on the web
the class is brief and clear, highly recommended
Great course. Well structured and easy to follow
Excellent course, comprehensive and insightful..
Great course and continuation to Intro to Python
so great and easy to learn! Thank you Dr. Churk!
Amazing beginning course. Dr. Chuck is the best.
Very good, the teacher is still amazingly great!
Great course for begginers to programming world!
Very good class - couldn't have asked for better
very clear and simple explanation. awesome class
Excellent explanation and practical assignments.
Great beginners course on programming computers.
Thank a lot for Python Data Structure  training
So useful!! thanks for a really nice experience
Thank you very much, it was a very good courses
Mr. Charles is the best teacher in the world...
One of the best courses for any python beginner
the course was very informative and i loved it.
Dr Chuck, you are awesome. You are my Tom Hanks
Dr.Chuck is the best teacher one could ask for.
Good course to learn data structures in python.
Very crisp and clear, I am enjoying my learning
More than my expectation.... such a nice course
As perfect always!!!! Charles sir the best guru
Python for everybody make me a better in coding
Dr. Chuck is an awesome  instructor .Thank you.
very good course and excellent way of teaching.
I really enjoyed learning the basics of python.
Love the teacher but tasks could be more tricky
Very good course for beginners.... I enjoyed it
Best!Not only the study but also the lt of funn
It is a very good course.Dr. Chuck is the best.
Good course for basic data structures in Python
Kudos to Dr. Chuck, i'm glad to be his student.
Great course for learning the basics of python.
It is a wonderful course. Thank you, professor.
That was a great course for python programmers.
It was awesome experience with this course!!!!!
Assignments were pretty interesting!loved them!
Really good course ,learnt a lot ,thank you sir
great! I'll keep forward to the next course :)!
Good introduction to data structures in Python.
getting interesting, challenging and practical.
ITS AMAZING.MAKES YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH PYTHON.
Assignment are good and hard also quiz are easy
It was very nice fo me. Thank a lot my teacher.
well organized course with excellent explantion
Thanks to Dr.Chuck for good teaching technique.
Really good course and the level is excellent!!
Incredible experience and overall great course!
Nice course!!!! Great thanks to Lecturer!!!!!!!
Nice Course, thanks for cooperation and support
overall a good course to gain python knowledge.
Very good instructor and great beginner course!
i love to learn this course from the professor.
These courses have made learning python so easy
This is good. Even i got my head around tuples.
good understanding of data structures in python
Perfect teacher by perfect knowledge reflection
Very Nicely Designed Course.Thank You Coursera!
Dr. Chuck is amazing and his courses even more.
Outstanding class and an even better professor!
This course was excellent for me as a begineer!
Another excellent course! I keep learning more!
Really good course for a new one in programming
Excellent course, well paced and great content.
Really enjoyable, well taught and useful course
it is a great class,thanks teacher,thanks a lot
Amazing courses! Thank you Professor Severance!
thank you Dr.Chuck, this course is fun and easy
Clear instructions and effective work assigned.
Excellent course, love chucks way of teaching!!
Very much appreciate Dr. Chuck's lecture style.
it helps me so much and now I love programming!
Good course, thorough lectures, good exercises.
Really a great course for the beginners!!!!!!!!
Excellent! I'm ready for the next level python!
Its informative and easy understandable program
Was an amazing course, recommend it to everyone
Thanks for Dr.Chuck!I fall in love with Python!
Excellent teaching by an extraordinary teacher.
Awesome course ...Thanks Coursera and Mr. Chuck
Great course.  Has many potential applications.
Enjoyed completing the course with the faculty.
Great course. Challenging and very informative.
Must also include classes and lambda functions!
great for understanding theory. helped me a lot
love the professor + way the material is taught
Very interesting and inspiring course,Thank you
Excellent Course and Fantastic teaching :-) :-)
Nice cource very well explained truly loved it
It is very useful for careerThanks to Coursera
what a course i loved it and enjoy the studies
explained very nicely and in a simplified way.
Very helpful, especially with the graded work.
The Python Data Structures course is very good
amazing course explained in very simple words!
Nice Course on Data Structures in Python... :)
This is a great course with a great teacher!!!
it was great .i learned alot from this course.
"Dr. Chuck is the best professor in the world"
It was awesome ..thank u coursera and dr.chuck
doctor chuck is best , he explains pretty well
Dr Chuck is super cool...and awesome course!!!
I just love the way he teaches i am loving it.
GOOD...MOST USE FULL  AND UNDERSTANDING COURSE
tuples ,lists, for loops and many other things
Loved the style of teaching of the instructor.
Dr. Chucks is really really an awesome teacher
Amazing content and course work, very elegant!
Thank you so much sir for this amazing course.
You'll love the content delivery of instructor
Dr. Charles is indeed a very good instructor .
Very Good Course to Learn the Basics of Python
i learned many new thing in this python course
Great content and very useful training videos.
Tutor is so damn awesome to explain everything
Really friendly for beginners, useful courses.
Good course and explains the basic quite good.
nice and smart teaching style and very helpful
good resource and example problems for learner
The class is very interesting and informative!
Very easy to understand! So enjoy this course.
Awesome learning experience with you Chuck ;-)
it is very nice for learning from basic laevel
Thanks so much, I learnt a lot in this lesson!
Great way to learn, Dr. Chuck makes it simple.
Excellent course! Very suitable for beginners!
Good course. Describes basis of python deeper.
Kept it simple and to the point. Great Course!
The slides provided are very clear and useful.
Fantastic course led by an amazing instructor.
Easily understandable... Thanks to coursera...
i just love the way he taught us !Thanks sir !
Learnt a lot more than what my college teaches
Brilliant course . Made easy by Prof. Chuck :)
I love this course.  The Professor is awesome!
Very practical, logical and well paced course.
Amazing quality and very informative, love it!
Very good and excellent materials and course!!
Very nice assignments and content was amazing.
I have 1 word to describe this course: Amazing
Great course for basic of python programming!!
Excelent, Chuck is a Master in the assignment!
Great course.  Thanks for putting it together.
great and very  easy to understand.Thanks prof
absolutely brilliant. I cant thank him enough.
interesting, attractive and very useful course
It is a great course to get start with Python.
Great course to get your feet wet with Python!
Very flexible course with a lively instructor.
Enjoyed the format, enjoyed the instruction :)
Very helpful for beginners, not boring at all.
Profoundly good for Python enthusiast like me.
Well paced. Very informative and entertaining.
Good, but it is better to give more excercises
Well refined lectures and wonderful resources.
Really good lecturer explains things awesomely
THANK YOU, from the bottom of my heart, Dr. Ch
I like the course and really enjoyed studying.
excellent teaching and best course for python
Great Course. The instructor was really Great
Good course about data structures of Python !
it was somewhat hard due to assignment issues
excellent course for learning basic of python
great course......and you are a great teacher
Very nicely structured and taught by Dr.Chuck
Expensive to learn this course...!!Too good!!
It was great experience learning this course.
Actually made for beginners and very helpful.
Thank you Prof. Charles Russell Severance! ^^
It removed my fear of python data structures.
professor is a legend. i bow down to dr.chuck
Great course! I learn a lot from this course.
He is a good instructor.learnt a lot from him
Best course you can take for learning Python.
I learned a lot about pyhton data structures.
Excellent course to learn python programming.
Iliked this course and its content. Thank you
Awesome! very informative and good assingment
This course can be improve to some toughness.
the nice course, helped a lot to learn python
Enjoyed learning the course from Prof. Chuck.
the best course for data structures in python
Best Python course ever !!! Thanks Dr. Chucks
It was awesome; i learned a lot from dr chuck
Course is very well organized and interesting
I learnt basics of python and data structures
Very good course.lots of basic to learn in it
Great course! I really enjoyed it thoroughly.
Great illustrations of data structures.Thanks
Perfect course for starting the python course
It was actually so good! Nice work Mr. Chuck.
I love the way of the teaching in this class!
It's so interesting and I want to learn more.
Excellent content and execution from Chuck...
good course must be done for python beginners
very good course, thank you so much Dr. Chuck
its the fastest and the easiest way to learn.
these courses are so clear and very specific.
Well organized and the instructor is awesome!
This course made me fall in love with coding!
The professor is very nice.Thank you so much!
Another excellent Python course with Dr Chuck
Great instructor and syllabus for beginners !
Super easy to understand. Thank you so much !
very good course. Concepts explained clearly.
easy for learning and i like python very much
Very very good course and easy to understand!
Really liked this course, very helpful for me
Great material and I really enjoyed learning!
Great overview of the python data structures!
A very enjoyable class.  Very time efficient.
Amazing course. Very beneficial and on point!
Funny, not boring and understandable teacher!
Really liked the course structure and design.
Greetings from Mexico!Thanks for this course.
Great course. Moving on to the third one now.
I like this course very much. It's so amazing
A good introduction to basic data structures!
It was simple but made the basics very clear.
It is quite an interesting entry-level class.
very good explanation on small small concept.
Simply the best for beginners in programming!
Great introduction to python data structures.
Awesome! Clear and to the point explanations!
I like this course and professor is funny lol
Good course for the Beginners to learn PYTHON
Very fun and challenged class for beginners.
EXCELLENT WAY OF TEACHING BY PROFESSOR CHUCK
Get the valuable information for this course
It was an amazing course for basic learners.
a new step to be an expert python programmer
I love this course,python and thank Dr.Chuck
Great course! You can take my word on it. :)
the course help me a lot to clear my concept
Really awesome way of teaching. Thankyou sir
interesting course...Dr Chuck teaches well..
Tnx to Dr chuck! he is an amazing teacher...
Great course to learn python data structures
Please include 'Classes' also in this course
The instructor and course content is awesome
Thank you Dr Chuck! for the awesome courses.
Great teacher and best course for beginners.
Dr. Chuck is the Best! Thank You so much Sir
i was actually a great knowledgeable course.
Excellent !!! Exercises are very interesting
i am very take this course ,thank u coursera
such a perfect course and it`s so simplified
A very good course and a lot to learn stuff.
A great friendly understandable presentation
its very good that you have taught evrything
very informative with a very nice instructor
a good continuation from the previous course
The way of teaching is perfect thank you sir
Very good course and excellent instructor!!!
One of the Best tutorial I have ever watched
good courses for the beginner,thx Mr.Charles
best course for beginners in python language
The Best Online Course on Python for sure...
Amazing! I have learned a lot in a few days.
good  solid understanding of data Structures
very well explained by Dr. Chuck. Thank You.
Useful! Help me to understand Python deep!!!
this was an amazing course with fun learning
One of the best experience with this course.
That's a wonderful course. It's very useful.
Awesome course!! .Had a great time learning.
The best Python lecture for the beginners!!!
Great course, help to understand many things
Good professor clear language well explained
Amazing course.Well-Explained by Dr. Chucks.
Really great class to jumpstart into Python!
I just love the instructor. He is marvellous
Best course for Python fundamental knowledge
Amazing Material and Excellent instructor :)
I have improved my python skills day by day.
great course to allow you digest information
Its really good to learn python in courseera
Very organized and well thought. Mr.Chuck :)
Learned a lot about python. Teacher is nice.
thanks charles severance once again...u sage
Awesome course ,Dr.chuck is the best teacher
Nice courses to enter the programming world!
Very informative course for python beginners
One of the best courses availble in coursera
Very clear, informative, nice and enjoyable.
Great instructor and very organized content.
starts to get a bit difficultbut still great
Great course to start learning about Python!
Great follow-up course.  Highly recommended.
This is another great course from Dr. Chuck!
Exceptional Professor Charles love you :) <3
Awesome course. Dr Chuck u r a great mentor!
Very useful and helpful. Easy to understand.
Great coverage of data structures in Python!
Great teacher- I love his style of teaching.
Interesting course, and interesting teacher.
Good introduction to Python data structures.
Perfect course! But I want more assignments.
Love the course!  Thank you Professor Chuck!
Great Course, with great practice questions.
Wonderfully Explained! Simple and Precise :)
Thanks.. I learned many things about python.
Great course!  Can't wait to begin course 3.
Very informative course with great lectures!
Oh my goodness! Python is so interesting! :)
Really great material and properly organised
Great course! Thank you very much, dr Chuck!
Great course, smooth flow and easy to follow
Excellent course. The best I have ever have.
Dr. Chuck rocks!Great courses for the start!
Prof Chuck is great,make simple the complex.
Excellent Course :) Keep up the good work :)
Congratulations. Best course. Thank you all!
Yet again, another great course by Dr. Chuck
Whatever my expectations, I saw much better
very nicely explained , helped me a lot....
awesome proffesor like thi course very much
Excellent Course!I definitely Recommend it!
Thank you very much, Dr.Chuck and Coursera.
The most fun i had while doing this course.
This course improved my programming skills.
Very good! Looking forward to learnig more!
Very good course with detailed explanation!
Awesome! Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher!
Excellent teacher,loved the bonus content!!
This course was really interesting and easy
Perfect to learn in any place at the world!
Dr.Chuck's way of teaching is really great.
it was a fun and great learning experience.
Taking the next leap in Python  Programming
Its a wonderful coure. Thanks to professor
This was fun, entertaining and informative.
very good course for python data structures
best course are available on cousera.thanku
Well my mind is working on all four wheels.
A great one as well  .Thanks to instructor.
Its really good course for python beginners
The exercise assignments are nicely created
It was a really good course for the basics.
Great course and makes learning python easy
An essential  course for python programming
Thank u Sir, for giving me the knowledge...
very useful class with hands-on assignments
Good course. Very well taught and built up.
Fantastic course, can't wait to learn more!
Thank you so much for providing certificate
Addictive and informative at the same time.
Nice course. Assignments are somewhat easy.
Learnt a lot about python3 data structure !
Awesome type of basic course! I enjoyed it!
Really very helpful course for the beginers
Great to learn python with not much efforts
Simplified content to learn data structure.
it was fun learning python with this course
Dr chuck made this course very interesting!
Great course for beginners to learn python.
It is very helpful and learnable.i love it.
Excellent course. Meaningful and satisfying
A very good course from a very good teacher
The BEST python instructor you can ask for!
I love this course, it is very interesting.
thank you Doctor Chunk and all the members.
Good overview of the python data structures
Thank you for another excellent experience!
This course is helpful to gain extensive kn
Easy to understand and also quite appicable
Nice demonstration about how to use python!
That is an applicable course for every one.
interesting to learn about data structures.
Convenient for self-learner. Great Lecture.
good instructor............feels live class
Excellent content and fantastic instructor!
I like the teacher.  Material is too simple
Exceptional level of teaching from Dr Chuck
Great for beginners. Very well explanations
Great course which will never let you down!
It's good to have Dr.chuck as an instructor
Part of a great introduction for the layman
The exercise is a little tricky but gainful
wonderful course. I was challenged so much!
Excellent place to learn python with fun !!
Amazing course! Thanks for the opportunity!
Wonderful introduction to Python data type!
Fantastic, well organized and entertaining.
This is a very good course in most aspects.
Great intro course with a great instructor!
Great class. But I prefer more homework. :)
Love the additional clips and fun attitude!
practical and understandable, good lectures
totally love this course! it's very helpful
Dr Charles Severance is a brilliant teacher
very good course with in depth explanations
I like the teacher ,this class is perfect!!
Thank you Dr. Charles. I enjoyed your class
Great coverage of Data Structures in python
The instructure is amazing. Super course :)
Great curse, I learned a lot from Dr. Chuck
Great course, useful stress-free exercises!
Wonderful courses, I appreciate it so much!
I have learned a lot from this curse.Thanks
super great teacher, lesson are really fun!
Great course. I have learned a lot. Thanks.
Good introduction - fun to watch and learn.
Very good course. Loved the weekly exercise
Thank you for offering this awesome course.
extremely good course. highly recommendable
Nice course, but some assignment very easy.
everything in detail thanks doctor charles
for True:print('Thank You For The Course')
great course and the best instructor ever!
Great course for starting learning Python!
Awesome Course, And Very Good Instructure.
Very useful course for the students.......
Very Informational and Interesting course.
The course was really great amd enjoyable.
So great course with Dr. Charles Severance
Great Course! Ireally enjoyed the process!
Very good course and an awesome instructor
Excellent cover for Python data structures
would recommend everyone to do this course
Very well organized and got good knowledge
It's helping us to learn more about Python
Awesome instructor, best course for python
Every single thing of this course is fab .
This is better and contains good questions
Dr. Chuck explained the concepts very well
Most Loving instructor for python series..
Its fun, its dynamic, I highly recommended
Yet another fantastic course from Dr Chuck
Learn a lot in clear and practical manner.
great teaching. love the extra videos too.
It was really informative and interesting.
Want to learn the remaining courses too !!
this is nice one for updating me in python
severus is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great course.The external tool is amazing!
very good with the data structure concepts
it is very good course for learning python
Kudos to Mr. Chuck. Helpful for Begginers.
Best course to learn python data structure
I just love the way Dr. Chuck teach !!!!!!
nicely explained data structure.thank you.
It is good opportunity to learn new things
You are a mind blowing instructor Dr chuks
nice course  wanted still more assignments
I know knew what python data structure is.
one of the best courses I have ever taken.
loved it very much it was very interesting
Dr. Charles is the best teacher for python
Thanks Dr.Chuck.  You are a Great teacher!
A Good start to the Python, cleared basics
The teaching in this course was excellent.
This is very informative and superb course
Thanks Coursera, and many thanks Dr. Chuck
very good and easy explanation. Love this.
Thank You , I have gained more confidence.
It is an excellent course to begin python.
great course for beginner . Thank you sir.
very nice course with very nice instructor
This course is very helpful for beginners.
It's awesome, thank you so much Dr. Chuck!
Simply amazing , Dr. Chuck is just Great !
good teaching! Have learned a lot! Thanks!
It is the best course that I have ever had
well organized, great presentation skills.
Excellent professor with wonderful course.
very good! It is really a wonderful class!
It is excellent training class. Thank you!
Very important information! Great teacher!
Really nice course and very good lecturer.
Fantastically well structured and defiant!
The instruction is very clear and helpful!
it well help me to become a good programer
Best course and very useful for beginners.
perfect instructing ! thank you very much!
this course is very helpfull for me.......
A bit more difficult than the first class.
It is very funny and helpful.Thanks a lot!
Easy to understand. Assignments are good .
He is a great teacher. I am learning a lot
Outstanding course design - enjoying it :)
Easier ,  to understand  and playful class
One of the best courses I've taken so far!
It was good but I would add more exercises
very great contents and very illustrative.
Excellent course with an excellent teacher
Good intro with data structures and python
Another smashing Course. Enjoyed it a lot.
Good Introduction to data structure coding
Great Course and Great professor Mr. Chunk
Excellent. Inspiring. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Excellent course!!! Dr. Chuck is the best!
The teacher of this course teaches great !
Loved professor methodical way of teaching
Loved this course!!!  Highly recommend it!
Totally awesome, Dr. chuck is a ton of fun
Awesome class, really enjoyed the content!
Thank u Dr. Chuck for enhancing my skills.
great course, with an inspiring professor
very well explained in detail!!worth it!!
I am very much satisfied with this course
Best Foundation of Python Data Structures
Very good explanation. thank you  so much
Great to learn Python from the beginning!
Very helpful resources and nice lecturer.
must do this course if you are a beginner
the best course for python data structure
An amazing course to start python afresh.
It is a really useful course, I loved it!
Excellent course for begginers in Python!
This course made learning process easier.
It covers all the data structure concepts
Great MOOC and an even better instructor!
It's a great course, you should learn it!
Best python course ever, thanks Dr. Chuck
it provides me good skills of programming
It is interesting  and I enjoyed learning
this course is very good for begginners ,
the best course for proficiency in python
Good Interface for Assignments of Coding.
Easy to understand, Amazing to experience
Fantastic course with a fantastic teacher
very efficient course for everyone around
Very good i really intrest in this course
i wish i learn python from first semester
Awesome course with an Awesome Professor!
very good lecture and supercool Dr.Chuck!
it was very usefull to me as a student...
easy to learn..great for python beginners
Dr. Chuck excellent instructor as always!
very nice content with brief discription.
Merci beaucoup , I realy like this course
i leatn python very well from this course
it amazing and the instructor is the best
Good for beginner and easy to understand.
It is very helpful to learn this language
Excellent course for learning the basics.
it was a wonderful experience in learning
excellent course with real class examples
Best teacher.Charles sir you are awesome.
Thank you! Dr. Chuck, we loved the course
It was such a great experience.Thank you!
Very Much interesting and helpful..!!!!!!
Very good course with a great instructor.
Thank you! This is a very helpful course.
Best MOOC course you can find on internet
Helped me a lot to understand the basics.
Best course to learn python for beginners
Amazing! Chuck, the professor is awesome.
brilliant course!!!completely enjoyed it.
It's very nice, the instructor is awesome
Very nice course, i'm happy to finish it,
A good overview on Python Data Structures
Loved the course and fun stuff chuck does
Good Python course for beginner of python
An amazing content and a teacher. Thanks.
Great content, professor and methodoloty!
good practical exercises, love that part!
Again one of the best Course by Dr.Chuck.
wonderful course, prof is highly engaging
very informative, well tought, enjoyed it
Outstanding course! Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
Brilliant course, very smoothly explained
Dr. Chuck, I love your way of teaching :)
good source to learn further about python
Excellent, very understandable and useful
It's a really good introduction to python
Great course and even greater instructor!
just do not forgot about persian subtitle
Dr. Chuck is awesome! I am very grateful!
You really start to connect the dots here
super great course taught by Prof. Chuck!
The faculty makes difficult concepts easy
Excellent course, material well explained
It is really a great introductory course.
Excellent, please give me a job in python
Extremely Useful. I loved the interviews.
Great build on the introduction to Pyhton
Great course to continue learning python.
Great for learning when you are starting.
Chuck is nice teacher i like this course!
A very good class, with a talent teacher.
Thank you professor for this nice course.
I ike these courses and i like python!!))
The course is awesome! I've learnt a lot.
Best way to learn Python data structures!
Great experience and an amazing teacher:)
A good foundation for Python development.
One of the best programming courses ever!
great course! Dr. Severance is wonderful!
that was useful and enough to do my stuff
Really enjoyed this one.Great instructor.
Great class to learn python for beginner!
Great python course on the web available.
I like this course with clear description
thanks a lot for that great mnaterials :)
Very great course and teacher Dr. Chuck.
Best Educational Experience in my life!!
It was great! Thank you for this course!
Very GOOD, Charles Sir is very friendly.
Amazing course and instructor. Thank You
I am really enjoying it...thanks so much
It's Nice to learn. This course is basic
It was great learning learning with them
Very good for a basic fundamental class!
Learnt a lot bout python data structures
Nice For Basic Data Structures in Python
Great Course to start Python Programming
One of the best for beginner programmers
Loved this course. Thanks a lot Charles!
Good . Thank God I completed the Course.
Excellent Course.. Up to my expectations
Very good course for beginners in Python
its not complete but overall its amazing
excellent course that you should attend!
nice instructor. he is very intelligent.
Very nice! That's what I was looking for
Excellent Course, And Excellent teacher.
Dr. Charles! Thank you. You are awesome!
Best course for learning data structures
Thank you and see you in the next course
Well Explained Data Structures of python
Best course to learn how to programming!
the instructer of the course was amazing
Awesome course and great detail teaching
Very much helpful in improving knowledge
What a great course, thank you so much !
Dr. Severance is a very good instructor.
Absolutely amazing course for beginners!
its a nice course and easy to understand
It really very good course for learners.
Very useful to improve my coding skills.
It's very helpful , thank you Dr. Chuck.
Very good course. Assignments were good.
Very nice course and helpful assignments
Chinese subtitles are strongly required.
great course to start python programming
it is very good course by a good teacher
Awesome course really tutor is excellent
Thanks for this courseThanks to coursea.
Excellent starting place to learn python
amazing course for programming beginners
Grea Experience & charles is amazing guy
very helpful in learning data structures
great course continue the specialization
challenging but manageable and worth it!
Great way to start understanding Python.
Great programming courses for beginners!
very useful! The professor is very nice!
Easy to follow and very well structured.
Awesome teaching by Dr. Chuck as always!
Great course!!!!!!!!! Plus great faculty
Brilliant course for python introduction
very good course, well taught. Excellent
Awesome! Learnt a lot, Thanks Dr. Chuck!
So many thanks to Dr.Chuck and Coursera!
Great course, easy to learn, great book!
Very clear understanding of each topics.
we need more teachers like Dr. Severance
Charles makes it so easy....Great course
Need More Practice ans Problems to solve
exceptional! Register and start learning
The Class is really ready for Everybody
Great course.Already taking the next one
This is a great course, congratulations!
A very interesting and useful class! : )
amazing prof would love to work with him
Fantastic Course, Dr. Chuck is the best.
Great course and well organized teaching
The teacher is very kind and interesting
The best course that I have participated
Great course to get started with Python
Awesome course . Dr chuck love you 3000
Amazing leaning experience !! Thank you
well explained...   such a good teacher
This coursera was so useful for our us.
Best course for Python Basics Out there
I am very happy to complete this course
Amazing course and course instructor!!!
Great instructor and great instructions
good stuf..i really enjoyed the lecture
Such a nice instructor and great course
Well structured and easy to understand!
Excellent course and wonderful teacher!
I learnt some advanced skills in python
learned from the scratch without hustle
good course for python data structures.
Awesome, I like the way of the teaching
nice course , great to build my intrest
I really like the way Dr.chuck teaches.
Thank You, Dr. Chuck sir, and Coursera.
Pretty Good!I learned more about Python
Excellent Instructor, Loved the course!
Easy to follow and learn for beginners.
great course by prof.chuck. love python
wonderful learning experience of python
Excelent course. Complete and well done
Now i'm able. Thank you Doctor Charles.
it is very intresting and helpfull 
Excellent course with very good teacher
ovedthelasstprogramming exericise A LOT
V great course. I love the instructor !
A great course with many related topics
excellent course to proceed with python
It's a wonderful course to learn Python
It was good learning a course like this
nice instructor and best place to learn
Dr. Severance keeps it very interesting
very efficient course to sharpen python
It's really a good course for beginner!
really a good one and it helped me alot
Amazing course and instructor. thankyou
That was very good course for beginners
Instructor of this course is very good.
A very good python course for beginners
i'm looking forward to the third cours!
Thanks, Dr.Chuck. This is great course.
I love the eloquent method of teaching.
covered basic concepts, well explained!
excellent explanation of every concept.
The best foundational course for Python
Best teacher ever! Thank you Dr Charles
Excellent course that I have ever done.
i have learn alot .best teacher mrChuck
Great instructor. Really useful course!
Excellent course, thank you Dr chuck :)
Great course. I will continue studying.
great basic python datastructure course
really good. basic structures is shown.
A really good and comprehensive course!
Very nice lecture by a good teacher ;-)
Thank you for your teaching,Dr.Charles.
easy to understand, thank you professor
Excellent course ...Thank you so much !
I have learnt lots form this course. Th
this course is really very interactive.
Very good course and lovely professor!!
Great Instructor implies happy learning
Fantastic instructor. Solid foundation.
Thank you very much for good understand
Great course and great instructor!!! :D
I can recommend this course to everyone
Amazing course, perfectly explained!!!!
Great course to take!!  Easy to follow.
Good for starting with  learning Python
wonderful course, i enjoyed it so much!
Excellent course--learned allot and fun
Engaging, informative, and interesting.
very nice,easy to understand and useful
Just gave me the feeling to learn more.
Step wise learning and good explanation
Thank you so much Dr. Charles Severance
Thanks for this course ! It was amazing
it was a  very good experience for me.
best course with full of imp programms
it's short but nonetheless insightful.
great  course I have  ever done before
Goes through all the required portions
Enjoyed the lecture and the assignment
Great course with excellent instructor
Great course on Python Data Structures
this was an amazing course for python!
This course is awesome and challenging
Amazing content pacing and motivation.
Excellent course, I really enjoyed it.
yep,enjoyed the learning with Coursera
good course for python data structures
Great course, specifically in practice
print('loved "dr.chuck's" teaching'):)
Excellent coursework and explaination!
Really really good course on coursera!
It was a great learning experience !!!
very interesting and nice explaination
A great and a fun course by Dr. Chuck!
Thank you Dr.Chuck sir for you effort.
Full of comedy and a good way to learn
great course with in-depth explanation
Dr Chuck is just an awesome instructor
Very good platform for online Learning
it is very useful to improve my skills
I want to do more courses by Dr. Chuck
The course was very helpful. Thank you
best platform to obtain the data .....
Best course i have ever done in python
It's great. I wanna join more courses.
best course so far i have taken online
Thank you sir for this amazing course!
No time to write. Part 3 can't wait :)
Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor .
python's getting easy with this course
Its a really amazing course. I love it
Great ExplanationI loved this course .
great course to cover basics of python
Excellent Teaching Skills..Dr Charles.
Great course so far, liked everything.
Very good I understood  all things
Awesome Course....a must for beginners
Great Stuff to enhance our knowledge .
Another brilliant course by Dr. Chuck!
A difficult course kept in an easy way
Loved the course for Professor Charles
Well though and explained. Great pace.
Very nice lecturer and brilliant talks
I loved this course. Thanks, Coursera!
it was awsome to lear through coursera
A very Good course for beginner indeed
Good course for python data structure.
A very amazing and learning experience
Informative interactive great overall!
Its a great course for the beginners!!
Very educating and easy to understand!
Dr. Chuck was so informative as usual!
Amazing class!! Dr.Charles ROCKS!!!!!!
very productive and easy to understand
A very intuitive and practical course.
have a great experience of this course
Pace was porper for beginner to start.
Solid intro. Wish it were more complex
AWESOMEGREAT PROFESSOR, THANK YOU D
Very well structured. Great instructor
Amazing videos and wonderful lecturer!
Excellent course for Python beginners.
excellent course for beginners. Thanks
Awesome class.  I highly recommend it.
Great introduction for Python newbies.
really good course to clear the basics
One of the best MOOC that I ever have.
It is cool,and I love it
very clear explanation, nice teaching!
I got good knowledge from this course.
This is a good course! I learnt a lot.
Very good course. Learn with pleasure.
Thank you for the course. Learned alot
Nice introduction for Python language.
Clear information, explained very well
Learn with a fun , salute to Professor
A great course for beginner in Python.
Good introduction for new Python users
great class,so appreciate to be here!!
great course, thanks for the professor
Great introduction to data structures!
I am falling in love with this course.
Great course and Dr. Chuck is the best
Great Course for fast learning Python!
The content is very clearly explained.
very great introductory python course!
clear and lovely, thank you professor!
Very good course! Extremely helpful :)
The second course I have in Coursera!!
entertaining and easy. no prerequisite
Nicely explained to quickly learn. Tha
Good professor, and useful assignments
Superbly Amazing!Thank you Dr. Charles
Great! Thank you for my new knowledge!
Exceptional course!. I learned a lot!.
great teaching, coursework and mentors
Very good course! Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Awesome class, definitely five starts!
Great job, very good quality items ...
Great course, great teacher. Thank you
This course is so good for begineers.
a very helpful course , learned a lot
Best of luckGood course for begineers
awesome course. wonderful experience.
very precious course, thanks Coursera
Amazing course with great prof. chuck
Excellent course  and well presented.
Awesome course with excellent teacher
I learned the data structure concept.
IT IS A GOOD PLATFORM FOR LEARNERS...
very good and so engaged for learning
Excellent course, very easy to follow
Really interesting and quality coyrse
Superb course!!!!! Highly recommended
Very informative course. Really good.
It was a Very good and helpful course
best course to get stared with python
Excellent Course and Great Instructor
Learnt some basics of Data structures
Amazing course!!! Thank you Dr. Chuck
Very helpful sir,Thank you very much.
it is great learning about List, Dict
It is the best course to learn Python
one of my favorite courses in Cousera
This is definitely a fabulous course.
great teaching and easy to understand
Ultimate fun ...with learning!!!!!!!!
this subject is good  for programming
Great course! The professor is great.
enjoyed throughout the entire course.
very helping for understanding python
Great learning experience by Dr.Chuck
one of the best Coursera in Coursera.
very friendly and clear to beginners!
Great course and excellent professor!
Amazong beginner course from Dr Chuck
Interesting and explicit explanantion
very useful and entertaining course .
great understanding of data structure
very good course Strongly recommend!
Very good course to begin with python
very very very goodthanks Mr charless
Excellent introduction for beginners!
great course, really engaging teacher
It makes me so fond of Python now!!!!
Another great course in the sequence.
Great, really great!Dr. Chuck superb!
good course!! i liked the explanation
Fantastic course with full knowledge.
Quizes and Assignment system is best.
Exceclent course and a great teacher.
Very well explained, great Professor.
Fantastic beginner course for Python.
Dr. Chuck is such a great instructor!
Its a little tricky but really fun :D
Perfect, well explained and powerful!
Great learning experience. Addictive!
great course!great Professor Charles!
I Really Enjoy this course with chunk
Great course, I'm a big fan of Chuck.
nice explanation with direct to point
Awesome course.. great instructions..
I really liked it!!! I learned a lot!
a little hard..but leant a looooot!!!
Python made easy. Great Introduction!
You can learn a lot from this course.
Very good! Getting closer to the end!
Great course and even better teacher!
Very nice explanations of the basics!
A good add-on to the previous course!
Very good course!!Highly recommended!
Great way to Learn !!! Thanks so much
Taking practice and quiz makes better
I really liked the course is fabulous
Great course, worth spending time on.
Great course. useful for new Python p
Professor is really good at teaching.
Good course to start learning Python!
Pretty productive, but i want more :)
The instructor is really really nice!
wonderful teacher, wonderful course!
should take to have quality learning
Amazing lectures by Professor Chuck!
Well done, simple and easy to learn.
I liked it and it's very interesting
Very helpful and explained very well
Very good course.I really enjoyed it
Awesome class and a great professor!
Really like the course and Dr. Chuck
really liked it. thank you Dr. Chuck
Great course and excelet instructor!
Awesome course, it went very smooth.
awesome course and awesome professor
good teaching and easy to understand
A very good course. Nicely presented
The Professor teaches really well :)
Dr. Severance is a great instructor!
A best introductry course for python
Print(Thanks to Professor Severance)
lots of things to learn. try it now.
Good Course ,and very easy to learn.
Dr. Chuck is an awesome instructor!!
Another great course from Dr. Chuck.
yet another great course by Dr.chuck
Thank You So Much My loving COURSERA
what a cool instructor to learn from
yaaay im happyyyy. thanksss Mr.Chuck
Over all good curse ,good assognment
Dr. C. Russell Severance is awesome.
It is really a nice and cool course!
its nice experience. thanks coursera
so detailed and intructive!!!!!!!!!!
best course on python data structure
This course is the best of its kind.
Amazing Instructor. Quality Content.
wonderful course. thank you Dr.Chunk
Very good course for python learner.
interseting and knowledgeable course
THANK YOU SO MUCH COURSERA .....!!!!
Amazing course with great instractor
Course start from easy to difficult.
Very good topics and well explained.
Helpful course for python beginners.
Dr. Chuck is the best teacher i know
The best course, sladers and teacher
a little bit simple but very useful!
Great course I learned online so far
amazing course and very good teacher
Best starting point to learn Python.
Very nice course, I like it so much!
its very nice . I have learned a lot
A Very good course by good teachers.
great presentation great assessments
The course is amazing for beginners.
Very good Course Thank you Dr.Chucks
nice knowledge about data structures
Loved this one as well as the first.
Very nice introduction to Python DS!
very good and interesting course :-)
A very useful and illuminating class
Good one to start Python programming
As usual, Dr. Chuck is just amazing!
great materials for python learning!
Really liked the materials provided.
Excellent one as the first training!
Dr. Chuck is the best! Great course.
excellent course and a great primer.
It is very helpful, I learned a lot!
Professor Severance is very helpful!
Great course! Recommand for everyone
Very useful courses, highly recomend
Excellent course and great material!
Brilliant, no-waste-time, excellent.
can get this course into completed ?
Excellent teaching, nice to have it~
Best for beginner, thank you so much
It is a good ,fast and a fun course.
Great course.  Learned a great deal!
simple but clear, good for beginners
A very enjoyable course.  Thank you.
Very helpful, thanks for the course!
Awesome course. Thanks to Dr. Chuck.
This is certainly the best course!!!
Very good course, it's worth trying!
i found this course well strucutured
Easy to follow, very well explained!
Great course! I really recommend it!
Awesome Professor and great content!
Easy and effective, at least for me)
Good introduction to data structures
Outstanding in every way! Thank you.
Great course, great teacher. Thanks!
I really learn a lot from this class
Cool stuff, cool teacher, I loved it
like part one, top quality course!!!
Great follow up of the first course!
Very Good and Effective learning...
Another Awesome course by Dr. chuck
it is wonderful opportunity for me.
Excellent material and instruction!
It's really great the way he teach.
Great Course and a Humorous Teacher
Excellent classes By the Professor!
a very nice course,Go for it guys!!
great course. extraordinary teacher
Very nice teacher! I learned A LOT.
Teacher makes it easy to understand
learn many things from this course.
This course is good for beginners .
One of the best course . Loved it !
So well explained and entertaining!
Best course I've taken on Coursera.
i am very happy to take this course
Great Python Data Structure Course!
Great Course to learn Python Basic.
Instructor taught us all the topics
It was a good learning experiance .
Dr Chuck, is an excellent lecturer.
very good course i have never found
They way he teaches is good........
Amazing experience .Love the course
i'm delighted to get such a teacher
Very good teacher and easy to learn
Charismatic and inspiring lecturer.
best platform to learn any language
Awesome! I really like this course.
standard need to increase some what
it's the very very excellent course
Amazing course and awesome teacher!
It was a good course for beginners.
Its a fun course.Thank you Dr.Chuck
great course with great assignments
I got to learn a lot from Coursera.
Great introduction to python class.
Very well documented and explained.
A very useful course for beginners.
One of the best courses I've taken.
Great way to start learning Python.
Excellent Course, great instructor.
The best python curse in the world.
Just fell in love with python......
Great experience on learning python
it`s amazing course. Thanks so much
Very helpful and informative course
wow !!!!!!! what a great experience
A difficult thing in an easy way...
lovely course and lovely professor!
Nice course for beginners in python
This is the best online class ever!
Really interesting & useful!!!!!!!!
Very challenging. I almost gave up!
Very helpful and impressive course.
very nice course. good explanations
i learnt many basics in this course
Enjoyed the course. Thanks a lot...
Extremely useful and clear concept.
great teacher and interesting class
Great course for a python begainner
Dr. Chuck is an awesome instructor.
It's so good. I like this Professor
Dr. Chuck is very good at teaching.
A very good introduction to Python.
Nice Contents & the Teaching Method
Great teaching and good assignments
Another great course from Dr. Chuck
ideal for newbie, delivered clearly
Easy to follow course for beginners
Excellent teaching and lots of fun!
Thank you for very fruitful course!
very good course for the beginners.
Feel so g r eat when I finished it.
Very good course - great presenter.
very useful and interesting as well
Very clear and useful instructions!
clear, easy to follow, great course
One of the best teachers out there!
Very good and easy-learning course!
Fantastic Tutor. Easy to understand
All I can say is "Thanks Dr. Chuck"
Excellent course, fantastic teacher
It is a great course for beginners.
Great course, very easy to follow.
exceptionally well-Designed Course
I love the way the videos are made
wonderful course, totally loved it
It was good cousrse by Dr. Charles
This was a very interesting course
great course.loved every bit of it
great sir and good study materials
Best Course for Beginner In Python
Do this course  get certificate???
great experience with good teacher
A pretty good course for begineers
An awesome course , simple and fun
Good instructor. Thanks Mr.Charles
Overall it was an excellent course
Really enjoy Prof Chuck's lessons!
The course is litterally too good
Teaching materials are very clear!
that was super great lesson for me
High recommendThe fantastic course
Excellent Professor. Great content
i found the course really helpfull
This course has really helped me .
wonderful experience with Dr.Chuck
Perfect course to get a head start
Great  and too much useful course.
Very Well Explained by Dr.Chuck!!!
One of the best courses on Python.
This was a very informative course
very nice course and informative .
Its Very Good & Challenging cource
Great course with the best teacher
My overall experience was awesome.
Thanks for Dr Charles Severance <3
Comprehensive, detailed and vivid!
Very Good Course for the Beginners
great teacher .thank you very much
Awesome class and awesome Teacher.
Wonderful teacher and great class!
It is simply a great course! Kudos
Awesome course and best teacher!!!
I feel like Neo reading The Matrix
LOved it during quarantined times!
Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher.
Great course enjoyed it very much.
well learned about data structures
I love Harry Potter graduation! XD
Really Worth for python begginers.
Very Nice course  and good trainer
The course is very well structured
Superb course everyone must see it
Very nice course and nicely taught
cool experience with the professor
Excellent class, very well taught!
Interesting and easy to understand
Amazing course. Recommended to all
This Is really good to start with.
A very nice course! thank you, sir
Great course to start with Python!
Excellent course. Really loved it.
A wonderful course to love Python.
Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher!
It was a great Experience with you
amazing module with great examples
good course and Dr Chuck is great.
Good course with valuable content.
one of the best courses for python
Great course! You won't regret it!
I thought this course was awesome.
Thinking the same, the best course
Awesome and very productive course
Awesome Class! Dr. Chuck is great!
Excellent course, well structured!
Awesome course, highly recommended
All good, I will go on with part 3
I thoroughly enjoyed the course:-)
Pretty Awesome!! Chuck is the best
Thankyou for such a good course :)
learn the basics of data structure
Excellent course and instructor...
Very complete course. I loved it !
Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher!
Fun course and very informational!
It is really an interesting class.
Very easy to learn and understand!
Excellent explanation by Dr.Chuck!
Easy to follow, good for beginners
Very organized materials to learn!
Easy to understand! Learned a lot!
Prof. Charles is good at teaching!
Very interesting! Really loved it!
Again, excellent job by Dr. Chuck.
Great course very nice Professor
hoping the next step, Thx Dr.Chuck
Great content, I really enjoyed it
It is obviously a real fun course.
Awesome walk through of all items!
Very and thorough and well taught!
It a good practice to learn python
Its a awesome course for Beginners
Great Course , Thank you very much
Awesome course. Prof is fantastic!
Really Exciting ! Dr. Chuck rules!
Nice :)Cool way to get educated :)
Really easy to catch up and learn.
Thank you Dr. Chuck! It was great!
Simply makes all the things clear.
Another great course by Dr. Chuck!
Excellent professor, Great Course!
Engenders curiosity to learn more.
Thank you very much for your help!
Great python course for beginners.
Very interesting and well taught.
Amazing and so easy to understand
Excellent course with assignments
Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher
An amazing and must-learn course!
This course is GOOD for beginner.
trate course totally recommend it
Chuck is an amazing teacher!!!!!!
great course and great instructor
very efficient course. liked it!!
A very nice course for beginners!
The best python course to finish.
nice for beginners, good lectures
very informative!Amazing teacher!
Very good teaching..easy to learn
The best python course i ever had
This course was quite interesting
It was an interesting experience.
This course was so helpful for me
perfect course to learn python ..
one of the best course for python
great instructions and exercises!
Great Course! Highly recommended.
I'm just enjoying this course. :)
Nice,simple and structured course
Best course forgetting knowledge.
very good and interesting course.
Much well designed Loved to do it
feeling great to have this course
I just loved the way he explains.
Very Good Course For Beginner....
Thanks for this wonderful course.
Great course and great instructor
A very Educative Course! love it!
Thank you for this awesome course
i have learned a lot. Thank you!!
Nice course , very well presented
i learned alot...best course ever
it was really a wonderful session
Damn it was nice course, loved it
thank you, this is a great course
Interesting course and exercises.
Mr. Chuck is very talented tutor.
nice course with good explanation
Very helpful. Thank you Dr.Chunk!
Dr. Chuck is a marvelous teacher.
Great professor, useful exercises
greatly explained Data structures
Basics skills, but worth to know.
This course is very useful for us
It was a great course! Thank you!
It's a good start for a beginner!
thank you for an amazing teaching
It was very helpful for learning.
thank you so mush for this course
Feeling better to get this course
Good instructor and good content.
Thank you Professor and Coursera!
I am learning a lot and I love it
pretty good intro to python stuff
Great Course!  Extremely helpful!
Great course, easy to understand!
Outstanding!! Loved this Course!!
great confidence building course.
Great class with a lot of content
becoming challenging but worth it
Amazing, just like the first one.
very good ! thank to Dr. Chunk :)
Mr Charles is an amazing teacher!
Useful basic knowledges of Python
Dr. Chuck is excellent as always!
Really nice course. Very helpful.
Very good and clear explanations.
very useful, Thank you very much!
very helpful class for beginners!
Considerably harder than the prio
Awesome Lecturer,Amazing class!!!
Amazing Course! Wonderful Course!
Very thank you. That good course!
great but complicated assignments
Great course for learning Python.
A very good course for beginners.
Very good course . I enjoyed it .
Excellent course for a beginner!!
great course, with cool knowledge
Great. Covers most of the basics.
Good stuff! Enjoyed it very much.
Really useful and well explained.
perfect class for python beginner
Excellent course! Thanks Charles!
Nice course for Python starters !
Really does help me learn python.
best course for Python begginers
great good i really learnt a lot
It is fun to study and practise!
Dr Chuck is a very good teacher!
It was an amazing experience!!!!
One of the best course of python
Nice course to start with Python
Awesome...Best course in my life
Motivation towards a new journey
This course is really wonderful.
Excellent pacing and explanation
I am happy for choosing Coursera
very nice course and assignments
I Love The Teaching  Charles Sir
Coool Course thank you very much
Awesome Course! Highly recommend
nice class i learn a lot from it
Good insight on data structures.
huge knowledge from this course.
Best Course for Python Learning.
it  made programming easy for me
great course to learn from basis
very good explanation.seriously.
one of the best available MOOC .
a great course to take and learn
i really like the course, thanks
Great Class for Data Structures.
Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher.
very well explanations of topics
Awesome course to learn and earn
i really enjoyed learning python
Great course, I did learn a lot.
it was the best course so far...
very good for starters in coding
The course is picking up nicely.
awesome teaching by DR.CHUCK sir
Great python programming course.
great explanations of each topic
Great Course. Happy to learn it.
best course for python beginners
The course was student friendly.
Well structured - easy to follow
I learnt a lot from this course.
Class is ok the homework is easy
I had fun learning this course .
Wonderful in Total.... Thumbs UP
perfect for the new ones ......!
best way of learling python ever
Great course and excellent tutor
best and simple course on python
This course is very interesting.
The teaching style is very good.
Very interactive and enoyable :)
Excellent and very useful course
I learned a lot from this course
Very nice course thank Mr. Chuck
The course contents are too good
It is really a qualified course!
Best course for Python Beginners
Nice course, I really enjoyed it
Amazing course ! And I mean it !
It was a great experience for me
i like doc.chunk.He is so funny!
Nice course, best for beginners.
Nice and very interactive course
Great course, excellent teaching
very good course. Nice learning.
"the future of higher education"
good course for basics of python
For beginners its a great course
So far so good, Chuck is a hero.
Great course! Easy to understand
Thank you for interesting course
great course, loved everything !
Another great course by Dr Chuck
Tutor makes these concepts easy.
Good understanding and effective
Very quick but very informative.
HAPPY WITH THIS COURSE ENTIRELY.
I love professor! he is so cute!
Had a good brush up on he topics
Great course, fascinating stuff.
Really useful and easy to learn!
Straight forward and informative
Well paced course for beginners.
learn python in the easiest way.
excellent course, easy to learn.
Simple as well as very effective
Very satisfied with this course.
Highly recommended for freshers.
I. Love. Prof. Charles Severance
Nice teacher, and easy to learn.
thanks. I've jumped overfmy lazy
to the point and well structured
Great Course!! I learned a lot!!
Great course. Amazing Professor!
Nice content and great lectures!
best course to learn python ....
Good course. Easy to understand.
The best programming class ever!
Excellent course to begin Python
Great build on the first course.
A very good course and teacher !
Why can't I give my review? = =!
Simply put , Charles is awesome!
Method of teaching is excellent!
Excellent content and well paced
The best that can happen to you!
Very lovely one. It helps a lot.
good course , thank you coursera
It was a great course. Thank you
Wonderful lectures, great Chuck!
As always, Dr. Chuck is the best
an effective way to learn Python
Excellent instructor and course
Trainer was awesome in teaching
It's a very professional course
Knowledgeable topic nice vedios
AWESOME CONTENT REALLY HELPFUL.
Very good courses for beginners
Easy task with best explanation
I'm enjoy this course very much
Awesome explanation, I loved it
This course was an awesome one!
I'm very happy with all program
its very good platform to learn
Fantastic course. I enjoyed it.
just amazing, well-done fellas!
awesome content and faculty too
best course with a best guide!!
Enjoyed learning with Dr. Chuck
Great teacher and great content
Great teacher and great course!
good to learn a python beginner
I can do it to changed my excel
This course was really amazing.
very helpful thank you so much!
Problems are really insightful.
Nice counsil and great teaching
Fine Course, Thanks Dr.Chuck :)
The course  has taught me a lot
Dr Chuck is the best instructor
superb explaination by mr chuck
dr chuck is the best instructor
Best Python course I ever found
It's very useful for my career.
Amazing, Dr. Chuck is the best!
Love the way course is designed
Very good course for beginners.
Best Instructer. Thank you sir!
Great professor and his content
very nice and interestingcourse
Great way to get your feet wet!
Good as 2nd Course for Beginner
lots of fun and easy to follow!
best python programing course .
This is very helpful and useful
The best way to learn coding <3
Very helpful and inspirational!
Great course, great instructor.
Great explanation with examples
I learned a lot from the course
Very Good! I love this lessons.
Great course on Data Structures
learning a lot from ur lectures
It was great for me personally!
Very helpful and easy to follow
I found this course ineresting.
And two enthusiastic thumbs up!
Very Nice Course for beginners.
Very well taught and fun to do!
I have learned a lot from this.
Its very nice for new person, w
concepts explained very simply!
Wonderful course with Dr. Chuck
An amazing course for beginners
Perfect, this helped me a lot!!
instructor is very enthusiastic
i recommend this course to all.
This course is well structured.
Very good to start into Python.
Gotkickstartthrough this course
This is the best python course.
Excellent course for a begineer
Very helpful and well explained
Grrrrrrrreat course! Thank you!
amazing course,very good course
well explained. well organized.
Best course for learning python
This course is pretty easy to u
Dr. Chuck explains excellently.
Very useful and easy to follow.
Good for beginner with Python !
I love this course and coursera
Dr.Chuck is really a funny guy!
Good Course! Clearly delivered!
really helpful!! And I love it!
Thank you very much, Dr. Chuck.
Awesome Course for beginners...
Very detail and easy to follow.
exalent,simply amazing teaching
Excellent tutoring and lessons!
Well structured, easy to follow
really getting into this now...
Great course. Was a lot of fun!
Just go for it. you'll love it.
You can learn essential python.
It's a good course. I liked it.
It's really nice and fruitful !
Amazing teaching and resources!
very good  course for beginners
Great Course and teaching style
Very, very good and informative
Awesome instructor and course!
I am happy to join this course
awesome teaching by prof chuck
Very nice & best for beginners
Chuck is a phenomenal teacher.
great course. It was difficult
one of the best python course!
As previous Chuck was awesome.
Thanks Chuck, you are the best
Thank you for amazing course!!
Fantastic! I learned very much
very good and easy to follow!!
Awesome courses well explained
Dr. Chuck is always excellent!
awesome course! best teacher !
Awesome course and nice mentor
An amazing introduction course
Excellent ,well planned course
Good explanation with programs
It was a great journey........
Very clear teaching structure!
it was really a helpful course
i completely loved your course
best for certification courses
very nice course...well taught
It's nice to see you again sir
really this an owesome course.
Explained each and every thing
nice course , veryhelp teacher
Very helpful and easy to learn
Lot to learn from this course.
Go for it !Don't think to much
The Best and Excellent Course.
superb course, thanks dr chuck
best course from great teacher
Great course and great teacher
Nice course for novice learner
a bit too easy, can cover more
Very good course ! Thank you !
excellent course for begineers
Greate course totaly practical
Wonderful kick-start to python
Useful and interesting course!
wonderfully described content.
Great for getting in to Python
It's very easily for new come.
very nice way to learn Python3
Excellent teacher and material
I simply loved learning python
excellent teaching by dr.chuck
The professor is a masterpiece
One of the best online course!
Great course ! Great teacher !
Enjoyed the course thoroughly.
very good learning experience!
This course is extraordinary .
great course, very well taught
great coure and well explained
very nice!!! Really useful !!!
very-very nice study materials
Awesome course. Enjoyed a lot.
nice explanation with examples
Loved each and every sections.
hope it could be helpful to me
very good for python beginner.
Great course, enjoyed it a lot
Great course, I learned a lot.
Great course!!! Thanks a lot:)
very helpful and useful course
Awesome class start to finish!
great course, recommended 100%
Good Course with great clarity
it's very useful for beginner!
Excellent learning experience.
I liked this course very much!
I would recommend this course.
only for programming beginners
Simple and interactive course.
very goodI love this so much
python data structure
Very clear and easy to follow!
Interesting and funny lectures
VERY GOOD lessons for python
Awesome course to learn python
Excellent content and teacher.
The best corses for beginners!
awesome course. learned a lot.
Very good lectures. Thank you.
Very nice beginner's tutorial!
Prof. Severance is the best :)
Awesome course !! Learned alot
The old man is just lovely :-D
very productive! thanks a lot!
Everything about python basics
fun with python continues.....
Excelent course for beginners!
thank for this awesome course
Thank you sososo much prof. !
the course is well organised.
Superb plat form for learning
Its a nice course on coursera
Great course! really helpful!
excellent teaching i loved it
Good Had Great Experience....
Good course for the beginners
Really helpful for beginners.
Really well explained topics.
100/100 from by side...Thanks
The best python online Course
A very Nicely curated course.
The course was really amazing
Best course with best teacher
one of best courses available
Renew my interest in learning
Awesome course to start with.
felt great doing this program
It's really an Amazing course
indeed a course for beginners
I love the teacher very much!
very nice course for beginner
I really enjoy the session!!!
It's great place for learning
good platform to the learners
Such an organized nice course
The Instructor is the best 
I learnt how to read a code !
Best Python professor ever!!!
enjoyed learning at courser!!
AWESOME!!! Love You Dr. Chuck
Great Course, great Professor
Beautifully described course.
once again dr.chuck nailed it
Excellent learning experience
Great as usual from Dr Chuck!
very Good course.More helpful
Very useful to improve skills
As usual Dr. Chuck is th best
really enjoyed while learning
This was an excellent course!
I enjoy this course very much
A very great course thank you
Excellent course and Prof.!!!
this course is really helpful
Valuable course for beginners
Loved it - Chuck is the best!
Like the professor very much!
Great Teacher. Great Teaching
Amazing course:))very helpful
Charles Severence Is amazing!
Great course. Great teaching.
thanks for this great course.
Dr. Chuck is a great teacher!
best online lectures i found.
Really good course for Python
Very useful courses! Love it!
Nice course for the beginners
I like it. Thank you so much!
Gives a good basic foundation
Superb programs and content !
Great course - learned a lot!
Excellent course for everyone
Dr.Chuck is the best teacher!
Great course! Really helping!
easy and interesting to learn
Great course , easy to follow
Very good and clean teaching.
Dr. Chuck made it easy to go.
outstanding(on basic level!!)
Good courses and good teacher
This is a really good course!
verz good step by step course
Greatest Python lectures ever
A yet another awesome course.
Outstanding lectures by Chuck
Great course to learn Python!
Absolutely Fantastic Course!!
THIS WAS INTENSE AND STANDARD
Very fun and easy to get into
Best course for the bigenners
It's really good and helpful.
amazing!!helped me a lot...:)
Great course to clear basics!
very good course for starters
Good for python self learner.
Very helpful and interesting!
Consider my review this time.
learned a lot from the course
barvo!Thanks for Dr.severance
Good course, would recommend.
It's a good intro into Python
Very good coverage of topics.
Great class as the first one.
The explanation is awesome!!
Excellent course by Dr.CHUCK
This course was very useful.
It's amazing.Learn alot.....
The best python course ever!
Great Intro Course to Python
superb,you can easily learn.
Chuck is a wonderful teacher
It was an interesting course
amzing couerse and theachers
i have learned something new
learned a lot. very helpfull
Thanks for amazing class!!!!
The course was very helpful.
Very helpful thanks Coursera
Thank you so much Dr. Chuck!
Time invested on right thing
It was a great continuation!
It has been a great journey.
It was awesome. Thank you :)
Good for beginners in Python
teaching strategy is amazing
Very good programming course
really had fun in learning !
the course was very helpfull
It is indeed a great course.
Superb & Fantastic Course!!!
Very Good python course,Nice
Topics covered well in-depth
It is good platform to learn
fun course.easy and relaxing
good for short term course's
Beautiful way of learning...
It's really good and helpful
ExcellentDr Chuck is awesome
Very helpful and interactive
great professor, very clear.
Chuck is a great instructor!
Simply amazing for beginners
That was a fantastic course!
I really need more practice.
Very much usefullThank you!!
fast, intuitive, but deep :)
love the way class structure
Interesting and challenging!
It's from fundamental ground
It was an excellente course!
The instructor is very good.
Great course, great teacher.
very nice ,easy understading
Fundamentals of data mining!
Great Course, Easy to follow
very nice course for everone
The instructor is fantastic!
This is an excellent series!
Great Content for Beginners!
Best Course to learn Python.
very good highly recommend
Very easy to follow and fun!
Good assignments and quizzes
I Like this course very much
Professor is very inspiring.
Very useful for beginners...
very satisfied with the pace
Great course, learning a lot
great course!! Well taught!!
Great course! well organized
Gained new things,Thank you!
Dr. Chuck is amazing, superb
Great course! Thanks a lot !
A very well designed course.
Seriously, best course ever.
I like this course very much
Awesome course and teacher!!
Really good education system
great course, learned a lot!
Best course to learn python.
great sessions and exercises
Very good and well-organized
its very good with dr. chuck
Good and very useful course!
excellent! Thank you, Chuck!
Great Faculty,great teaching
very good.pro is very humous
Excellent and easy to follow
Great professor, great class
Awesome, fun and insightful!
Thanks a lot Professor Chuck
Awesome basic python course.
ABsolutely fantastic course.
Thank you for your teaching!
Good course. Join and enjoy.
love the course, thank you!
very good platform to learn
Good Experience of learning
Great course to start with.
excellent work by  Dr.chuck
Good understanding of basic
Thanks for this fun course!
thanks for making me expert
Wonderfully designed course
very informative course sir
LOVELY,SUPERB and THANK YOU
Really Good And Informative
This is an excellent course
great to have this course!!
I like his way of teaching.
it was a really good course
Best Course on the Internet
Thank you so Much Professor
love the way of teaching :)
The best online class ever.
I loved this part of course
Really a good experience !!
good course I enjoyed a lot
Nice experience, Thank you.
excellent course to go with
very good and useful course
Awesome course, easy to do.
Very happy with the outcome
Learnt alot in this course.
A great learning experience
Awesome learning experience
Professor Chuck is awesome!
Worth learning.............
It is very helpful for me .
Dr.chuck is very awesome :)
The professor is very good.
this is very hlpfull course
Very nice course and mentor
Professor is Fun to learn!!
instructor teaching awesome
very good course must do it
the best python course ever
Very good course instructor
It was a very great course.
It's a really great course.
thank you it helped me alot
clear and comfort to lean~!
Great course to start with.
Excellent! Thanks Dr.Chuck!
sir you are doing very nice
best course and assignments
dr.chuck you are superhero!
Its very easy to understand
Great course for beginners!
It is really helpful!Great!
great learning new concepts
Very good contents loved it
great course very intuitive
Just needs more assignments
awesome course by Dr. chuck
A very good course. Thanks!
great course I learnt a lot
Course content is very good
Such an outstanding course!
Course was excellent.... :)
Thank You for good lessons!
Loved the course very much.
it's wonderful course to do
Excellent learning material
easy to follow! recommended
more and more difficult....
amazing way of teaching!!!!
Very clear and well taught.
Good Learning for beginners
Better than previous course
Great course for a beginner
Need more practice exercise
This course was verry good!
Another great Python class!
Great course! Def recommend
This course is well explain
Best course to learn python
GOOD COURSE WELL EXPLAINED!
Great course, well taught !
Great....Can only recommend
Easy to learn, good course.
Simply brilliant, Thank you
good class, thanks Dr.Chuck
You will really enjoy it!!!
Great class and recommended
I say simply awesome course
great course,very important
great course, best teacher!
great course! thanks a lot!
best course thanks Dr.chuck
Great course to learn from!
I'm going on with pleasure!
Nice Continuation to Part-1
This is a very good course!
It's a review for the book.
Amazing course for beginers
Brilliantly fun! :) Cheers!
Great teacher, great course
Great class, learned a lot!
so good !!!  its very  nice
Great course for everyone !
good and very understanable
Great course, worth taking.
Love how dr. Chuck teaches!
its a great, easy to learn
Excellence Course of 2020!
I really enjoy the course!
that was a good one for me
Such an incredible course!
cool course, cool teacher!
Man i loved this course <3
Great class for the basics
Very nice course to learn.
Absolutely a great course!
It is a Excellent Course .
This course was perfect !!
good .we can learn  easily
this is very knowledgeable
awesome experience with u.
Great training. Thank you!
Awesome and elegant course
Ihe course was pretty cool
great course by dr. chuck.
Got to learn something new
Really informative course.
Good Course. Good teacher.
Dr Chuck as good as always
Very good and clean course
Your best intro to Python!
helps every python learner
nice faculty and materials
Very well designed course.
The Best course for python
Very valuable  information
Great! I learned too much.
You are the best Dr. Chuck
great class! learned a lot
Very well organised course
Useful course for everyone
Really Loved this course:)
Sure course for beginners.
those courses are awesome!
Good course by Russell sir
very well-designed courses
explained in very easy way
Helpful and easy to master
best course. thank you sir
it was a practical course.
really enjoyed this course
Awesome exercises and MCQs
Great and cool! I love it!
Very nicely framed course.
Good teaching from basics.
I could really learn a lot
Beginner friendly course .
nice material and coverage
very helpful. THANKS A LOT
Chuck is the best teacher.
Another nice intro course.
Great learning experience.
excellent work by Dr Chuck
had great learning time :)
Its a n incredible course
Great course and teacher!!
great class easy to follow
very good reading material
Awesome! I really like it!
really good course..thanks
Great teacher nice program
Love the courses as always
Very simple and functional
Very intitutive and useful
Great course for beginner.
Great learning experience.
Awesome course :-) Thanks!
A very good course to take
The instructor is so nice!
Awesome class, thank you!!
Very good course! Like it!
The best course for PYTHON
Charles is great. Period.
Good learning experience.
Great beginners course!!!
It was a cool experience.
It was a great experience
Had an Amazing Experience
Excellent! Easy to follow
Very much helpful course.
The Course was great.....
It was great experience..
it is a good course to do
easy to understand python
Very, VERY good professor
Thank you So much Dr Chuk
exemplary teaching skills
effective learning course
Good for Python beginners
You teach just so welllll
Dr.Chuck is the best!!!!!
I really enjoy the jurney
Wish he was my professor!
It is an excellent course
Great for learning python
it is a very good course.
this course is very good.
It's an wonderful course!
Very well covered course.
the course was excellent.
very knowledgefull course
The course was excellent.
This ia an amazing course
this is an amazing course
Python basics taught well
it was an awesome journey
nice programming language
Nice Course for beginners
Great course for beginner
Don't hesitate to take it
very interesting to learn
good subject for learning
It's very good experience
Simple, yet very complete
surprisingly nice course!
Many thanks to Dr. Chuck!
very good, difficult , bu
Come to Bratislava Chuck!
Great Stuff!! I love it..
Good course for begginers
Very nice and easy course
amazing course! thank you
clear and can learn a lot
Dr. Severance is amazing.
Thank you very much, Sir!
excellent! thx professor!
Excellent Training Course
Again, clear and funny...
Nice course. Recommended!
best python teacher ever.
I really like the course.
I love Dr Chuck Severance
This is an amazing course
best lecture in the world
Awesome. I learned a lot.
Good Course to Start with
Very nice for beginners !
Great challenging course.
Only one word.... Perfect
Really well taught course
Great interesting course!
Amazing! Very productive!
Very useful and dynamic !
very good to learn python
completed awesome course.
Very good course indeed !
Very good course. Thanks.
Thank's a Lot Teacher !!!
Dr Chuck is the greatest.
The best course of Python
Good course, very helpful
Clearly defined concepts.
Nice class for beginners!
I love the specialisation
Thank you for the course.
Course is well structured
Great course, thank you!
best python course ever!
Awesome Course.Must take
It was awesome fantastic
Grateful for this course
amazing and very helpful
it was a very nice class
It's easy to understand.
awesome and great course
excellent teaching staff
Loved it ! Really useful
very accurate assignment
This is the real Coding!
wana learn more and more
Awesome, I learned a lot
Perfectly design course.
It is very helpful to me
Amazing course. loved it
Engaging and well paced!
i feel it really perfect
well explained session!!
i just loved this course
IT WAS EXCELLENT  COURSE
Excellent teaching work.
This course is fantastic
Best course for beginner
nice course for starters
It is very good to learn
good course for starters
It"s an awesome course |
Super clear explanation!
easy way to learn python
it is a nice lecture. <3
this course is very good
Very clear and enjoyable
amazing course, loved it
Fantastic explanation...
Explanation is god level
I am so happy. Thank you
Geat course!  Thank you.
gain a lot of knowledge.
Extremely well organized
very good loved DR.chuck
Best course for learning
very detailed, and clear
Very amazing and useful.
great teacher for python
Great teaching approach.
Thank you Professor Chuk
Thanks for every things!
Great learning  with fun
Best Python Course Ever.
A Really helpful course.
helpful and comfortable.
Good, well-paced course.
Thanks Sir you are great
Prolific and informative
Great course, thank you.
Good for training python
Challenging yet soothing
very useful and vey good
Sir Charles is the best.
very good course helpful
its simple and effective
this is a awesome course
thnak you for everything
That was really awesome.
The course is very good!
This course is wonderful
Such a amazing courses..
so wonderful experience
Nice course for rookies.
Great course & professor
Great course. I love it.
Loved it!Muchas gracias!
Good course, I liked it!
A very nice refresher!!!
It's really interesting!
should teach from basics
Learning can also be fun
Very good course. Thanks
Very nice for beginners.
Very high quality course
the best instructor! :-)
good course for beginner
Absolutely great course!
Awesome course. Loved it
Very Clear and Practical
extraordinary professor
Outstanding all the way
The course is so useful
This course is the best
Good and comprehensive.
It was a great learning
It was good experience.
This is a Grate Course.
Very Good to Understand
Thank you for the party
good. worth studying it
this course is bit fast
Illustrative.Thank you.
A Professional  Teacher
Nicecource&I enjoyed it
Thanks Dr.Chuck!-jacobo
Very good explanation !
good course thank u sir
its fun and interesting
It was great. Thankyou!
it was little bit tough
Interesting As always!!
too much helpful for me
This course is Awesome.
Dr. Chuck is awesome!!!
just loved this course.
Awesome some of courses
Really a great session.
I really enjoyed Python
Very good and effective
i understood everything
it's a very good course
best python course ever
Thanks, great sessions.
He knows how to teach !
best recommended course
Great Course. Thank you
It is very  very good .
very well taught course
Learning Python is fun!
very charming lecturer!
Very clear and helpful!
Fantastic Python course
got to learn new things
Very helpful I loved it
very simple and helpful
Thank you Dr. Severance
Explained very nicely!!
nice format of learning
This course is awesome!
Dr. Chuck is very cute!
Nice program, loved it!
Loved it!  Great course
Exotic Content Delivery
Good course for starter
good programming course
Very very good course !
Love it and nice course
Awesome .. I love it :)
I very very like course
Great, I learned a lot!
A great and cool course
absolutely great course
Python Data Structures!
Another superb course.
great course i love it
Too Good Course...!!!!
it was a great journey
one of the Best Course
Chuck is a rockstar!!!
it is a helpful course
it was very good topic
nice contents to learn
a best way of classes!
This  course is great.
the course was awesome
Amazingly Explained!!!
outstanding experience
good and easy to learn
THIS COURSE IS AWESOME
Awesome demonstration!
The tutor is the best!
great and very helpful
Dr. Chuck is awesome!!
this course is so good
awsome course material
awesomeenjoying coding
Am very good at python
the courses are great!
one of the best course
The course is awesome.
Perfect for begginers!
thankyou very much sir
best for the beginners
1.simple and powerful.
Hello World!Thank you!
Interesting exercises.
Simple. Easy. Awesome.
Interesting and useful
Dr. Chuck is the best!
Love it, great course!
A very helpful course.
Pretty useful courses.
Amazing. Fun to learn.
I love this course :-)
very Good for learning
very good and hands on
Dr Chuck makes it easy
The course is awesome!
Finished on 07/07/2018
explainationisverygood
Finished in one night!
Really good, practical
it was a great course.
Absolutely five stars.
clear and step by step
Enjoyed the next level
Nicely arranged course
Very nicely explained.
Best professor!!!!!!!!
great course to learn.
nice and helpful start
The best online course
Recommend this course.
pretty good and awsome
Very good presentation
the best course so far
that is benift so much
great knowledge shared
thanks a lot Dr Chuck.
good elementary course
The teacher is great!
this was good course.
Cheers to Coursera!!!
Thank you so help ful
very nice explained .
Shoutout to Dr. Chuck
Brilliantly explained
Great class, great TA
Such a amazing course
Perfect for Beginners
Dr Chuck is the BEST!
Very good instructor!
Absolutely  Worth It.
easy way to learn !!!
this course is awsome
Absolutely fantastic.
It was a nice course.
great course loved it
I loved the course!!!
best course on python
this is nice cource .
An excellent teacher!
This course is great!
This course is great!
Awesome instructor!!!
really good course!!!
It was really awesome
very nicely explained
Happy with the course
Charles is awesome :)
Learning this was fun
I loved it very much!
tests are challenging
an awesome experience
this video are useful
Dr. Chuck is Awesome.
Dr Chuck is the best!
Very happy to go head
Great intro to Python
A mind blowing course
that's awesome course
very clear structure!
great place to learn.
very helpful tools!!!
I love these courses!
Love Python! Keep on!
Excellent....Loved it
Strongly recommended!
A very good Course :)
Excellent teaching!!!
lecturer is amazing!!
another great course.
it was really helpful
Enjoyed the course a.
it is really helpful!
I learned many things
It is short and good!
Clear and interesting
good! helps me a lot!
thank you , Dr. Chuck
Thank you Dr.Chuck!!!
Clear and methodical.
Professor is humorous
Very good course! :-)
Clearly for everyone!
It was a nice course.
Only one word: GREAT!
Super awesome course.
excellent!! loved it.
good use of your time
A very useful course.
great content, thanks
Awesome work Dr Chuck
Great course, thanks!
Great for beginners!!
Excellent teaching !
Right place to start
Very detailed course
Love you, Dr. Chuck.
its good but so long
Good course to start
easy to learn topics
great and fun course
Excellent! Thanks :)
very good instructor
Dr. Chuck. The best.
It was just awesome.
this course is good.
good course to start
Dr.Chuck is awesome.
Mast che baka course
the course is good..
Really great course.
teacher is very good
This is good course!
Excellent Teaching!!
the best of the best
Greatest course ever
Teacher is very good
Brilliant instructor
Really good course!!
The teaching is good
i love to learn here
Very good instructor
thank you very ,much
Thank you. Dr. Chuck
very good and useful
ThisisanAWESOMEclass
Wonderful instructor
It is worth learning
I'm very proud of me
I was great. Thanks.
It's a great course!
Very good instructor
Dr. Chuk is the man!
great course indeed!
Exceptional.Must try
nice and informative
Very Nice Course!!!!
its amazing to learn
good teaching by sir
Great! Time flew by!
Dr Chuck is awesome!
perfect way to learn
Great teacher !!!!!!
very nice and usable
What a nice course!!
good things to learn
Informative training
Great learning here.
Good Structres... :)
Already added review
Really nice course!!
Really great course.
What a good lecture!
Very nicely taught!!
Quite Knowledgeable!
Thank you so much :)
Great point to start
great courselove it
Very well organized.
Simply """AWESOME"""
Very Well Structured
I love it very much!
A Great Journey !!!
Thank you Dr. Chuck
Awesome for basics!
very nice course...
It was good course.
dr.chuck is awesome
very much efficient
happy with learning
Course was awesome.
The course is great
great course chuck.
Dr Chuck is great!!
Very happy to learn
I learn many things
Excellent! Loved it
I like the teaching
teacher is the best
It was Great Course
I am very thankfull
thank you Dr Chuck!
Clear and simple ;)
Dr Chuck is Awesome
This class is good.
Enjoyed learning!!!
to the point course
its very helpful !!
Learn lot of skills
informative compact
it was fun learning
it was nice too fun
Outstanding classes
nice tecahing sir..
It is really nice!!
A wonderful course!
I loved this course
Good Starter Course
i learned very much
Very nice course :D
Really Good Content
good to learn herte
kinda thrilled ....
Very good teaching.
Good Introduction !
Very clearly given!
Overall Good Course
very usefull course
Simply  Best Course
Thank you Professor
Great class, chuck!
i love this course.
Thank You, Dr.Chuck
very well explained
Ready to learn more
its goodthank you
Awesome and helpful
Instructor is funny
thank you Dr. Chunk
Most amazing course
this course is good
it;s very use full.
Another great class
Anothergreatcourse!
Thumbs up Dr Chuck.
Was a nice learning
Professional course
A very nice course
Great course it is!
outstanding course.
I like this course!
It's amazing course
Very good lecturer!
best Python instruc
Thanks Dr Chuck. :)
Always exceptional.
Very good to follow
Very useful course!
Charles is awesome
Interactive Course
Prof Chuck is fun!
Absolutely superb!
Really cool course
Short and precise.
the course is good
watch at 1.5 speed
Its So Good Course
Amazing teacher :D
Amazing experiance
Dr Chuck is great!
great learning! :)
It was GREATTTT!!!
Best instructor :)
thankq so much sir
great explaination
very good platform
Very useful Course
thankyou everybody
best online course
very good content.
Content was great.
Wonderful Course!!
best course and it
so good for basics
best teacher ever!
Nice course for me
best python course
Very great course!
Explanation is fab
I like this course
Great Python Corse
Very lively class.
i loved it. Tq sir
thanks to dr.chuck
i love this course
Marvelous teaching
course was awesome
thanks dr chuck...
Easy to understand
Easy and efficient
exceptionally good
the course is well
fabulous DR Chuck!
well taught course
basic introduction
Very great course!
Teacher is so good
Really Enjoyed it!
Outstanding Course
An Awesome course!
What a fun course!
captivating course
Excellent teacher!
very   good course
awseome experience
awesome structure!
very good course !
Excellent teacher.
Good presentation.
very nice courses!
Really informative
Chuck is the best!
It's very good....
its amazing course
great and succinct
Thank you Charles!
It is very useful.
nice for beginners
Love this course!!
it was fantastic .
Best Python Intro!
stay cool Dr.Chuck
Best teacher ever!
Interesting Course
Thank you Dr Chuck
very nice lectures
Awesome! loved it!
Excellent learning
Awesome teacher :)
Very Nice Course.
Chuck is awesome!
Good course to do
Thanks, Dr Chucks
This is fantasic!
Nice basic course
Great Instructor.
Good explaination
Great instructor!
GO FOR IT!!!!!!!1
This man is Crazy
good presentation
Very good couse..
Awesome Dr Chuck.
thank you Charles
great explanation
Coding made easy.
The couse was fun
Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Great Instructor.
very good  course
happy learning :)
One word, lovely.
it is really nine
very informative!
FANTASTIC COURSE!
nice and good one
It was excellent.
wornderful course
Very well taught!
Awesome course :)
Very goood course
Loved the course!
amazingly awesome
It was amazing !!
Very well taught.
Good way to learn
Awesome Professor
good expalanation
Amzing Experience
very usefull one!
Very nice Course.
clear explanation
its a good course
really awesome!!!
Absolute awesome!
that was great :)
Its great course.
Great! I love it!
I really liked it
awesome learnings
nice way to teach
Good and valuable
simple but useful
It's very usefull
Nothing but Great
Very good course!
very knowledgable
Excellent,teacher
Very cool course!
Very nice course!
Course is awesome
learned very much
thanks dr . chuck
Clear and useful!
Love this course!
Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Best of Coursera!
Very constructive
I liked the pace!
thanks for course
Learning with fun
very good course
Really well done.
Great for startes
Very good course.
it's really good
Awesome Learning
It is so helpful
Very Nice class.
Really awesome!!
Ready good intro
I love Dr. chuck
best course ever
Absolutely Great
nicely explained
very good cousre
It was very good
Simply Excellent
Love this Course
Love this class!
best explanation
I am very happy.
dope ass teacher
Nicely explained
awesome material
Dr.chuck is awsm
amazingly taught
its was amazing.
great instractor
Thanks, Dr Chuck
I learned a lot!
wonderful class!
Thanks MR CHUCK!
Loved the class!
really liked it.
Good explanation
Simply the best.
Chuck is the man
Amazing Course !
really organised
Great Professor!
Great education!
Awesome class
Wow, just great!
great course~!!!
Pretty good one!
One word: useful
it' great course
Awesome Learning
awesome, helpful
Simply Brilliant
100% recommended
Really enjoy it.
Dr. Chuck rocks!
Great! So great!
Best class ever!
Perfect Course !
10/10 phenomenal
its simply great
Very educational
Awesome stuff <3
Funny and useful
A little Easy...
Really great :-)
AWESOME TEACHER.
Awesome Class :)
csev is the best
the best teacher
Great Teaching!
Was really Good
It was Awesome.
Chuck is great!
it was exellent
It was awesome!
Very hopefull!!
Best for basics
Good quick into
must recomanded
short and sweet
awesome content
it helped a lot
worth your time
Really Grate!!!
Great proffesor
Wonderful class
fun in learning
loved the curse
Extraordinary!!
This course was
was very useful
Simply awesome!
Great Course :D
Super effective
Thanks, Teacher
A Great Course!
Awesome course.
Great Teacher!!
really helpful!
Very Good !!!!!
very beneficial
Good one....!!!
Great Course :)
Awesome! Course
Great Learning!
cute professor~
Easy and useful
So interesting!
very good cours
sound and clear
It is so great!
Best professor!
I love Charles!
the best course
Love Dr. Chuck!
Awesome teacher
Great Course :)
Thank you Chuck
Best class ever
thanks for you
learned alot!!
AWESOME COURSE
great teaching
Amazing class!
really awesome
Well Explained
Well Explained
Really awesome
good proffesor
Simply Awesome
Great  course!
great platform
IT WAS AWESOME
nice learning,
Love Dr Chuck!
So cool course
Pretty cool ig
Best explined.
Great Dr.Chuck
Easy to follow
nice teacher..
It's too good.
learn a lot!!!
Great coursera
Great to learn
happy to learn
A great couse!
It's very nice
GOOD TEACHINGG
Cool! Thanks!!
Nice and easy!
Pretty good
nice teaching!
Really cool...
I learn a lot.
Good teaching!
Good explained
best to learns
Nice learning.
Great, thanks.
Great as ever!
Good Course!!!
It's perfect!!
Thanks for all
I love this !!
This is great.
Helpful Basics
Easy and Good
great teacher
this is great
smooth course
this is great
It is Amazing
it works nice
good to learn
Learnt a lot!
It's perfect.
nicely taught
best teaching
Very accurate
best teaching
Awsome Course
Python Rocks!
it is a great
very useful!!
Great Content
Great for all
good classes.
It was fun :)
Great coure!!
Just loved it
more to learn
Thanks Chuck!
Great!!!!!!!!
Thanks Chuck!
Lovely Course
Greate course
great helpful
it's the best
very helpful.
simply superb
Learnt a lot.
python rocks!
Python rocks!
Thank You Sir
perfect class
great course!
It was fun.:)
pretty good~~
Nice teacher!
really great!
i love python
Enjoy Python.
The Best !!!!
simply great!
Playfulness:)
Simply great!
easy and fun.
Great course
I loved it...
Best of best
Great course
thank you!!!
Thank You !!
i Enjoy This
Lots of fun!
great coures
thank you <3
very perfect
great class!
It was Great
It was Good!
perfect one.
follow chunk
pretty good!
