The course was not what I expected. In my opinion there is no academic foundation but most likely evolved science. There have been times that was eager to finish the video. The bibliography was poor and the lecture slides very bad. Also, the whole subject of the course is the professor's book, word for word, so that means in case you buy the book, you have the hole course, but not the certificate.The least I can say, is that this act is unprofessional, anti-ideological, and it does not take the course in another level with more knowledge.
This course disappointed me. I expected to receive knowledge about negotiation. But it's more advertisement for the book. I did every step in the course until the quiz and the quiz asks for knowledge which wasn't in the course. I assume that i should have read the book to be prepared to do the quiz. That's not why i registered on coursera.
Poor content, only a book accompanies the videos and we should not be forced to buy anything!
Not very well organized course to teach the essential principles of negotiation.  The course material moves incongruently between legal and business negotiation tactics, which would make it difficult for any untrained future negotiator to understand the art of negotiation and ADR for business and law.
Video content is difficult to follow. Instructor asks a lot of questions without providing answers to the audience. Very heavy on stories and examples, but leaves out basic need-to-know content like definitions to vocabulary words that the instructor continuously refers to. I often found myself pausing the video lecture to Google a topic because the instructor provides no information about it, assumes the viewer is already well-versed in the subject, and jumps right over an explanation then launches into a 15-minute example. The course material per week is very lengthy because the instructor uses too many examples or speaks in monotone; I found myself pausing the video and simply reading the subtitled text beneath the video to actually learn the content.
I think this training s more appropriate for lawyers than normal people, I was hopping to learn more about negotiation techniques and it was a times very technical.
Complete course zero bole bad main money mag rha very bad credit hum bhaut study karne bad degree mila 97% marks plz my certificate cum
THIS WAS MORE OF A BUSINESS LAW COURSE THAN A  NEGOTIATION COURSE, I HAVE COMPLETED OTHER COURSES ON THIS THAT ARE MUCH BETTER
It is very boring. You should change the teacher. Or, the content of the course.
The Professor is very slow and boring.
Why certificate is not free
it was not useful for me
costly
Profoundly knowledgeable, but very soft spoken Professor - was difficult to maintain interest and energy especially in this remote learning medium. Decided to table this course for a while and revisit when my learning attitude is calmer and more in-line with his communication style.
I will definitely say most of the lectures and videos which are shown in this course, were quite interesting. But what I felt lacking was there was no smooth transition between the legal aspects and the other part of negotiations and left quite a few people (supported by other reviews) confused. Also, the quizzes including the final one were designed almost as if it expected you to buy the coursebook, without which it will become quite difficult to pass, they were quite ambiguous.
I have mixed feelings about this course. I notice that a lot of courses like these in US colleges are incredibly glorified. The professor sounds knowledgeable, I have to admit. The material, however, seems mostly like common sense. Most of it is life skills that you simply pick up over time. Just like business courses, people love to label everything concept or process with some kind of nice sounding term to make it look professional or whatever. Also, very boring.
should you decide to follow a single course  I would suggest this one: "Introduction to Negotiation: A Strategic Playbook for Becoming a Principled and Persuasive Negotiator (Yale Uni)" also available on coursera.here the speaker is pedantic, and very slow. material is good, but was not adapted to an on-line media. you are just watching a recorded class. not so engaging.Also the continues push to buy the speaker's book, is a real put-off. No other suggested book.
I think this course should have two versions. A shortened version that teaches basics in every day negotiations (first half of the course) and then the full in-depth course. It seems Mr Seidel is very succesfull in his profession, but I'm not interested why Russian students did laugh as he said "zopa" in one of his classes. The course should be more precise in delivering the contents.
I thought the instructor was very well organized, and knowledgeable. However, the information I received, at times, appeared more descriptive than informative. What I mean, is that I feel that we were told a lot about how things are, and very little about what to do. Overall, great instructor, I had expected more "strategy" and "guidance."
Only few starting videos give new information and techniques, the rest 80% is quite useless. Course would be much better if it gives real tips and techniques rather than constant repetitions of the same information in different forms. If you read the course contents - you already get 75% of what is presented in the videos.
Repetitive and stating the obvious from all sorts of angles. But this may be usual for business classes.
The course is good but there is too much talk for nothing , you need to be brief and right to the point
Very Theoretical. Expected lot of activity to get the complete knowledge.
Good context, however, long videos, didn’t catch my attention.
Wasn"t great. I didnt find the tests great
It is quit common and not much interesting course compare to the Yale's one. There is much less practical and usefull information , while there is all theoretical base   info (BATNA, ZOPA and so on). Unfortunately approach of lecture are too boring and a lot of part of it are devoted to the laws  (mediation, arbitration). If you are not beginner lawyer it wont interesting you a lot.  There is only 1 practice between student (at Yale's course there is two and moreover there you could get feedback of others students not involved in negotioations and there is explonation of typical behaive in particular negotiations).Will I advice this couse? Well might be. In some theoretical thing is quit nice, but I wish more practice knowledge (how to deal with people, how to contra-react to some typical manipulation and so on. BATNA and ZOPA and so on are useful, but let be honest we deal with people and it means that sometime charisma, challengable behavior can strongly influence at you during negotiations - What we should expect and more over how we should meet it or reduce? this it out of this course.I might be too emotional and its my imho, but too boring approach for teaching. I definitely rape myself to follow this course while another one (Yale) was much more nice.
So much to like about this course and I really enjoyed the final actual exercise of a negotiation.  Chief complaints:  1) the final is nothing like the quizzes interspersed throughout the lecture, and 2) a horrendous number of typos in the transcripts of the videos, including major ones (e.g., Pearl Evidence Rule instead of Parole Evidence Rule and many more like that).  For a class that has been taken by supposedly "hundreds of thousands" of students, many of which paid for a certificate, you would think the have plenty of resources to provide a clean copy of the text -- in consideration of our non-English students if nothing else.  And yes, I did submit that comment to the course mentors, who suggested I volunteer my time (after paying for a certificate) to go clean up their transcript.  Right.
Nice course with many tips, but very enterprise and US oriented. To be expected, but still I would have liked some more day-to-day aspects coming up. It is possible to adapt most tips but I think that could enrich the course.The teaching voice should be more active. Felt like a falling asleep university course. A negotiator should be a more fluid speaker (in my humble opinion, not an expert in any ways).
It has good content (simple and common sense from my perspective, but usefull). The problem is that it actually looks more as a Decision making course than a Negotiation skills course. If not, it just looks as publicity for Mr Siedel's book, as the videos are Mr Siedel reading word by word what is written in the book. It is not compulsary to buy the book (around 13$ in Amazon), as the videos cover the whole book, but if it weren't for the certificate and the practical case I would just buy the book and not pay for this course.However, don't get me wrong, as I said before the content is good, and I am glad to have the book as it has a lot of usefull summaries, keypoints and lists. It is just not the type of course that I expected. That's why I recommend to look at the content (not just reading the titles of the videos because some of them are misleading) before paying the course.
The Learning Pace and Content was really Good.  It was interactive in a way questions were merged within modules and needed attention to be solved. Final Assessment was also in line with content so it made it wholesome. Howsoever, it might have been made inclusive with more real life examples and include cross-functional negotiations other than sale and purchase.
Great course content. However, i would personaly regret that most of the course is focused on the resolution/legal aspects of a negotiation process, rather than the strategies and skills as per suggested by the course title. I would however definitely recommend this course, which has been of great interest to me !
this course started very excellent and exciting but I think we'd better be informed more about negotiation it self rather than learning ADR process in detail.but totally it was beneficial for someone who wants to start to learn how to negotiate and how should think at the start point of negotiation.
This course started really well and went through the principles of negotiation that were very useful. But it drifted towards focusing more on dispute-resolution and very heavy on the lawyer jargon which was not what I was looking for. The presenter is great though. Very clear and interesting.
The final negotiation homework was very interesting, and useful in internalizing the concepts. I didn't like the fact that the course spent a lot of time covering legal topics. Perhaps due to the instructor's legal background. I wish there were practical recommendations on salary negotiation.
It's better to just read the transcripts than watch the painfully boring videos. If you don't have an interest in law then you won't find this class very interesting.  I thought the information was good but could have been better presented.
gave some negotiation skills, but it is more a class to binge in a day than to take over a month or two.the main skill is a way of thinking about option values and how to choose based on risk trees.
A lot of theory, and mostly focused on business and contracts negotiations, probably it would have been more useful for general / every day negotiations. Still informative and nicely explained
Enjoyed the professor, but there was lots of fluff and ultimately spent far too much time focusing on legalities and minor details and less on actually imparting negotiating skills.
I struggled a lot with the presenter of this course. The presentation was quite fluffy yet the book is direct and straight to the point on the theory of negotiations.
A good course but rather dry. The whole course was the professor sitting at his desk talking to the camera.The information was good but could be delivered better.
The course is interesting, but in the other hand is too basic, If you already have some knowledge about negotiationg it wont give you a lot of knowledge.
Overall learned new skills that I can apply in the future, but didn't find the course particularly interesting enough to keep me engaged.
Good basic overview.  Not groundbreaking content or presentation compared to courses featuring Steve Blank or leaders from Google.
Not a bad course. But I would have liked to have more on core negotiation skill rather than contract law and dispute resolution.
Good material and final. Quizzes at the end of each week would be helpful. Also, the videos could have been quite a bit shorter.
Learned a lot on improving my negotiations skills and relate it with frameworks. Good beginners course .
It was really good experience to learn here so much about new skills.
have explained excellent negotiating skillswith real life examples
More quizzes within the weeks that count for the final grade
Good course, good material, good instructor, poor execution.
Great But Could use more info-graphics in the videos
Good for starter and had lot of information
I really liked the approach on this course
It is targeted to business negotiations.
6 options not required in final exam.
Final exam too long and difficelet 45
some quality nuggets in here
Too much law for non lawyers
Very helpful.for knowledge
the course was too dragged
ok course. nothing more
Very interesting and useful.Mr Siedel is bright and explains well.The whole course is worth spending time on it, even if you have the experience in negotiations already.It helps to rationalise and don't forget any aspect of the negotiation process up to the conclusion.Some concepts could be difficult to really understand if you don't get already an exposure to the American business culture.
I liked this course overall, and thought it had some thought-provoking and actually useful bits of information. I am a researcher in her 20s at the University of Michigan hospital, to provide a bit of my perspective. I originally took this course to (hopefully) get some ideas for how to negotiate salaries, perks, and benefits with potential employers and how to better represent myself in private purchases for things such as used vehicles. In my experience, this course was about 70% theory/large-scale negotiation and 30% real life tips and suggestions, so it did not exactly fulfill my original hopes for the course, but did provide me with a lot to think about when it comes to business-to-business or business-to-client negotiations that may come in handy in the future (and if not, then at least it's some new insight). Pros: very accessible to many cultures and countries, some tips for psychological traps that are commonly present in negotiation situations, real life examples of companies following different theories outlined in the course, the instructor was fairly engaging and seemed genuine in his interest and very experienced, "The House on Elm Street" example that is given in this course and intended to be carried out with another person in real life was quite useful and fun Cons: not super useful for my purposes (outlined above), I wish there were more examples/practice prompts similar to "The House on Elm Street" so that we could practice a variety of scenarios and hone some skills over several attempts at realistic negotiation scenarios
The professor is well-knowledged  and able to provide very high quality course. I do lean a lot from his class.Though English is my second language, prof. George's explanation is very clear, easy to understand and on the point. The videos help a lot when i was learning. It's more efficient and memorable than reading the book (i also purchase the book and write notes during my learning). Generally, I's satisfied by the knowledge I learned so far. Due to device limitation, i, prof, and other students may not able have interaction which may influence our learning quality (Negotiation required a lot of practice and experiences). But I still can see our prof's effort on making this class memorable to us.At the end, Thank you Prof. George for providing meaningful education.
This course was extremely valuable to me. Theoretical knowledge especially. My two points for possible improvement, most probably subjective, would be:1.The course is too slow-paced. There is a bit too much of an auxiliary talk, which may distract from the essential knowledge.2.While the course offers some state of the art practical examples, a little more interactive approach would probably immensely increase student involvement and hence help keep attention and distinguish important points.Lastly, at every start of the week, I was asked to do a test quiz to asses my knowledge from that week. This is very strange. The test quizzes should most definitely be offered only in the end of a week, AFTER I have acquired knowledge, and not before.
This is a very well designed course for negotiations and contract making. The thing I found which would have been added benefit is more practical elaboration in Week 3 of actual negotiation techniques. More of these tools could have been covered and practical guides and case studies like negotiating for increases compensation, negotiating with a supplier etc.Some of these tools which I found from the book "Never Split the difference" areDisarming your opponent by saying the worst thing about yourself first, particularly helpful in dispute resolution negotiations.Asking "How am I supposed to do that?"Mirroring techniqueWriting the specific number instead of round off number.Giving a range etc.
Good course, you really learn skills which are valuable in real (business) life. The exercise of week 6 is excellent.However, it was a bit slow paced and a bit too easy. I think I could have learned the same material in much less time if the videos had been more to the point (maybe some exmaples less, or explain an example with 2 sentences instead of 5).If you want to go faster, just read the book and only do the exercise of week 6 and the end exam. The book is almost a literal transcription of what he says in the videos. Indentical examples and anecdotes.Summary: content was great but could have been more fast paced.
Some strategies I learnt, I would have never thought of. An interesting course and quite enjoyable. A great course for any business person who needs the essential ingredients for negotiating. Thank you to the lecturer and much appreciated.Perhaps a little additional material to give it some depth? I just felt a little more was needed to validate the material to put what we learn into practice. But apart from that, a worthwhile course for anyone that needs to negotiate in their business. I am sure I will refer back to this from time to time, as some pointers will help keep you in focus with your strategies.
I just found the final exam a bit confusiong when the answers options were displaying >  "two of the above". What does it mean? 1: the last two answers which are located right above ? or 2: any other answer that is above?. Still, I found the course not clear enough on the differences and similarities between mediation, arbitrarion, litigation. I know it is a lot to cover, but the course is ambigous about these themes. Anyhow, it was very interesting, George is awesome, I've learned from it and I do recommend it to my friends for sure! Thanks for the opportunity!
My personal opinion is that every lawyer needs to master the art of negotiation and this is one of the best if not the best platform to initiate that process. I would say specifically that I have learnt a lot and I believe this would give me an edge over lawyers that have no idea about this in my country (NIGERIA).Thank you very much coursera for giving people like me an opportunity to know and understand more. You are truly creating a world without educational boundaries.
Would like more exercises to test knowledge throughout the course, not just one large exam at the end.  Would prefer less choices on final exam questions to better demonstrate one's knowledge of material, not test-taking skills.Professor Siedel is a wonderful professor with many years of both theoretical and practical knowledge.  His real-world examples allow students to apply course materials beyond academia to the business world and life in general.
This course was really useful and Prof. Siedel is such a great person. It is a pleasure listen to his lectures that were more like stories. I however would have liked to have little quizzes in between the weeks to review the content. It adds up quite a lot and even taking notes, at the end some info gets missing. I definitely recommend this course though. I am sure I will do much better in my next negotiation.
The course is well designed to give extra mileage on the Negotiation skills. The presentation of the course and examples are very helpful for learning the concepts well.In my opinion some topics needs more focus and illustration namely " Decision Tree", Different options of Authority like Express,Apparent and Implied.I througly enjoyed the topics and it will defntly benefit me in my Negotation skills.
The course is great, but the title was misleading for me. I would call it "Contract Negotiation", because there is a lot of information on the laws and the specifications of contract signing that I think are too specific to be present in a general negotiation course. Other than that, the teacher is great and the tests/exams also allow for a continuous notion of our progression.
The way professor Mr. G. Siedel conducted the course is very practical and useful. Invites always to "think about answers" to complex questions and his new  approaching  techniques to negotiate with success are truly useful to analyze your behave negotiating, and therefore , improve in the negotiation techniques and knowledge  of tools and different approaches to a negotiation.
For me, this course was very thought-provoking. The professor gave many examples to make sure students understood the study materials. It was very interesting and challenging course. Even for someone who doesnt have skills in negotiation, this course definetely helped me to understand how to negotiate with structure and how to use it.  Every penny was worth it!
It is a quite well structured course. Is missing a little bit "flash" to become more incentive, attractive. Negotiation is part of "sell and buy" something and many times is not only a scheme of calculus, could be also sentimental decision and in this case is difficult to determine the right value (value creation is like a bubble soap, nice but easy to break).
This is a very dense course, offering a quite detailed information and technique on negotiation. While the focus is very much on business deal negotiations, one can pick up transferable skills to apply in other areas. While the knowledge gained through this course is not directly applicable in my area of work, it is a useful course to have taken.
Amazing tutor Professor Siegel. Your simplified manner of delivery of the concepts relating to the real time incidents is what draws more from this programme. The book on NEGOTIATION STRATEGY authored by you will be as a memory of pursuing this programme and a treasure to me.Thank you University of Michigan for embracing this course.
This course covers all the bases of general negotiation.  The professor is well traveled and credentialed in his field and gives very frank, matter-of-fact presentations of the material.  The only thing I would change about the course is that I would have periodic check-up quizzes to help the learner gauge his/her understanding.
this is an exceptional and well-designed course study and I hope It will help in the future to crack the better deal in the corporate world. Even though somehow I felt It could be better explained in some topics because I felt that the professor has presumed that we know some of the terms and topics. Thank you Prof. Seigle.
Great course, give you a lot of opportunities to learn and improve your Knowledge on the subject, but it lacks on help (even when it is well known that the final text is really difficult), as well as it can be a little bit repetitive or slow some times. Regardeless of those things, i really enjoyed my time learning.
It was an interesting course. I did not know much about concepts, techniques, and tools for negotiations. There are also examples given for every new concept. However, there are some unclear content and some law-related concepts that make a person who is not pursuing law confused. But I do recommend it in general :)
Very good and useful teachings!. Thank you and congratulations.  The teaching method could be perhaps improved , making it more attractive. It's too much based on a bit monotonous videos, with scarce interaction or variation. And I would say that  the final exam is a a bit tricky. Anyway  I think is a really good c
This course is great to understand the insights and essential skills to undergo a negotiation. Professor. Siedel has great acknowledge and expertise and outlines this in a great manner. The only thing that could be improved is the relevance of the information given that the initial course was published in 2014.
Exceptional practical knowledge well explained examples, one confusing part was in the final exam multiple choice of the answer option titled "two of the above" as the student should be able to select 2 each of the 2 answers or this option is redundant in my opinion other wise overall really enjoyed the course.
This course is focussing on negotiation in business.But the presented concepts and strategies can be used in private negotiations of all kinds.I found the legal aspects of negotiation of contracts rather boring, but then you can watch the videos in double speed.All in all a very useful course for me.
It was a great learning experience with professor over last few week, it kept me engaged & most important inspired me for future, this course Structure , the reading, personal learning and assignment and action learning assignment is quite unique. This course give really good fundamental awareness
for a begineer with tech background I found this course eyeopening and very entertaining I must say the instructor is a wonderful teacher even though many terms are bookish for people belonging to non-business functions , i am very pleased to get to this course and pass sit it . Bravo Sir Seidel
I would prefer that the rationale behind a correct or incorrect answer for the quizzes and final exam are added so I am fully sure I grasped the concept especially for wrong answers. Other than that, the course is absolutely amazing and helps tremendously both in business and in personal life.
The course is very informative and very helpful and practical to individuals like me who wants to reorient themselves with the basics of negotiation. I can apply how to negotiate effectively both with my personal undertakings and with my professional undertakings in my future assignments.
I really enjoyed Professor Siedel's simple style, using a bit of humour but at the same time ensuring the point is clearly conveyed. In my area of work negotiation is a key tool and this course has taught me some basic, yet important, aspects one needs to keep in mind. Thank you Professor
Dr. Siedel is extremely informative when it comes to breaking down the roles people play in any negotiation and the intangible aspects of the transaction overall. I recommend this course to anyone in a sales position or in corporate positions that conduct a lot of B2B transactions.
The course was amazing, very interesting and gave me some valuable skills, which I will able to use during a negotiation process in my business and private life. From my point of view the final exam is too detailed taking into consideration that the course is lasting min. 7 weeks.
This is a very interesting course. It is the first course I followed on Coursera and it worth my time and money. Various skills and strategies are being taught which I took for granted before. This course is helpful both for the day-to-day negotiation and for business ones.
Compared to other online courses that I've taken up, this course was considerably difficult compared to them. I believe it's because it's totally out of my interests and abilities. However, I'm not regretting taking this course in fact, I'm so glad that I applied for it.
Learned a lot in this course, even though I was not new to the subject. Great review of psychological traps and biases to avoid, and a nice overview of third party and alternative resolution options. THANKS Professor Seidel for making all of this knowledge available!
The content in this course was in detail and it helped me to understand all the concepts properly, the professor also explained the concepts in such a way that negotiating in a deal is easy. Thank you so much, looking forward to enroll in such helpful courses.
World class teacher. Fine contents with a very useful legal approach that is often missed in introductory negotiation courses. Compared to other Coursera MOOCs I missed support materials or further readings. Additional assignments and cases could be included.
I find this course especially helpful in my everyday life. Interesting thing is that I was selling my apartment while I was litsening to this course and this may be my biggest motivation to follow up this course as I want to negotiate an ideal selling price.
I thank Professor George Siedal and Coursera for the course. It was useful and enjoyable experience while doing this course. I joined this course to learn regarding negotiations but I also ended up learning about contracts,mediation and arbitration.
Overall a recommended course. It brings improved perspective specially over fixed pie myth and equips with better understanding of negotiatioImprovement can be done in the areas of decision trees and more data can be added to psychological tools.
Course is great, it might be helpful in negotiations at every aspect of life. It also shed the light onto aspects of different laws and contract rules. Still, the final grade is a bit complex taking into account the previous ones are light.
Very good course! Mainly the Negotiation Test, where we can put into practice many theories shown by Mr. Siegel. I didn't give 5 stars because (in my opinion) the course could be a little less focused on laws and legal procedures, and mor
This course is challenging, but if you stick with the deadlines and take the exam within the timeline you will learn the content deeply. There is a lot of usable information in this course whether it is for personal or professional use.
This was a very good course covering negotiation theory from a very interdisciplinary perspective. It covered behavioral sciences, game theory, and interpersonal communications aspects with potential implications to negotiation.
Great Introductory Course and well taught. Only feedback is while Mr. Siedel is speaking that sometimes they slides for reference can be kept on screen while he is speaking so we can understand the visuals whilst he explains.
Great course! Very useful negotiation techniques. It's not easy to pass the final exam which you can see the level of the curse. I've enjoyed practicing with the exercises, especially with "The house of Elm Street" exercise.
Excellent course for anyone interested in improving their negotiation skills. Ever since the first lesson I have started looking at the business world from a new perspective. The book is a great read and not too exhaustive.
Very good and interesting! Thank you very much for giving us possibility to learn from you practical experience. However, some of the points are very important may be just for the US juridical system and not elsewhere.
Content is good with real life examples and cases which helps you to imagine the situation and analyse on your own. The continuous activities in course keeps you attentive and make the course interesting and lively.
Certiicate for free will be nice, because in czech students can not affort buy it thisGenerally about the course who know you get some information but some times the information was useless i dont need it in my live
Great course! Preparing for a negotiation and negotiation tools units are really good, last unit is a bit boring. The final negotiation is really entertaining and helps a lot to sink in the contents of the course.
This is a great course where I learn all the essential skills and tools which are needed for successful negotiation. The lectures were entertaining and interactive as well. I enjoyed taking this course very much!
This course helps me much in real life. It improves my negotiation skill in many situations of life.But I think it has a little bit much US's law, it is not really helpful for everybody, but some specific region.
Great course, simple overview of negotiations and theory. Offered interesting case examples based on real events; gentle and steady pace. Didn't buy the book, but wonder if that would have been much different.
Very usefull for my line of work and I do believe that, regardless of your line of work  it's very helpull to understand this tools, skills and strategies because we are always negotiating something in life.
Excellent course, without no doubt it is a keep tracking methodology for negotiate in your daily basis, will recommend to any person who needs to evolve and gain more insights into the real world businesses.
4/5: Professor is a good teacher and very well versed in the material, which is very relevant. Only issue I had, which justifies a solid 5/5 becoming a 4/5 in my opinion, was that it was a little too slow.
ADR, BATNA, ZOPA , Screens...These concepts are so brilliantly covered in a very logical manner. This has ignited my interest to take another shot at a higher finance related course with legal sidelines..
This was a great course with an instructor that was very articulate.  I would recommend this course to anyone no matter the reason, business or personal.  It was easy to follow and the content flowed.
The approach is good, the tools show are excellent but all is related with attorney. It's more related with law causes but brought new learning for me. I got new knowledge and its the most important!
I never thought that I  would do a course of this type but as I started the course I liked it so much and was so interested in finishing it as soon as possible. Thanks to my professor George Siedel.
The course content was informative and engaging. I have a lot of negotiations with my current role and I found this very insightful and practical. Professor Seidel is very clear in his explanation.
This is an amazing course from University of Michigan . I learned a lot from this course. This course is so informative and the way George Siedel sir taught us, it make course so easy to understand
A great course on negotiation tactics discussed by Sir George Siedel. The facts and keys pointed and explained so deeply here that could accumulate our learnings in our real-life applications.
Good course.  the exam had some topics wheich were not clear in the lectures.  Also, it would be helpful is the slides of the lectures were available as opposed to downloading every lecture.
Really good course, but the One Final Exam is a bit long (45 questions).  IF that one final exam could have split into 10 questions for each week's exam, it would have been much better.
Nice course, very engaging, with a good level of depth and the right duration.The legal part is basically oriented on American law, but it gaves also some hints of the European model.
It was an enriching and knowledgrebile experience for me. I learned the basic skills of Negotiation and the way of Presentation was really wonderful. Thank You for this opportunity
Being from a technical background this course was very enlightening, interesting and something different. Learnt a lot about how these skill are very useful in our day to day life.
Good course, enjoyed the insight and examples. Would of been brilliant if there was a summary document for each week for main points and definitions. Useful to print out and keep.
Interesting, focused on relevant matters, practical. Enriched  with many examples and one involving practical exercise. I would have appreciated questions after each lesson block.
Loved this course! This course provides applicable theories and techniques for the real world. George's calm and witty nature helps to keep you engaged and motivated. Thank you.
Course is good and covering lot of aspects to be considered during negotiations.Some concepts are not applicable in India like never heard about  the concept of  arbitration.
Very good contents and methodology of the course.Learn to look at the things through the different angles.The knowledge is useful for professional and personal life also.
Excellent course. Professor Seidel provides very good examples that makes it easier to understand theory. I would only recommend to provide more free based bibliography.
The course has been well programmed to ensure a holistic learning of the students. People carrying no similar background will also be able to cope pace with the topics.
I have gotten so much knowledge about legal procedure of negotiation. My interpretation about all courses is really hard for students who are not in a Business School.
I enjoyed the professor’s style of teaching. He was pleasant and sometimes funny! I learned that everyday is full of negotiations and it is up to me to be successful!
Good course though it can be difficult to follow because of the lack of theoretical context. This course seems to assume that everyone know US laws and regulations.
Well done, Very clear about the goals of the course,Prof. Seidel speacks in very easy english, easy to understand also for non english native language.Loved it!
It was a great course to know the general skills for negotiation, but it is more focused on the laws and rights than on the negoctiation for procurement side.
the lectures were a bit longer than i  prefere . i encourage you to read the book to go faster with the courses . but i learned a loot than i expect . thanks
Great course not only for professional usage. Many concepts are extremely helpful for personal situations. This is a material that everyone should access.
Very useful course!!! It gives you important tools to succeed on a business environment as negotiation is involved in almost every situation of our lives.
Always try to understand other person's perspective! This is one of the key thing in negotiation. Good course with good practical negotiation in the end.
I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn into formal and personal negotiations for sure. Very articulate and excellent content.
Some of the speeches are really very long and need patience to finish. I'm happy that he exam is much easier and takes not very long time to get passed.
Exceptional teaching. The main detraction for me was that some practice videos had poor audio quality; particularly the video on mediation proceedings.
very good introduction, over focus on legal terms to my opinion, but most of the course deal with how  to nego' and how to make successful nego'.
Great course,  but in my opinion a bit too much focus on ADR-procedures. Would  personally have liked more emphasis on negotiation-processes.
He is certainly a very good teacher, but he is boring.He uses this same monotonous tone,but seeing the content it does help us understand.
Very very good! Professor Siedel, thank you very much.I missed more math, but I think It would be a different course then.Recommended.
well structured. should be more focused on practical applications. the final exam could be more hands on on cases than on definitions.
Amazing lecture and presentation. Kindly provide PDF file format of all course information for reading purposes and future reference.
very good case study material , however I would request to make it more sale specific as I find it very heavy on legal and contracts
I thnk it's a great online course. The only thing missing is a little more interaction with the professor with peers. Recommended.
I enjoyed the modules and learnt newer concepts which are not only applicable in business but also in everyday life. Thank you!
Well structured negotiation strategies that would be applied with more discipline and evaluation of the the end result in mind.
This course has good examples and tha book is very easy to read. I believe could have more technical arguments on discussions.
Very good course on negotiation.  It would be nice to have a summary of the slides to download afterward for future reference.
This  was a great course, the only thing that could make it better is if there was a PDF print out available to study from.
excellent course with good instructor .This course should be taken by all who is interested in opening their own company
Excellent lesson plan ,well design ,easy for understanding.,good questios for exam Not a easy exam to pass this subject.
Amazing course and the instructor was very good at explaining.Will love taking online course on University of Michigan
Very interesting and enriching course. It gave me more than what I expected. Definitely a must for young negotiators
good videos and explanations, it provides tools for negotiate andexplain very well all the negotiation environment.
The course was full of great lessons and stories to keep it interesting. I enjoyed it and learned a lot. Thank you!
Good material and a great presentation by the professor. Examples are good quality and some of them from real life
the course allowed me to look at the negotiation process in a new way, look at the negotiations much more widely
A very good insight to another way of negotiating. I am only half way through but already thinking differently.
Very useful framework to use when negotiating. Totally helpful the practical activity to do an overall review.
Shorth lectures with focus on the main objectives, comprehensive definitions, straight to the point examples.
Awesome 👍, but unable to generate certificate after completion of the course whereas it was mentioned Free.
Good content, but very US based (as to be expected from a US university i suppose). More law than i expected
Great course, with a very pragmatic approach. Recommended to anyone who has to negotiate on a regular basis.
From every lesson, I learn things that not only applicable in negotiation but also in daily life. Thank you.
must take course to understand negotiation skills techniques and step by step introduction to negotiation.
Overall a good course content. However, more shorter examples would have helped retain the content better.
The course has a lot of information referring on negotiation..it was a good course supported on his book.
This course is just amazing, but i guess that  it should have a free-written-material to make it better.
Hi , I’m so happy to finish this course , really I felt   it is so difficult , but I did it thanks God !
Very well taught in such a manner that is so easy for understand even for people with no-law background.
Nourish yourself with the knowledge taught by Prof. George Siedel!! Recommended course for everyone....
Contract & Laws should be avoided in this course because most of the law/Contract deals with US based..
More examples may be used to explain the concept of ZOPA, Reservation Price, BATNA and decision trees.
More activities and comparison ANswers, i would like to know the correct answers for my Wrong Answers.
I absolutely loved the course. Only suggestion is to make the videos and duration for a shorter time.
It was a good & insightful course! Nice to learn about the methods & skills required for negotiation.
It's a good course!just a observation that isn't 100% translated. Tasks and evaluation is in english.
This is very useful course to understand many things about negotiation, even in your day to day life
There should be "fast tests" after each class. So that I could check my understanding of the topic.
Lessons learnt in this course benefit your business career and can be used in your personal life
Great but I strongly recommend you watch the videos on 1.5X speed as the prof talks a bit slowly
It was a nice experience going through all the videos an lectures, i really enjoyed the course.
Good content. A lot of content actually. Well explained by a likeable professor. Not difficult.
Nice one. Had new information in it, could have been a bit more interactive, but I enjoyed it!
Good course but more focus on the legal perspective rather than the technique of negotiations
I love this  course thanks to Michigan and Professor or giving me such wonderful opportunity.
Its a vary good course and you have kots of opportunity after letting know about negotiation
This course is excellent, the only problem is that french subtitles do not cover all videos.
It was a really good course especially a outsider from the the US has a lot to learn in it!
A bit tough if you are not a law student or business analyst, but worth taking the course.
Great course on building negotiation skills, especially in interviews or salary increases.
Very interesting course. The materials are presented perfectly for everyone to understand.
Very good course, structure, content, and engaging fellow students -- big Thanks UofM! :))
An elaborate insight into the tools required to negotiate your way into any walk of life
This course as been so helpful to me. I now understand Negotiation very well. Thank you.
Definitely a great program. Great way to up skill yourself!!! Thanks to coursera and UM.
Very good and useful technics with lots of examples to help you understand and memorize
Great way of teaching, interesting, not boring at all. Usefull in the life of everyday.
Gives what it promises: the essential guidelines in a introductory course. Recomended.
Simply Best ! I liked the course work, kept the interest intact and is worth knowing.
Needs a little more of a breakdown on Decision Trees caculations.Great course though.
It was an useful course. I believe that I will use the tools learned in this course.
Well delivered course although the BATNA calculations seem bit difficult to answer.
more interaction  and ongoing assignments would be better, but really great course!
Excellent delivery, very simple and in depth analyses of the negotiation process.
Excellent material and methods, i found the course extremely useful and practical
Very interesting for a person very new to the subject and keen to learn about it
Good course however very focused on law issues and the US market.Would recommend
The quizzes of week1-6 are too easy, the final is hard compared to the quizzes.
Very good and interesting course with lots of information on how to negotiate.
thank you for this course that make me able to improve my Negotiation skills
It was very useful to learn new technique and upgrade the negotiation skill.
Good material. Important aspects of negotiation discussed in concise manner.
Great course, I learned a lot! Teacher is great, very clear in his lectures.
Very nice course and content very helpful in our day to day problem solving
It does open your mind and makes you think logically within the boundaries.
Well crafted course, a must for those who believe in riding over the edge.
I learn new idea of negotiation through this course. Thank you so much!
Great course. Interesting stuff. Bit too much legal aspect to my taste.
It is very good! However, some of the terms are more applicable in US.
very informative course, however, the final exam is very challenging.
It was an excellent course with real life example.Easy to understand.
Much useful to those who are into Negotiations on day to day basis!!!
The Slides could have been more explanatory.  Overall a  good course.
Pretty fast course and examples were well thought out and explained.
Very instructive although there wasn't enough practical cases fo me.
I liked so much this course and the teaching way of the its teacher.
Great for everyone, almost essential to non-businessmen or lawyers.
Thank To University of Michigan for providing this platform to me.
A good introduction to some basic negotiation concepts and skills.
INSTRUCTOR IS REALLY SUPERB. BEST CONTENT WITH REAL LIFE EXAMPLES.
Good course to change perspective towards any kind of negotiation
Great professor with clear lectures and thought provoking topics.
Excellent course. Useful tips for professional and personal life.
Gives a detailed understanding of the essentials of negotiation.
One of the most essential life-skills, explained so beautifully.
Very helpful. The lecture is direct and easy to understand even.
it paves the  right way to suceed in personnel&professional life
Prof has a unique style of teaching making this topic very easy.
Generally good course. Very brief information about the tactics.
Good course, structured presentation of topics for Negotiations
It is fantastic! But i really missed more pratical stuff to do
Definitely one of the skills which will help us in our career.
Great course. Lays out the process of proper negotiation well.
I think this course is helpful and we can learn a lot from it.
it is an amazing course very useful you should give it a try.
A good course to aware the knowledge of negotiation in depth.
Great course and interesting but subtle topic. Thanks George!
A perfect course which teaches you the basics of negotiation.
Its A great course and I learned a lot from it.Its worth it.
Amazing course, good to start with you will pick up info.
It's a very valuable course. Blessed to grab this course.
Very interesting course and useful tools for negotiation.
Extremely great course with an equally great instructor.
Could be summarised in parts, but generally good course.
If you never had thought about a BATNA join this course
Thank you so much Michigan University &Dr/George Siedel
mostly it was good, should have quizzes in each section
Excellent course , I learned a lot and improved myself
This course was extremely challenging yet rewarding.
Excellent Course to improve your Negotiation Skills
Thank you for the excellent course. Worth the time.
it was great experience being a part of this course
I learnt a great deal on negotiation strategies.
more feedback in exam questions would be better
Loved the course. Covered a lot of information.
It's very challenging but worth all the effort!
Great course!  Thank you very  much Professor!
Great lessons for deciding on what took want
was useful we need more technical theories
great course, informative and challenging.
Organized body of concepts and knowledge.
very useful, practical,and brilliant !!!
An excellent Subject and I learn a lot.
Excellent efforts for online education.
A very good course.an effective speaker
I find the course is very interesting..
Very useful course. Thanks professor!!!
great applicable to my work situations
its very useful course for management
I learnt lot from these course thanks
very informative though a little slow
very nice course. Thank you Pr Siedel
Quite interesting with lots to learn.
its very good learning with coursera
Final Exam was a tough one to crack!
a lot of great and helpful knowledge
Valuable and not too time consuming.
Very efficient tools for negotiating
Great to access the course learning
Have fall in love with negotiation.
Very useful framework introduction!
I want certificate for this course
Very practical and useful course
very nice for improve our skils
elevated thought of negotiation
How To Be A Better Negotiator !
I loved it, it was my 1st MOOCs
need more real world exercises
great course and great teacher
GREAT COURSE, GREAT PROFESSOR
Straightforward and engaging!
i leant alot from the course
Such a great course to learn
it was quite good experience
The course content was good.
Very informative. Thank you
Very clear and very usefull
tough, but well worth it !
nice course worth learning
Friendly, nice professor.
good but america centric
Good Negotiation Course.
Great course. Enjoy it!
Good training methods.
It was great learning
Useful and insightful
It's awesome course.
easy learning online
Great and effective
Exam was difficult
it was excellent
very helpful...
Very Nice issue
very satisfied
Great Delivery
Great content!
Just awesome!
was useful
Great 👍
awsome
I had a great time attending this course. Its like a long journey which you don't want to come to an end. Dr. George Sidel and his great efforts behind creating this course should sure be applauded.
Probably the best course videos Ive come across. Professor George I believe is an amazing teacher...the way he gets the concept across to students by  simple and constant examples is worth mentioning..
The course helped me fine-tune my negotiation skills. Want to thank Prof. George Siedel for presenting this amazing course in a spectacular manner. The examples conveyed by him in this course provided easier understanding about the concepts & tactics. After completing Week-3 of this course, I tested my negotiation skill and this is the result of the same -"I live as a Paying Guest in a Hostel with a monthly rental of INR 5,500 which includes accommodation & food. Since I go to my office on second shift, i was not able to have lunch & dinner from my hostel which was increasing my expenses. I went to my Hostel Owner and started negotiating regarding the same to reduce my rent. I was able to make him fall into 7 of the 10 traps. I was able to reduce the rent to INR 4,400 and he even permitted me to have lunch & dinner if I want to at the same cost. I promised him to find 3 members to fill the empty rooms available in the hostel.This was a great saving to me and the deal was even too.I was able to find 3 occupants for the vacant room within a week.  Now both of us are very happy with the deal.Very recently, I was even able to sell a used mattresses to him at a fair rate by which I found the amount of goodwill he had in me."Though this might be a very small thing, I was very happy that in my current negotiations I was able to achieve a Win-Win situation that favors both the parties.I finally thank the Coursera Team for providing me the financial aid for pursuing this course and I request the Coursera Team to forward this review to Prof. George Siedel as my thanking token:)
First of all, I want to thank the professor for such great lectures. besides, the course doesn't bound you for department, or professional you have, rather it will help you in every aspect of life.
Great Learning experience, my first but not the last & recommended for those working professionals who have busy schedule and still want to whet their insatiable appetite for contemporary learning
This is one of the best and enlightening MOOC I have taken and I already start reaping the benefit. I encourage everyone who is serious about his/her career to consider this course!Yannick Kounga
It has been an honor and pleasure being able to listen to Professor Siedel's lectures on successful negotiation strategies.  As a law student interested in business/finance/corporate law, his course has been a great comprehensive look at the interconnectedness of business and law.  The humility with which Professor Siedel possesses is humbling and extraordinary of a person of his intellectual caliber and professional accomplishments. Many law/business professors I have known are rather intimidating and unsettling. I have learned an invaluable amount of very unique knowledge and skills that Mr.Siedel teaches to some of the most important financial and legal movers and shakers around the world.  Yet despite his reaches throughout the world, he seems like the most kind and relatable man.  His jokes are impeccably timed, especially during a lesson that may seem a bit dry or difficult and I never found his lectures to be boring.  In fact, throughout my time with the course I always looked forward to the videos and am very sad to see the end of them.Additionally, I had the mindset that in order to be successful in business or law, I'd have to adapt more of a detached, zero-sum approach to my professional life.  Not only has Professor Siedel changed my idea of how business and legal negotiations work, he has shown that there is in fact more to be gained by seeing people as people and not as mere numbers.  Thanks for not just the academic lessons, but life lessons as well. I hope to walk in beauty much as you do Professor Siedel.
I absolutely loved the lecturer, George Siedel. He presents in a way where I wanted to listen and I feel like I learned a lot from him just with the way that he spoke. I definitely think that this course is worth doing and I am really happy that did it. The fact that the course was online, didn't feel like it was a barrier to me at all. In fact, I preferred it because I was able to go through the work in my own pace and was thus able to complete the entire course in one week.I really enjoyed this course, and definitely think that the lecturer, George Siedel, played a big part in it. I haven't done many other online courses before, but I'm definitely motivated to try more of Coursera's courses due to the great experience that I had taking this course. Due to the introduction of the University of Michigan made, I am now also strongly considering to apply for the MBA course when I am able.
Great course. Excellent presentation from Prof. Siedel. Very clear and with lots of examples. Loved the interaction during the negotion practice. In my case it was intercultural  that made it more challenging. As for the Final exam also very good. Not an easy test but covers all the course and makes sure we paid attention to the course. If it was easy wouldn't be fun!
Great course! It changes the way I used to see negotiations.
Professor George Siedel, did an extraordinary work about sharing us his knowledge, stories and different cases about the negotiating world.The way the courses are divided and explained are undoubtedly a rewarding experience for anyone looking to extend his/her knowledge path.I really enjoyed, the positive & welcoming behaviour of Professor George Siedel and how he showcase this course on front of the camera: easy words and examples are key on this class and it helped me to absorb the material, very easily!This is indeed; an exceptional course that can only bring more value to our skills and on-going life and professional experience. This course deserve a flawless 5 Star rating!!! I really hope that Professor George Siedel will provide and share new materials in the near future. Thank you Professor George Siedel!
This is my firsy MOOC course and I'm very satisfied about the contents. The professor has been very clear and his examples were very easy and helped us to understand better the theoretical rules.I hope to attend other course in order to improve my skills in my job.I recomend it to everyone who wants improve the negotiation skills.
I learned so much from this online course. I never knew how many different strategies there was to negotiating until now. This course is definitely worth the time and effort to learn these skills.
Great content, real-life example, and flexible schedule. Great for professionals.
A great set of skills to learn and a challenging but rewarding course.
I strongly recommend this course to everyone: Taught by a great instructor, this is a well developed course that encourages you to conduct an actual negotiation with another person (for me that was someone across the globe I found through course forum) and put the learning into practice and receive valuable insights about my personal negotiating style and how I could improve it. I also purchased the text book written by the instructor. However, I am disappointed it doesn't extend much beyond what is already in the videos. To be honest, I felt the book was necessary as there were  a lot of jargon and not-so-clear rules I had to master; especially as a physicist, I found contractual law to be challenging. The final exam was tough, but not unconquerable. Thank you Dr.Siedel!
As an introduction to the  topic it seems to provide essential information. Having little to no previous  experience in negotiation it provides useful insight and different perspective. The pace of the videos seems too slow at times, but the content is relevant to the topic and assessment questions have some difficulty. Surely worth the time and effort.
Great self paced tutorial.  Easy to comprehend topics and principles. Quizzes are good method for understanding concepts.  You are able to retake final exam and quizzes until you master the material.
First of all a big thank you to Coursera for giving opportunity to millions of students to avail excellent distance learning. I have the privilege to complete many courses offered by Coursera. With regard to this particular course "successful negotiation - essential strategies and skills" , the course is very well planned. Although it is planned and executed by the Senior and Renowned Professor of Michigan University, however, the course material, examples, pictorials and presentations are kept very simple for easy learning of students from various disciplines. To me, since I am a Supply Chain  Professional, this course gave me further insight into the core areas of negotiation i.e. planning, tactics, contracts and evaluation. i must thank teacher Mr. George Siedel for including many examples, most of them were real and from teachers personal and professional life which was very helpful to me in understanding.  Thanks and best wishes to my fellow students in their future endeavors.
It was definitely a bad idea to take up this course as my first MooC I took seriously. Professor George J. Siedel’s course was too well-structured, consistent and practical, and have raised my MooC expectations level so high, that now, being absolutely hungry with massive online education, I face certain difficulties in finding a course to keep to the same level. But I go on believing that it's possible. As for the practical application of the knowledge obtained - it’s too early to make conclusions, but having tried some techniques in reality, I find them very helpful. What’s also great: now, getting a bit deeper in some of the issues raised by the course, say, negotiator’s decision making psychology, I find out that what I see in 10 different sources, had already been covered by this only course. And the final practical task was a bit of mind-blowing for me. In a good sense. Thank you very much for the experience!
The combination of real-life examples and the theory behind is a rich and insightful learning experience. The videos with Prof Siedel are not only interesting to watch but also a superb inspiration.One more highlight in the course is the case study to conduct a negotation - could be with another student from around the globe and receive straight feedback.An excellent course I can  highly recommend.
This is a very complete course that will give you tools for your daily personal and professional life. The teacher is excellent and the contents he teaches too. Do not hesitate to take this course!
This is a very interesting course available on Courseera. The concepts are well explained with interaction and real life examples and makes us easy to relate and use in our day to day negotiation.
Great Course, For Negotiation!!
Excellent approach and content.
The course is absolutely great!
I have nothing but gratitude to the University of Michigan for the course “Successful Negotiation: Essential Strategies and Skills”. Especially to Professor George Siedel  for sharing his valuable knowledge and professional experience in such a humble and kind way and for being able to convey his passion for this discipline.Negotiation is a fundamental skill that we must learn how to use and this course has far exceeded my initial expectations, providing me with a scientific and conceptual framework, tools, techniques and tips that I will be able to use in both my personal and professional career.  It has been a great experience to learn at my own pace and alongside students from all over the world. I found this course very thorough and filled with plenty of case studies that were extremely helpful in understanding the concepts. I would definitely recommend it to everyone who would like to start this interesting journey through negotiation or to fine-tune skills.  The thoughts and ideas will surely stay with me for a long time. Thank you for not just the academic lessons, but life lessons as well.
Dear Professor George Siedel                        Esq., Dear Staff of Business & Law Faculty at
Michigan University                 
Esq., First of all, I would like to thank all the
staff involved in presenting this great course in general and Professor George
Siedel in particular. I would like to admit that the lectures were not only
exciting, but also rich in important terms and information about law and life
in general. This course is different from the other great courses that I had
taken because it made me look differently to life and I learned a lot of
information about courts, companies, attorneys, ADR, agreements, contracts, and
other daily life experiences related to negotiation and enforcing the law.  Finally, I would like to thank you again for
giving me an interesting and pleasant time learning with the distinguished
teaching given by the best instructors world wide.
I was hesitant on taking online courses before, though I was surprised on how connected I felt to the teacher and materials explained through the videos. Mr Sidel is a great teacher and communicator, it was a very enjoyable experience of learling something new which definitely inspired me to take on more courses.I would recommend this course to a friend or a colleague interested in learning something new in this field or revisiting something they have already known but haven't systematized. I hold a high regard for humour and a good system for essential information, that can be very useful in real life and work. Additional praise on the excellent examples to illustrate materials which made it easier to remember.It was a great opportunity to study as face to face is always better but not always possible!THANK YOU!
I have already recommended it strongly to 3 of my close friends. I have already recommended other courses on coursera to 5-6 of my other friends.This a basic must for budding entrepreneurs as we always make stupid mistakes in the initial contracts and shy away from the 'tough talks'.Negotiation is a life skill. It a basic. This course prepares us for the world. Teaches something that is tough for our parents to teach, and impossible to be learnt from school or college, but essential at every step, nonetheless.Now, I am more confident about dealing with people and having the tough conversations.I have been cheated many times in negotiation before. While buying a second hand bike, for instance.This course reduces the chaos in the world around me.Personally, I feel safer.
The course was a combination of fun and challenging. I enjoyed the lectures and the course content. I've learnt so much and I can't wait to apply it in my everyday life. The negotiation exercise was awesome, I got a chance to put the material learnt to good use and see the areas that still need improvement. I'll definitely recommend the course and the book to my friends. Having studied in 2 top universities in South Africa (Wits University and University of Johannesburg), it was refreshing for me to study a module offered by the University of Michigan through Coursera. A big thank you University of Johannesburg for sponsoring the course for me, and a big thank you to Professor George Siedel for the excellent work. - May You Walk In Beauty!
This is an amazing course and also a huge opportunity to evaluate our negotiation skills. The teacher is very clear and the quality of the videos are also good. 

I do realize I have much to practice and a lot to learn.

It goes beyond professional negotiation. I'll apply the concepts worked in this couse through all situations I have to negotiate to get something.

By doing this course I could go back to the begging of my firsts negotiation experiences and remember that better than do well in a negotiation, is to make a big pie and enlarge the benefits to both part involved in it.

I want to thank to all the course team and my moocmates whose have been really nice and helpful.All the best wishes.Renato G Santos.
I loved this course! The material is well thorough and presented in a well organized manner. I learned practical skills that I can use immediately. The course experience also helped to broaden my perspectives on how to approach negotiations, more specifically, the effectiveness of the interest-based approach. While familiar with win/win concepts, still a position-based approach was used. I also like the decision tree tool and calculating the BATNA. This provides a value-based outlook on your options.Finally, I enjoyed the challenge of the course and exam. In order to pass the exam, you really needed to know the material and I believe that this will add value to the programs offered on coursera.org.
Professor Siedel is a great teacher, no doubt. He shares his lifelong experience and teaches a great variety of techniques that most of the students don't know. The course is a great medium to sharpen the negotiation and communication skills, which is very much needed at both the business and diplomacy. The content of this course, quality of the final quiz and obviously the excellence of professor Siedel indicate the reason behind higher ranking of the University of Michigan. After this course, I hope to pursue either masters or doctorate in future at the University of Michigan under feasible scholarship.
I really liked this course. This is a good refresher or a good introduction to deal making or solving disputes in business  life as well as personal life. I really wish it could have a 2nd part or go into more indepth cases, I wish it would use the vides to explain more real life cases, unfortunately the videos cannot be that long. I would highly recommend this course to those who want to refresh some of the lessons that you went over in Business Law class or for those who want to learn some of the basic laws governing deal making and business disputes. The teacher makes the class fun and entertaining.
I think it's a great course that allows an individual to develop his skills and practice in everyday negotiation. It has a unique approach in visualization and towards the results you want to do in a negotiation and asks you a lot of questions: Should you negotiate? What is your goal? Is it legal? Ethical?Prof. Seidel videos are easy to watch and learn and makes you feel as if you were inside one of his classes,he shares his vast knowledge and experience and lets us practice a real life negotiation between students.
I also bought his book, which summarizes and explains other aspects of the course.
Admittedly, I was worried that my attention would be significantly compromised by watching a video of another man staring back at me, and talking for hours.  This was very professionally done, and to draw from the experience of a very capable professor and businessman, with ample relevant examples... made this actually very enjoyable.  I probably owe an apology to my wife for sitting through and listening to my account of the construction arbitration case, and the differences between common and civil law, but we'll strike that one up to enrichment... So she's welcome!  Thank you, Mr. Siedel!
Thanks to Coursera and the University of Michigan for the opportunity to study this course.  In my first higher education, I’m a master of business management, so I have systematically improved my skills in this area.  Currently, I am a TV presenter and producer.  In my work, there are often disputes, conflicts, negotiations and deals.  Now I am ready for them at 100%.  Professor George Siedel is an excellent teacher and I am impressed by his presentation of the material.  Lectures enliven and dilute interesting examples. Thank you and welcome to Ukraine !!
This was the best course I have taken so far. Very informative, the right balance between theory and (lots of) practice, prof. Siedel is a real expert and a great teacher. As a psychologist with no background in law or economy, I struggled at times with course material. This however made me even more motivated to go through lectures once more and I was able to understand everything even better than after the first try. Elm Street exercise and the debrief afterwards were the best! Thank you Coursera for this course! Greetings from Zagreb, Croatia! :)
Loved the course from start to the end. The way of Professor to share the ideas meanwhile the course and way to describe the theory along with suitable examples was amazing. One more thing, I have never seen such faculty who is making you more familiar to his country as well his own town by telling you the stories and facts of the same. Professor Siedel is very fascinated to teach the course and importance of it. I really recommending this course as this is essential for everyone. Thanks Coursera and University of Michigan.
Thank you very much for this interesting course, I enjoyed it very much!

I am an Israeli lawyer, and as you may assume the role obliges having strong negotiation skills. I find this course very helpful to understand the fundamentals of any kind of negotiation and it gives practical tools to have it done successfully.

I hope you are doing well and stay safe during this challenging period.

I wish you health and great luck, and please do continue creating such wonderful academic courses.

Best regards,

Michael Lvovsky.
The way course is outlined really noteworthy. Every unit is described very clearly with practical example. To be a successful negotiator, I think this course can be path provider. Because from beginner to skillful negotiator, everything is depicted in this course. Just need patience and understanding to grab the overall course material. Above all, Mr. Siedel makes this course so attractive. His lecture is excellent. Opinion varies from person to person. All I said from my learning and understanding through this course.
Professor Siedel is the best instructor I've ever had in an online class. I really liked the very informative content of the class but mostly the teaching approach that he used from beginning to end. He helps learners understand the complex terms by giving great real life examples and his methodology in general is wonderful!!! I wish I could take another class with him as the professor. I highly recommend this class that will change your perspective in so many ways and make a big impact in your future negotiations.
The best course I've had on Coursera. It's really informative, detailed in a carefully structure, which gives clear overview of how we are about to learn and what's the key takeaway. The instructor is articulate, knowledgeable but not boring at all. Unlike a lot of courses on coursera, this course provides longer weeks to complete this subject, which allows beginners to learn more about negotiation, from basics to tactics, and I look forward to the final game on the last week. I highly recommend this course!
This course has given me the skills to deal better with the issues that I face on daily basis, especially at work. I feel more confident at work when I face a difficult situation, recently I faced a situation where i had to deal with a very important customer who had a complaint  regarding services. I dealt with this situation more professionally than before and saved an important customer.  This all happened because of ADR that I learnt in essential strategies and skills taught by Professor George Siedel .
This course was amazing. I was dubious about how well it would suit me but as I am currently involved in several legal matters I found the information in the course to remarkably pertinent! It cleared up a lot of what I was seeing in my lawyers behavior and to think more from the other side's perspective to understand their tactics. Thank you so much for providing this course. I would recommend it to anyone! We are involved with more legal matters every day than we imagine and this course is an eye opener.
I really enjoyed taking this course and feel that I learned a lot about negotiations that I will be able to apply on a daily basis both professionally and personally. I highly recommend this course to anyone that negotiates regularly especially if done for a living. Even after 20 years of sales experience I was able to take a lot from this course. It is well worth the time and effort. Purchasing the certificate at the end to put on your desk at work is an opportunity you won't want to pass up!
The contents are so relevant to the real world.  I am glad that I have the opportunity to learn these skills and collect the techniques to use for the future.  I always think that that the skillful negotiator will have to lie and being a bad person, but this course change my thought.  I used to scare of negotiation, but now I am up for it. Thank you very much for the fantastic class.  I don't know how you craft this course, but it kept my interest up till the end (which rarely happens).
Really enjoyed this class. It was a good refresher and gave me good ideas how to tweak my negotiations skills after beeing more than 20 years in business.  The class and M. Siedel were a breath of fresh air and made me understood how I approach certain topics in negotiations and be able to be even more effective in them.  One of the most important element is that it showed me how much more I need to LISTEN instead of always have something to say. My wife will certainly agree to this !
I absolutely LOVED this course. I have been in the negotiation business 
for many years and feel that I learned so much from this course and 
cannot wait to apply my new found knowledge. It was not easy by any 
means and did leave me flustered at times but only because it took me 
away from my comfort zones from time to time. This course is a MUST for 
anybody that thinks they know it all about negotiating!  I know I 
thought I did before I took it! Thank you so much Professor Siedel!
One of the best real life course, that has a lot of practical and technical knowledge which most negotiators think they have but really do not know or understand it. It puts our thought process in a scientific way to negotiate with people and to understand how the other person will think and try to trap you. There is a lot of practical examples which helps you to change your way of negotiation. I am glad I took this course and will implement these techniques, in my daily life.
Successful Negotiation: Essential Strategies and Skills is a very useful program for all person and not just for corporates. its design in a very simple but meaningful manner. Its more apt for legal professionals / sales person who are required to negotiate on different aspect on regular basis. I feel it would have been more useful, I one could attend the face to face class for better experience in the role play, but this was as good as it gets in the virtual world of today.
I had a great time studying Negotiation through the lessons made by Professor George Siedel and made available by Coursera. Honestly, the classes overcame my expectations since Week 1, and I'm grateful for all the learning they provided me. I strongly recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn about all kinds of negotiations and its strategies and legal approach, I'm sure you will find excellent theory complemented by study cases ministrated by Professor Siedel.
This course was wonderful, it was easy to follow and gives a systematic run-down of how to start prepping for a negotiation, This course is already helping me in my personal life - For example-I managed to reduce my gym membership fees by negotiating with the sports club. Thank you for that ! Professionally this has helped me impress my boss and peers by coming up with novel solutions by simply thinking using logic of BATNA and ZOPA to my advantage. Cant thank you enough.
Excellent course!  I recommend this course for everyone interested in negotiation whether you're an amateur (just like me) or a professional. The course content is clear and the lectures are easy to follow. Professor, you explained everything very neatly and clearly. It was a very valuable experience to me, and I found myself learning more than I thought I would. It's definitely worth trying!Thank you professor Siedel for your wonderful work.Best regards,Patrycja E. Stala
Phenomenal insight into many aspects of basic business negotiations and overall contract crafting. As a small business owner I have frequently found contracts with our business being negotiated using some of the very techniques covered in this course. It was refreshing to see them from a well versed perspective and better understand how I might prepare counter negotiations to ensure our companies interests are fairly represented in future contracts and negotiations.
It was a very comprehensive course on negotiation covering key strategies and skills essential for success. There were many case studies and exercises throughout the course to illustrate and deepen understanding of concepts. George shared many personal examples and experiences he came across in his working careers and as a teaching professor. I strongly recommend this course to all those who are int interested to learn more on achieving success in negotiation.
Because of this course, I am more aware of opportunities to negotiate in my every day interactions with others.  I enjoyed Professor Siedel's teaching style.  He gets you to think on a deeper level, especially when he poses questions and presents scenarios.  The course material is framed in a comprehensive manner. In hindsight, this course on negotiation has shown me how much of a poor negotiator I was.  However, I now feel more empowered by what I've learned.
I am absolutely love this course! Despite frequent use of negotiating in my job, I was always dislike to negotiate until I sit for the course and learn the theory. The course also designed so well for a busy professional like me, with less gruesome schedules and deadlines. I totally recommend this course for those who never really completed any course in Coursera successfully, and of course, to those who wants to learn more about the theory of negotiati
First of all, I would like to thank Professor George Siedel. This is a very understandable, comprehensive and affordable course for each person. This knowledge and some skills will help every person whose activity at least somehow intersects with the subject of negotiations. Even if you sell a house, a car and any other real estate or thing - this course is indispensable for you. Thanks to the University of Michigan and the professor for this course!
Dr. Siedel is a true Master! I enrolled in the course because I am in Sales and I engage in negotiations on a daily basis. the course was so engaging that my wife(nurse by occupation) ended up listening almost to the whole course with me! The course addressed a lot of questions that I run into on a daily basis such as how do I enlarge the pie? what is the other side interest? etc' and elucidated techniques  that I am using. Thank you Dr. Siedel!!!
Mr. Siedel is a great instructor and with all the real-life experiences and examples, it has been an excellent course to participate in. Even for those who are not from the relative technical background, it definitely will be an enjoyable journey. I had so much fun and learned a great deal from him. Also, I must mention that the stories used in his lectures were cherries on top of the cake!I wish to meet you some day and thank you in person!
This course is totally amazing. I would have never guessed that I knew so very little about negotiations even though my first degree was Procurement and Supply Chain Management which treats negotiations as a major subject. I believe the approaches used by Prof. Siedel is one of a kind. I felt very involved in the whole process and at the end it really didn't feel like there was any pressure at all while learning because it was also very fun.
I have thoroughly enjoyed this online course and have been able to broaden my skill set and understanding accordingly. This course has given me the tools and knowledge to plan out future negotiations and dispute management which is crucial in the field I work in.Thank you for taking the time to create such a vast and detailed course.As an international student, I also enjoyed learning more about Michigan and the core focus of the University.
It was a great learning experience for me. Now that I have completed 2 online courses, I can say that few things are important in a course. 1) Content of Course. 2) Balanced Weekly Workload 3) Instructor. This is a very good course. All 3 essentials are present in this. The content is really helpful and it has 2 bonuses- 1) The negotiation exercise 2) The final exam. I really enjoyed this course and urge everyone to join this.
A very good course, held by a very clear and understandable professor with a really good way of teaching and explaining such a complex argument. This is really helpful not only applied to business but also in everyday life.After this course i'm able to look at negotiations with a different perspective by understanding the scenario in which i'm involved.I suggest this course to all the people, it gives you a boost in your life
I am really thankful to Respected Mr. George Siedel for giving such a wonderful explanation in the entire course & I really thank you from bottom of my heart to bring things in such a simple manner which will surely benefit me in my negotiations in the future . I hope I would see you someday if time permits me to visit Michigan Unversity. I wish I would shortly enroll for some more courses. Regards Merchant +919999902442
Great course, covering a lot of theory that is also applicable in real life. Have enjoyed the teaching style of Prof. Siedel very much. Friendly, clear, complete, to the point. The practice exercise of week 6 is a great addition that makes it clear how you can use what you've learned. The only (minor) remark is that the course has obviously some principles funded on American law, which aren't perse applicable in Europe.
I really can recommend this course to everyone who wants to structure
 his negotiations.I would describe myself as an experienced business negotiator,
 but the scientific approach to issues you encounter before, in and 
after a negotiation really helped me to improve my personal results.Mr Siedel is a very good speaker, who gives very realisitc and sometimes fun examples.I am really glad that I have found this course!
I am so glad I signed up for this course. I love the topic and has made some other courses around the World, but this one has been exceptional. Highly recommend it, I like the interactive way in what  Professor Siedel has deliver every topic, he did cover all the subjects that matter not just for citizens in the US but around the Globe, and listening and watching him felt like if I was in  class listening to him.
The course was very useful and comprehensive,I learned the skills needed to manage the negotiations logically and scientifically. The professor was wonderful in putting up the materials and clarifying it >Thank you Dr.Georgr Siedel and I invite you to visit Mesopotamia one day, I'll be honored to welcome you.Best regards,Mohammed H Shukur Senior engineer and project manager at the ministry of electricity / Iraq
Really good introductory course to negotiation, clearly defines the underlying principles of negotiation and links it to basic human psychology and then gives a practical interpretation with good examples of how these two areas can be leveraged to make you a better negotiator. It kept me engaged and interested throughout and I have emerged with an additional set of skills to help me throughout my future career.
This course has greatly enhanced my ability to see, not only business deals but, everyday life deals (decisions) from the perspective of the other person; looking beyond obvious details to seeing the big picture. Life is not always a struggle, depending on perspective and with the power of negotiation. I love the lessons from House on the Elm street.I believe i can negotiate better now. Thanks to Prof. Siedel.
I was never a fan of online course but this is course is on another level. Every video was a pack of complete new surprises and skills. I never spend more than 1 hour in continous study but guess what i complete this course of 7 weeks in 14 days. This course really showed me that getting an A in business in alevels isn't everthing. And so in end all to thanks to Sir George for making such a wonderful course.
Professor George Siedel is a fantastic teacher. Although there were zero interactions with the professor, I felt appreciated. He is very inclusive in his teaching style and if I ever visit The University of Michigan, I hope I get the chance to meet him. In addition, the course has taught me many skills that I think will be of great value in various parts of my life, both professional and private. Thank you!
As an outside salesman I believed my negotiation skills to be somewhat polished. Boy was I wrong! While through experience I've begun to use a minor amount of techniques taught in the course there was a vast amount of new information for me to pour over and learn. The systematic approach to negotiation also very helpful and has provided me a mental framework from which to become a better negotiator.
Our daily life requires better decisions and we often miss out because of lack of knowledge (my people perish because of lack of knowledge), this has brought more light to my personal and career development. I encourage everyone to dive into this skills for the world needs better negotiators like you doubting the relevance. Yes, of course you need it and its boldly written Successful Negotiation.
A profound and stretching course that expects participants to challenge themselves and their assumptions, and ultimately raises their negotiation's capabilities. Immensely practical and potentially transformational. Prof Seidel teaching style is friendly, approachable and humorous (but requires some patience as he develops his arguments at a certain pace). You will enjoy and learn from it. A lot.
I have taken the course and passed the final exam. To tell the truth it was great experience to take it. I got a knowledge and skills I had not got before. Now I feel more prepared to start negotiations not only in business, but also in politics. Many thanks to professor Siedel, Michigan University staff, and Coursera for having this wonderful opportunity to participate and take this course.
Thank You Coursera, University of Michigan team and the great instructor Sir George Siedel. It was a wonderful course.This course taught me a lot of things which would help me in life. I recommend this course to everyone who wants to be a perfect negotiator.Some suggestions - the only suggestion which i would give is if there are more negotiation assessments like "The House on Elm Street" .
Really interesting, changed my point of view on negotiations, i had never taken a course like this, and it gave me a big panorama about all the tools that can be used, and how to get a better result while doing a negotiation. Even though is  a 20 hrs course (more or less) you feel prepared to identify the tools used by the counterparts in the negotiation and how to get things on your favor.
An exceptional course!!To be honest, first I thought how would anyone teach negotiation online and had doubts about the efficacy. But, as when I started the course my perspective changed and I am sure everyone will get involved in the course and the comprehensive examples given during the lectures. Overall, I recommend everyone to take part in this wonderful experience. Happy negotiation!!
This course has been very enlightening and thought provoking. There are so many things we think we did right as we made ourselves to feel we had impeccable skills but after completion of this course i realize how much i had lost in previous negotiations although i walked out of the negotiation as the smiling guy!Thanks to MOOC, University of Michigan and the especially to Professor Siedel.
For a while I was a professional salesmen in the solar industry and this course helped me greatly to close more deals. Understanding the fundamentals of negotiation are a necessary skill for any entrepreneur, businessman, or anyone who is looking to take their communication skills to the next level. I highly suggest this course for anyone who wants to make an income over six figures.
FIrst of all I want to thank professor George Siedel. The course is very well structured and all the strategies and skills are all very interesting and useful. This course has provided me with more new knowledge and has given me a real liking for the challenge and a genuine desire. It has given me a new perspective on how to focus every negotiation. It has given me self-confidence.
First, I want to say thank you for Coursera for the gold chance! You are doing a great job in the world how they make learning in our hands from worldwide!

For Mr. George Siedel Thank you so much for your teaching us you make a big difference in me. Now I can practice  negotiation, really thank you I'll always remember who teaching me this course. I'm so grateful.. God bless you
An exceptional course on negotiation skills, I am very honored to have had the opportunity to study such a key subject in becoming a great entrepreneur. The videos were extremely helpful and the reading material was to the point. The teacher was very engaging and no video felt too long. Would definitely recommend this course to anyone looking to master their negotiation skills
i highly recommend to all those who want to be entrepreneur , businessman. engineer.this course contain lots of practical examples ,it will help you to understand concepts and terms.and also the instructor is  great , he is very knowledgeable person and he speak words which are easy to follow , so if you are from foreign  (just like me) you can understand his English easily .
I absolutely love my learning experience from this course. I am usually stunned at the twists and turns on issues I thought I knew how I to handle! The materials shared were great reads and loaded with lifelong learning nuggets. I'm really grateful for the strategies and  skills of negotiation I have learned through this course. I am committing to Mastery. Highly recommended.
Basically, I'm interested in this area of learning related to negotiation. Besides, I really love this course, not that theoretical or confusing like what I had before. The examples and small tips could be useful in logical thinking and in real life. I suppose that these knowledge and skills would be applied to my study and business later. Moreover,  our professor is so nice.
coursera team really you are make my dreams come true thank you very much Mr. George Siedel it was very important and fruitful course for me i will use what i learnt in this practical course like the psychological tools  and contract information, how creating BATNA ,Calculating zopa thank very much coursera  for supporting us and i'm looking for great future with you
As I have come across this course ilearn different and various negotiation skills and strategies as negotiation is helpful in day today life as well as in professional life it is very important to understand various negotiation skills and this course is perfect for this job by doing this one can easily learn various Strategies and skills for successful negotiation
Professor George Siedel is absolutely mesmerizing. I have tried online courses earlier but lost patience while watching lecture videos. Here I got captivated in the Introduction lecture itself and has to go on for binge watch all lectures, completed the course within a week. Will try to absorb the concepts more deeply by reading his book "Negotiating for Success"
Thank you so much for this course. The development and design of the 
content makes clear to understand a fearful topic that certainly by studying it can 
lead to success for the ones involved on any kind of negotiations.I feel very lucky and grateful of having learned about negotiation matters on this course developed by University of Michigan and George Siedel.
The professor truly has knowledge about the topics reviewed in this course and inspires one to learn the content on the course. His charisma and enthusiasm gives this course an extra value for the students. He uses simple real life examples for complex topics that makes it easy for one to understand the concepts even without a previous background in these topics.
I'm an undergraduate student from Serbia and I liked this course very much. Professor is great, he gives examples all the time and perfectly summarizes every lecture. It is noticeable how much effort is put into making this course possible. I learned a lot of new things that I can use not only in my future career, but in everyday life. Thank you!Ana, 22 years old
I had an amazing experience taking this course. I am an Attorney so I thought I was already a good negotiator but this course made me realize I had a lot to learn and I did. I am so happy and looking forward to using the knowledge I have acquired in real life situations. I must also mention that the tutor was amazing. Thank you so much Professor George Siedel!!!
Professor Siedel was an excellent instructor and he has inspired me to pursue my career as well, I will definitely enroll for any future courses of his for sure. Because of the course, I finally found what I want to do once I graduate from Law school. I strongly recommended this course for everyone, especially lawyers who are interested in running a business.
This was an excellent course - really well explained and filled with lots of practical examples and opportunities to reinforce your learning. I also happen to think that the format of the exam was structured such that one couldn't simply guess their way through it which means that it ultimately encouraged a level of understanding that many other MOOCs do not.
This is possibly the best course I have ever taken up. All credit to Prof. George Siedel. It has given me a deep insight into how ethically a negotiation has to be carried out. I strongly recommend this course for Supply Chain professionals as I am one myself.Thank you professor for your valuable advise and tips. I shall cherish this knowledge forever.
Good class, good topic for all to have exposure to.  I did find the book and the videos too repetitive.  Would highly recommend you pick up another book on negotiation to read along with the video's if you, like me, need the repetition of ideas but hate to feel like you are just reliving the video.  I used Leigh Thompson "the truth about negotiation"
Professor George is really impressive. He has worked with quite big names in this field and this course is like learning from the best person available. It is a good choice of course. His teaching methods are engaging. I am very busy person but I would ask no matter how much busy you are you have to look into this course if you are doing negotiation.
This course provides a good framework and tools for successful negotiations. I think the professor did a great job in explaining the content and providing real life scenarios.I would have liked that the sildes provide more content in case you want to review it at a later time. But overall, I had a good and interesting time while doing the course.
As a sales person, this course helped me to look at the negotiation process in a more organized way. The topics are selected and presented in a very efficient way to ensure that learner will have a complete overview of negotiation. moreover, it give you enough introduction and motivation to go after learning about specific topics in more details.
Easily one of the best courses I have done so far. The professor is clearly very knowledgable and teaches you things in the right way. The examples he gives, the way he makes you think is something I did not expect to go so well. All in all had a great amount of learning and hope to be able to use it to the fullest in my real life situations.
As a MBA aspirant, this course was really really beneficial for me. I always had a keen interest in developing my negotiations skill and this course has facilitated with the most prominent and knowledgeable lessons. I would like to thank George Siedel for his extraordinary teaching skills and wisdom. I would definitely recommend this course.
I think its an interesting and so profitable course for a different range of students or professionals, and also I have to add that the English used by the Professor is very clear and understandable for people of non-official English speaking countries. I highly recommend this course for all type of students/ professionals of different ages.
I never realized that there is an art to negotiation. Often, I would feel at a disadvantage when negotiating as I did not have the experience or the confidence to say what I wanted from a negotiation. I have now learnt some techniques that will help build up my confidence during negotiation and I hope to practice those skills even more!
An excellent course, with plenty of practical examples!  Another good aspect is that it touched on the legal aspects of negotiation and contracts, which is important since so many types of negotiation have a formal and legal element.  There's even an opportunity to practice a realistic negotiation with other students via video calling.
After successful completion of Successful Negotiation: Essential strategies & Skills course, I can vividly testify of the essentiality of this course to every individual. Mr. George Siedel was able to teach every fundamental aspects, used a negotiation assessment to recapitulate everything he has taught, leaving every stone unturned.
This course was amazing! I enjoyed a great deal the class pace, content, examples, illustrations, and readings. It is my first on-line class in Coursera and I am really happy I started with this class because now I am totally addicted. I want to thank George Siedel and the staff that helped him create this on-line content. Well done!
This is one the best courses I have ever taken. George Siedel is a fantastic teacher who keeps you engaged throughout the course.  The way he summed up the entire course in the last module is simply genius. This helped me recollect and pass the exams with ease. Would highly recommend to anyone looking to do a course on negotiations.
Recommend to anyone who has just 20 extra minutes in their day. It is an extremely useful tool no matter what area you work or specialize in. The course is easy and well presented. I am studying Business Administration with a BA degree and I find that this class can be even more helpful than some of the ones taught at my University.
This course has gone way beyond my expectations! A very interesting and helpfull course for all professionals and university student! Professor Siedel makes it very easy to follow and provides practical solutions to negotiations tactics and strategies! Highly recommend this is by far the best thing i did during COVID-19! Thank you
El curso es excelente, de hecho me gustaría seguir profundizando en el tema. Felicidades a la Universidad de Michigan y al Maestro Siedel por compartir tanto conocimiento. Congrats to Michigan University and Mr. Siedel for sharing this important knowledge. I'm very happy for taking this course, and hope to take more in the future.
Great Job ,Prof Siedel, I was reminded that to be a great negotiator , honesty ,integrity and ethics must come naturally. Just after completion ,i won my first interest based negotiation with my 3 yr old infant grand daughter with her tantrum replaced with a smile........ Eustace Abraham  [Close Protection Agent -Toronto Canada]
Hello SIrThanks for being here helping most of us that can not travel over there to follow this importantand powerful course. Thanks to platforme Coursera owner who give me this opportunity.It is one of most difficult course I never foolow, this is why I am so proud to have successful finish itNow I am moving toward to practice.
I am excited about completing this
course, it has changed my perspective of negotiation and their processes and also about the online
courses. While taking the course, I had the opportunity to talk to people from
other countries and do practical exercises with them. that was good to maintain
de motivation at the top. thanks
Great course! Everything is perfectly structured, and thanks to George, it's easy enough to assimilate. We use some tools described in the course in negotiations without thinking about the theoretical foundations. The course provides an understanding of these fundamentals and useful tools for negotiating. Thank you, George!
I have learned a lot from this course. Thanks to Professor George Siedel and University of Michigan to give me an opportunity to complete this course. I'm feeling proud to become a part of this reputed university and I hope one day I will be a student of masters program in University of Michigan and fulfill my desire.
This is one of the best course offered by this University and Sessions and entire course was quite  enlightening  & enriching experience by me. I fully recommend this course to whosoever wants to upgrade skills particularly on Negotiation. Instructor, Mr. George Siedel was very clear in explaining different concepts.
This is one of the best courses I have come cross, it lightened me up to the realities of what I think I know. It also revealed the essence of writing down something as an agreement in a any form business negotiation.I am not just happy , I am delighted by the kind and humor at which Dr.George Seigel teaches. Kudos.
This is course which in every day to day life but when we are negotiating for our company its becomes important to do in ethical and systematic ways.  This course has really help in understand BATNA, ADR and many more . It's very informative and Collection of all points for developing a skill. Thanks George Siedel
I learned a lot about negotiation from this class. What I learned would be useful not only in my career but also in my personal life. I'm really glad that I took this course over other choices. I thank Professor Siedel for the wonderful lecture, and I do also like to thank Samsung for giving me this opportunity to
The course is really good. I have learnt how to negotiate in various instances.  All the lectures and speaking style is really superb.  Thanks to Coursera for providing opportunities to attend the eminent professor's lectures through this online platform.  Thanks to Prof. George Siedel for his excellent lectures.
Lots of useful information! I loved the examples on Framing and how the use of negative/positive statements makes us become risk adverse or risk seeking. I had never thought of this! The videos were very clear and informative. I will definitely implement my learnings in my negotiations going forward. Great class!
i like every part of this course and mostly how the professor Siedel make it clear for all of us that study from country that no speak english. just the chapter about contract I think isn't oriented for all the country but it is necessary to understand an important part of make a negotiation and a valid contract
This is one of the best courses available on coursera. It provides valuable insight to the world of negotiation and how can you use these skills and techniques to become a great negotiator. It also helps us to know about the law system and how it functions and the legal and ethical requirements of negotiation.
This is an excellent course to learn principles, skills and strategies to apply in everyday negotiation opportunities that will enhance your experience and the results that you get. I strongly recommend this course because of the content, the way it is presented and the experience and skills of the instructor.
This is indeed; an exceptional course that can only bring more value to our skills and on-going life and professional experience.This course deserve a flawless 5 Star rating!!!I really hope that Professor George Siedel will provide and share new materials in the near future.Thank you Professor George Siedel!
Little did I know that I knew absolutely nothing about the negotiation processes before. Not only was I able to look back and evaluate some of my life situations and their outcomes, now I feel prepared and confident to enter negotiations!   Thank you  Professor Siedel from the bottom of my heart! irina Hott
This is a terrific course and I would strongly recommend it to anyone who feels he is not a very good negotiator. In particular, I believe that people in the technology fields would most benefit from this course as they are typically weaker in the soft skills departments than other people in other fields.
A very very good, excellent professor!!! He laid out all the theory in a very clear way. And I loved the tests and the negotiation assignment, which he debriefed fully while relating all aspects to what we learned and explained it all. Very useful course if you want to improve your skills in negotiation.
This was an excellent course, I learned things that I wish I'd know 20 years ago. I struggled a bit with the final exam and would have liked the option for an answer key to help with a few of the problems that I had trouble with.  That said, the student forums were very helpful in resolving my questions.
As a administration professional, this course improved my career in global sphere of negotiation. Teaching keys, tactics and many others ways to achieve what the best alternative to conduct situations.
I have no doubt about this awesome learning method.
Thank you Coursera!
Thank you Mr. George Siedel!
Very much enjoyed the class, well organized, presented the material very well and concepts were easy to understand and even to apply.  What was very enjoyable was the negotiation scenario where you were able to use what you learned and get feedback how well you were able to apply the lessons learned.
I was fortunate enough to learn  negotiation skills from Professor George Siedel , as his explanation for these topics is in so simple and practical way , you are not lost in details but reach your end goal with ease. I would also thank Coursera & University Of Michigan  for designing such course.
Very practical and useful on the real case. You can take a retrospective view of previous negotiation and finding the weakness and the blind point. Also you will have new perspectives on different negotiation. It is very enlightened course on my future negotiations. Thanks Professor George Siedel.
Very happy I took this course. George is very engaging and clearly passionate. Theory is matched with practical application. Information covers a wide variety of topics involved in negotiation without being too complex for the average person to understand or relate to. Highly, highly recommended!
It is incredible how Proffesor Siedel manage to turn a MOOC into a really dynamic and practical course. Every topic is explained with daily life examples which makes easier to understand the concepts. Now I feel more prepared to perform negotiations and eager to continue developing my weak spots!
First time completing a MOOC, and perhaps the best education from a MOOC I can get. Professor Siedel surely made the course easy to understand and intercept it with stories that make it interesting. I felt I have expanded in person after taking this course. Thank you UoM/Coursera and Dr. Siedel!
Learning a lot, Since I am very passionate about the field of supply chain management/procurement and supply, it was one of the reasons that I chose to do this course. It compliments my current field of study and gives a wealth of knowledge that I can apply to my day to day functions at work.
Really impressive! I've benefitted a lot from just taking the course because it's a realm that I've never encountered before, yet I haven't done some spcific real-life pratice.I bet this mind-changlleging course will continue to boarden my horizen and equip me with a big negotiation picture.
I have learnt a lot from this course. I thought negotiation should be a natural thing for you to know if you are in business or deal with people but now I have come to know that it is more than 'dragging' who will win/lose. But now I know better. Thank you very much for the knowledge gained.
course content was extremely good but week 7 exam was not up to the mark. I attempted the exam twice to came to know that "two of the above" means first and 2nd option not 3rd and last option. Also, some of the questions were very confused hard to understand. Test needs very much betterment
Brilliant course. The practice exercise in the end truly was an eye opener, and made me re think my approach to any negotiation. Furthermore, throughout the course, George kept sharing intriguing examples that even standalone are such valuable lessons. Thoroughly satisfied with the course!
Professor Siedel makes great work of shattering lots of common logical fallacies that we use daily when we enter negotiations or avoid them. Negotiations is a universally applicable tool for a successful career and life in general. Don't hesitate to enroll, this was a pleasant ride for me.
Successful Negotiation: Essential Strategies and Skills is an excellent course that provides useful information on the most important principles of negotiation. The course is well-paced, and well taught by Prof. Seidel. His delivery is understandable yet thorough. Great course all around!
Very good and engaging approach to negotiation, delivered by an outstanding professor. The course covered a broad number of topics, using great examples and an excellent unique final negotiation activity. Highly recommended to everyone who wishes to strengthen their negotiation skills.
Cool course! It's simple and easy to understand. It is highly recommended not only to professionals, lawyers, agents and businessmen but also to other average persons. A round of applause for George Siedel, "Negotiation Team" and Coursera! I hope many people will enroll on this course.
One of the best courses I've ever done. The material is very interesting, well prepared and easy to follow. I've never realised how much I wanted to learn about negotiating until I've started to dig deeper into this course. For me that's the hallmark of a superb learning experience.
Like many, for a well-known reason, I decided to try courses online. This was the first experience at Coursera.Very interesting and useful course for everyone who wants to improve their negotiation skills and learn new about negotiation strategiesThanks for this great opportunity
In my job (and real life) i negotiate almost every day, this course gave me important tips and tools in order to manage future negotiation.Dr. Seidel is a great teacher, i really admire his way of explaining and i hope i have an opportunity to follow some others lessons by him.
The class provided tools and resources for negotiations I have not been exposed to before.  It helped me understand the techniques available to become more successful in the negotiation process.  Dr. Siedel is excellent at delivering the content in an easy to understand method.
I am highly grateful that I have accomplished my second course which gave huge enjoyment and valuable knowledge. In this course I have completely gained a lot of information and tools in order to improve my negotiation skills for my personal and professional lives. Thank you !
Thanks a lot to all people who worked on this course!I should say that this was my first experience, the first time I took part in an online courses. I was pretty happy!Thank you very much for your knowledge and useful negotiation tactics, they will definitely be useful to me!
Very helpful course. Easy to follow even for people with scientific background and no previous knowledge in business and law. Prof. Siedel is a great lecturer, keeping the interest level always high with samples and problem-solving exercises. I have learned a lot! Thank you!
Very interesting and usefull course. It has many surprising examples. I'm very happy that I watched this cours. I hope I can apply this knowledg. I even fell out of reality a little, I got over the routine at work when I watched the cours. Very interesting. Good luck to you.
I would definitely recommend this course, hence it is easy to follow, but still can give a nice framework how to prepare for a negotiation. You also have the chance to realize some of your weaknesses and strong skills with regards to a negotiation. All in all, worth to try !
George Siedel, You are one of the best teacher of my life. I enjoyed your teaching. I can say I learn many things from you and what I learn from you today, will stay with me forever because of your examples, related stories and wit. Thank you, Sir. Stay safe and play for me.
Negotiation is never ending process, as we live on earth. First i thought it will be very difficult to learn negotiation skill and tactics , but the way sir George teach, i really salute to my teacher. His unique and wide experience will help me a lot in future. Thanks sir.
I enjoyed this course very much and have learn a lot, although I am not sure how much of what I have learned from this course will be put in use in my life. Professor Siedel is a great teacher on this subject. I will definitely recommend this course to someone who need it.
I learnt a lot with this course that provides methods and lots of exemple on how negotiation is being prepared, done and evaluated ! Greta teacher and pace of the course  to study with 2-3hours per week which makes it compatible with on-goign full time workload. Tks !
Good course.  I feel I got a lot out of it to fine-tune some of my tactics.  One thing that I would find useful - there are many terms introduced throughout the course.  It would help if there was a reference link to jargon where I could look up the meaning of terms.
The instructor delivers 'common sense' but vital and often overlooked insights on the aspect of negotiation. Before I finished 'week three' of the module I could see for myself that my negotiation skills have greatly improved. This is way beyond a theoretical course.
A very practical course with many real life examples and case studies. Never boring and excellent presentation by the very experienced Prof. George Siedel. Thank you University of Michigan and Professor for giving me this opportunity to learn a very valuable course.
Great contents, fantastic teacher. I advise you to buy the book, I really enjoyed reading it. This is my first course on Coursera platform, I prefer EdX but that's an opinion. I would like an additional course taught by the same teacher, with more advanced contents.
Wonderful course. If you are understanding negotiations, this course is the place to be. George Siedel gives a very patient and clear explanation on the terminologies and concepts. Very useful indeed. You will have fun and it will never be boring. Thanks Courseera.
I am glad that I participated in this course. Everything was clear, lectures were interesting, a lot of tips and cases to ilustrate theory and practical exercise. The final test was difficult, but if something comets too ease, we do not appreciate it. Recommended!
That was my first online course and it's perfect. There were some issues probably because I'm Russian and this course in English and I intentionally didn't use Russian subtitles but that was my choice. Very pleasant lector. Thanks for this time, that was awesome!
Great materials, well delivered, and overall construct of the class was wonderful. Easy to review 1 weeks lessons to comprehension before moving to the next. At times the videos may seem dry, but the content is 10/10, and often is the case with the best theories.
Exceptional. This course made me realize that with sufficient knowledge and tools, one can make a usually stressful event such as negotiations and disputes be less stressful and even value adding to both parties. Thank you to everyone who arranged this course. .
Excellent Course on the essentials of Negotiation. George did a great work on educating us on some of the underlying concepts of Negotiation. My knowledge in this subject has gone from zero to one!! Very satisfied with the course overall and highly recommended!!
Easy to understand and practical examples for students ..Pace of the course was well balanced giving you the opportunity to learn at your own convenience ..overall something that one should go in for if he / she is part of the management or want to be ..Cheers
Many useful insights provided in this Negotiation course with Professor George Siedel, who keeps a very clear communication throughout the whole course. For someone with little to no knowledge in strategies for negotiating, this comes across as very valuable.
Very important practical course for people from all walks of life. After all we all negotiate on a regular basis. I greatly enjoyed this course.  Dr. Siedel's delivery of the material is very clear and engaging. Thank you Dr. Siedel for preparing this course.
Thank you very much for this course. It offered insightful details into how negotiations should be structured as well as the many different types of negotiations. I learned a lot of very useful information that better equips me for negotiations in the future.
I have so far, loved the examples given in this course ! The teacher gets you to be very interactive by asking you to answer some questions in the videos. The subject is interesting, and the way the courses are is a good way to make you quick learn about it.
Being a Sales manager for more than a decade, I came across multiple strategies and methods that I was unaware of in negotiations. I am sure this is going to help me in the future for my career in handling my corporate clients & key accounts. Thanks again!
I would like to thank Coursera and the University of Michigan for this amazing resource. The course is a great opportunity to acquire essential knowledge to better prepare and perform in negotiation situations, and to be more efficient on daily situations.
I really enjoyed the online course. I thought it was well planned and layed out, easy for me to follow. The work load(h.w. & test)was just enough, so i could finish everything with enough time, learn about the topics and not feel over loaded and rushed.
Most valuable and informative course which enhance our skill and knowledge in  sucessful negotiation and strategies and skill which will upgrade our level in working sectors in designing principles and  implementing the  ideas gained through this course
I enjoy this course, I recommended to anyone who wishes to improve or learn the art of selling! I would change the peer grading because you have to wait until someone grade your work. It would be better if the work is graded by the mentor in my opinion.
Great course to get insight and knowledge in Negotiation skills and strategy, Very much appreciated the case and examples quoted in the course. They are Very practical.  More important is enriched my mindset in always thinking bigger pie in real world.
The course was interesting and instructive. I had to learn and I hope to apply. I don't think this course should be improved, because the information is applicable, it is a useful course and the trainer's training is excellent. I recommend this course.
Very interesting course and useful! Thanks to this course I've realized all the mistakes I was making when entering a negotiation.The professor is amazing! I found the explanation by example very useful.Easy to understand even for non-native speakers.
The lectures are fairly good. However the course could have been made more valuable by either providing the slides used in each module or  excerpts from the recommended book could have been provided instead of just an Amazon link to purchase the book.
Great information on how to improve negotiation skills, as well as some valuable strategies. Presented in a professional and light-hearted manner. The recommended book isn't necessary, as the material is gone over in the lectures, but is still handy.
It's a pretty nice course wherein one gets to learn a lot. I was only disappointed at one point during week 6 when I was expected to participate in a real negotiation but wasn't able to find a partner on the forum. But in general it's a good course.
The course is really amazing and there are lots of new theory and assignments which is also an excellent way of teaching the students during this era. And I'm really thankful to Professor George who taught me and all other students for this course.
Excellent video lectures and well prepared textbook together provide a rich context to understand the best practices of Negotiation, Alternative Dispute Resolution and Deal Making strategies that apply in many aspects of business and personal life.
Great topic, great tools to and advises. I love the examples and the videos. The instructor clearly stated the topic, the outline, the goals, the results. The book was a great investment. Helped me to easily find the information I was looking for.
The course gave to me very useful and important knowledges about a negotiation process. Mr. Siedel is a perfect teacher! There was a lot of different examples, real stories from his experience etc. Thank you so much. With best wishes from Ukraine!
This course is very useful not only in commercial negotiation but also in daily affairs, such as dealing with office disputes through mediation or arbitration. I think those methods and concepts are quite pragmatic and really enlightened me a lot.
I found this course to be absolutely fantastic and very relevant to real-world applications. The learnings in this course are applicable to interactions in almost any industry and between employees in any position. I highly recommend this course!
Dear Team,The course provided by University of Michigan was the equally important as my core subjects. It was a great experience be the one of the student of this course. Good work by the mentor. Thank you for providing me such great opportunity.
Effective, simple and very useful practically. Mr. Seidel is very pleasant listening to and felt listening to him more and more. The realistic examples given by him are interesting and very effective in remembering these concepts for a long time.
This course helped me to learn about Negotiation analysis,BATNA and how to use psychological tools  and avoid traps during any negotiation as well as ADR concepts and ADR tools which is helpful for any type of organisation or in day to day life.
Simple but not easy. This is well presented course with very practical content. I was able to put it to work straight away. I now approach negotiations with much more structure (and confidence). Looking forward to making the larger for everyone!
Very nice course, that can be used in everyday life at simpler negotiations, or also during more important negotiations. Learns you to plan your negotiation and think about the other side point of view. I would definitely recommend this course.
I love it! Learned a lot from this course - there are many terms that was good to finally put words on.  I specially liked the small stories about negotiation situations. The negotiation with the House on Elm Street was really great. Thank you!
I never felt comfortable in doing negotations. COVID19 and its restrictions made me challenge myself. Now I understand the power and even more the possibilties of negotations. The professor was very knowledgable and did a great job. Thank you.
A very useful course taught by a knowledgeable and experienced professor. All the necessary skills to conduct and conclude a successful negotiation are well taught including the opportunity to practice your negotiation skills in an assignment.
One of the best courses I have taken on coursera. If you really want to improve your negotiation skills, I would highly recommend this course. The professor is amazing, he knows what he is teaching and seems very passionate about the subject
Really interesting, I will keep to check again this course, unfortunately negotiation is not part of my job so far, but I can always use with my boss if I need something! Thank you very much. Hope there is another course by Professor Siedel.
Excellent course. It was presented with such clarity by Professor Siedel. His extensive knowledge on the subject matter just jumps out at you. I am happy I did it. Will keep many of the checklists discussed in my pocket for future reference.
What a fantastic way to be introduced to the subject of strategies for successful negotiation. I appreciated the style of instruction along with the easy to length of this course. I look forward to expanding my understanding of the subject.
As a Federal Government executive who deals with administrative and civil cases and also an attorney, I found this class extremely helpful. I hope UM offers more related classes from both their prestigious business schools and law schools.
Thanks a lot for the inputs regarding negotiation. As a emergency manager coordinator I have to deal with a multidisciplinary scope of institutions and sometimes some negotiation skills are a major asset.Miguel Mendonça, (Azores, Portugal)
Very good course. learned many good tricks and tactics also very informative. I love how the professor breaks everything down and the fact that you can go back and review everything even before going to a job interview or buying anything.
I was expecting a course teaching some techiniques to persuade people, but instead I got a complete structured overview on the negotiation process.I was successfully applying this knowledge in my job even before finishing it.Awesome MOOC!
Negotiation is not about  persuade, it is more about to know other part and ask why, to know the real reason why the counterpart want that position, so you may have a solution to satify both side.Also the alternativ option is important.
Great stuff, loved the lessons and techniques that I can apply to my day to day.The Lecturer is great, lovely tone and 100% understandable, even for a non antive speaker (fluent, but non native).Got me interested on joning other courses
the course is very good for any one works in field of negotiation to solve the problem occurs  during the writing contract or implement the items mentioned in contract .really it was very effective time during study the course thank you
It took me little longer to complete due to hectic work schedule. But, this is really helpful with great and interest case studies as explained by Professor George.  I will recommend to go for this to learn best negotiation strategies.
Very useful course in order not only to improve your negotiations in business firms , but also good for your daily communications and deals.will let you decide correct choice's and prevent traps and failure's during your negotiations.
I went into this course with, what I felt was some level of negotiating skills.  But the lessons learned in this course really opened my eyes.  Wow!  I, seriously, feel much more confident going into any negotiation now.  Thank you!
Excellent content. I felt elevated in this area and can enter any negotiation with confidence. I loved the Professor, he kept it interesting an I always had to keep my paper an pen close to answer his quick questions. EXCELLENT!!!!!
Thank you Professor Siedel, it was really a very interesting course. This course helped me look at situations specially deal making in a better light. I can now crack better deals with clients and can also hope to get a better job!
It was an amazing experience all through the course. Specially the way our instructor Mr.Gorge Seidel interacted in this online course was wonderful.I am Thankful To University Of Michigan for providing such a golden opportunity .
I was really delighted to have attended this course. I found the content extremely insightful and when presented by Mr. Siedel, highly experienced, meticulous and truly charismatic professor it is definitely one top-level course.
One of the most useful courses I've ever had...It helped me in empowering my abilities and hone my skills. Also, highlighted many points which I didn't notice before..Thanks from the heart for this incredible course :)Tarek Tawil
The best. It gave a better understanding and scope of knowledge that is essential in having a successful negotiation especially that I needed this in preparation for making business deals and sorts.  So satisfying and enriching!
A very useful and practical course. Every topic covered has a significant use in daily life. This course is also a perspective builder for me. I'm surely gonna use the techniques I've learnt through this course in my daily life.
Awesome course, although I work with negotiations on my day to day this bring me to a different approach, an external view besides my corporate training - the use of the assessment was great as there is always room to improve!.
Great course... Mr Siebel, I think, is one of the best teacher that I ever have had, his experience in Negotiation issues give different points of view that probably it will facilitate negotiations in common day or in business.
I have been involved in negotiations in my job role quite frequently. I am feeling enlightened and empowered in the process of negotiation now. Looking forward to future negotiation opportunities with much more confidence now.
This course helps us understand where and how can we further improve our negotiation skills by structuring the approach and covering all essential checkpoints which are critical to a successful negotiation.. highly recommended
The course is very practical because you have negotiations in your whole life, negotiate in family, at work, etc. The course outline is very clear and i even find a study partner in Turkey. It is really a pleased experience.
Great learning experience. Topic is very relevant to our modern daily life. Definitely help me to improve my career and build a better relationship. Mr. Siedel's teaching is clear and precise, easy to understand. Thank you!
It's a great MOOC course and instructor's led very well throughout the  course . Thanks to George siedel sir, his explaining technique and examples clears concept very well.A must have transferable skill it is- Negotiation.
Excellent Course !! George sir has covered the concepts in detail & with relevant examplesGood number of exercises & cases covered throughout the videosNarration & training delivery method is awesome Thank you once again !
I really liked this course and the lector. Everything is clear, very interesting and very useful. Even if you aren't a businessman, this course will teach you how to communicate with different people on variety of matters.
Excellent course! I enjoyed every lesson taught and surely learned a lot with it! I strongly recommend it for every one interested in learning more about making businesses and starting up negotiations. A MUST WATCH COURSE!
Great course. Professor Siedel makes everything very clear, amazing teacher and communicator. I feel my knowledge in and ability to be successful during a negotiation has (at least) doubled! Would definitely recommend it.
The material covered was very useful and the organization of the course was exceptional. The videos tend to move slow at time but I really enjoyed this course and fully intend to put these practices into action very soon.
Loved this experience. I would recommend everyone to join the course or at least buy the book prof. George Siedel wrote on successful negotiation. He is an excellent teacher and you would learn a lot through this course.
It was a delightful experience studying this course and learned many valuable concepts and tools regarding negotiation.  A big thanks to Professor George Siedel for making this course both interesting and knowledgeable.
This course teaches a skill that is crucial to working relationships, and is presented in an interesting and engaging manner. Everyone should have knowledge of this skill, and this course is an excellent way to get it!
Very good course.It was focused mostly on US-based low, so not everything applies to business in my country.I would be more than happy if I find training/hints section extended in the future.Anyway, I really enjoyed it
This was a very interesting course. It definitely helped me improve my negotiation skills, and it absolutely taught me a huge amount of material that I didn't know about. Great classes, very straightforward and clear.
Participating in this course was a remarkable experience. Mr Shield is a great professor who structured the course in the most effective way possible. I feel 100% a better negotiator after completing this course.
Changed my life.  Literally.  I have saved so much money on things I would have paid full price for, without using tricks or manipulations; rather, strategies like anchoring, among many others.  Highly recommend!
What a mild mannered Professor, whose easy to follow. He gave ample examples to reinforce the concepts. Good course, but like with anything else, if you put in the work you’ll retain more and get better results!
Extremely useful course giving scientific framework to a discipline that was much assumed as "born-with" rather than to be mastered. As marketing professional, I found the course very on point for my daily work.
This really was an excellent course, and I'm quite happy to have invested the time and effort in it. Not a lot of courses out there that's been given for free that has this much quality and depth. It's organized and paced really well. I even feel more engaged with this professor, across a screen, than I have in some other face to face classes.  It's quite unfortunate that I've come across it during the time of this pandemic when funds are short to pay for the certification, but under (former) normal circumstances, this is definitely worth it.Looking forward to browsing and hopefully come across other ones in the future that I will feel the same way about. Kudos professor Siedel and the team. Thank you for the opportunity to learn and grow.
I took this course out of sheer curiosity and love for negotiation. I hail from a Psychology background and for the first time in my life, I heard about these business and law principles integrated with psychology. This was one of the absolutely best courses I have taken so far, it was challenging but in the right way- it helped me grow and gave me exposure to so many formal proceedings and challenges involved in devising and implementing a negotiation strategy and skillset. I loved the exam and the quizzes, the best part was that the questions were challenging- at least for someone like me- but they allowed me to expand my horizons and polish my skillset.
This was my first course on negotiation strategies.It is a very good course for beginners.The theoretical aspect might seem boring at times  but they are helpful in doing the negotiation exercise.I recommend watching it with breaks and making notes so that you have a to do list to review before a negotiation.The professor tells his anecdotes about his negotiation experiences which are fascinating and relevant ! A must try course :) I would also like to thank coursera for providing me financial aide for the course.I am really grateful.
Siedel is obviously knowledgable and highly respected and has a pleasant, engaging lecturing style. At first, I was apprehensive about the House on Elm Street exercise. However, I ended up learning about home sales and putting some of the skills I had learned in class to use, both of which were great. I also enjoyed working with my partner and getting to know some of the other students, all of whom live in places more or less different from the United States. Definitely a value, considering that the course itself is completely free!
Professor Siedel makes even the most complicated legal jargon simple to understand, to the extent that as a high-school student, I didn't need to Google individual terms to find out their meanings even once!I highly appreciate the way he has structured this course, as I entered it feeling that negotiation may be out of my league (academically, I have a background primarily in physics, chemistry and math) but as I finish it today, I am confident that armed with a few more practical negotiation sessions, I'll be able to hold my own!
Negotiation skills are very important for personal and professional life. Our guru , Our Professor George Siedel Sir has brought life to this course through real life examples, case studies, and even I came to know of how a negotiation, mediation takes place in reality. I am always excited to hear Siedel Sir's voice, his explanation , humour, important lessons for life. I loved the Golden rule: "Treat others the way you want to be treated". Sir I would personally like to greet you, thank you for sharing knowledge. .
This is an amazing course. I got to learn so much be it practical or theoretical knowledge. Successful Negotiation : Essential Strategies and Skills is surely going to hep me at professional as well as personal front. The intake that I got from this course would always help me to stay one step ahead than others. Prof. George Siedel made everything sound so easy and understandable that no difficulty was face through out the course. I would really like to recommend this course to many out there.
I really liked the professor and the materials of the class. He has a great personality and he breaks everything down in a way anyone can understand it. This review comes from the perspective of a person who has never formally taken a class in negotiation. The examples and videos were also extremely interesting and fun too. I took this class alone during COVID 19, so I didn't have a partner to do some of the exercises.   However, I still have a lot of fun taking the class.
This is a very well constructed on line program. It gives you a clear view about negotiations and provides you with key tactics and valuable information which you can use any time. Professor Siedel is awsome, very immediate and excellent in his explanations and examples. Never thought that negotiations should be so easy to follow and to understand. Great many thank to the University of Michigan and Professor Siedel for this excellent course.
This Course was an interesting introduction to negotiation techniques. Especially the psychological traps and the various practical examples were remarkable. The course also gave an introduction to important laws, concerning contracts and negotiation, which was interesting from an non US/common law standpoint.The professor could explain the material really well and the lectures were enjoyable and easy to follow. Thanks for this course!
This course teaches strategies not only for negotiating but for life and the way we make decisions. It is very helpful, you will learn a lot even if you are not experienced or have very little understanding about negotiation; and the professor gives lots of examples for better understanding, keeps interesting every lesson and the way he speaks makes you stay focused. i would definitely take another course with him.
I'm an artist and the content covered is very much outside of my wheelhouse, how I process the world. It was a mind-bender; a welcome challenge. If you'd like to learn the basic skills/and an extensive, in-depth overview to attain a solid understanding of how negotiations work, I highly recommend Professor Siedel's course. Especially appreciated: his way of methodically “building a case” for the art of negotiation.
To put hair dye, hair color, all to promote to grow that way from growth. To always have hair growth from root and stop fault longest hair in here to not see their thing and to bring down soon after this. To always sweet on undo fault to think too comfortable that’s why theirs have been affected and some. To be laureates, all to do, to be on their home, anything they do, they don’t listen.
This course is well designed and structured for strategic negotiation. It has provided me what I was looking for. Clearly understandable relevant examples and real-time cases addressed by Professor George helped me to learn progressively. I also believe that using these tools and techniques (taught here) will help anyone who wishes to get benefitted both in personal and professional life.
Professor George Siedel teaches amazingly! The way the concepts have been explained gives you a crystal clear idea of the situations as well as makes you apply them to similar other situations. For a person from the health sciences background, this course was a smooth run without having to know any previous business negotiations skills. Looking forward to learning more!
mr. george seidel sir is one of the best faculty that this EARTH had ever seen. thank you sir for making my concepts better on negotiations than before. anyone who is reading this review i would say that 100% it will help you in your career and 200% in your life.george sir please take me with you into your university with you lol, i will try my best to get there
The course is of high quality and useful for life. This course is not only for business but highly effective in the day to day life as we keeps on engaging in the negotiation throughout our life. I am extremely grateful to the instructor George Siedel, University of Michigan and the coursera for such a wonderful learning opportunity.
If you want to learn about negotiation, this course is what you're looking for. Whether you're very new to negotiation or even experts, I think there are a lot of things that you can learn through this course. There's a lot of study cases which I find truly helpful. Lastly, the practice round... it truly is something you need hahaha
Completing  the on-line course on Successful Negotiation : Essential Strategies and skills was a great virtual learning experience. I learned a lot. It developed my skill on becoming a successful negotiator. Almost all of the strategies were applicable to our respective location. Thank you so much for the opportunity.
A very insightful course. The course gives  you opportunity to take note and discover soft skills which we generally may gloss over but very essential in the success of a negotiation. If nothing at all I have learned always to ask as many  questions as I can for Information is key to strengthening my BATNA.
This has been a really good learning experience.  I am so grateful to the University of Michigan and Mr. George Siedel for coming together and bringing this helpful and amazing course to everyone out there. I'm really looking forward to meeting Mr. Siedel and visiting The University of Michigan someday.
As a claims specialist in a reinsurance company, I deal with negotiation and dispute resolution in my day-to-day work. This course was a great opportunity to acquire new skills and learn more strategies for negotiation that I can apply not only in my work but in real-life situations. Very recommended!
This course is a must to go for . The instructor is amazing and the course layout and pace is extremely good . The content of the course is really very informative . The course is very calming and feels addictive once started.Special Thanks to the instructor George Siedel for his brilliant teaching .
Excellent course for anyone begginer or expert negotiator. Professor Siedel is a master professor wich transmits information with tranquility and unprecedent talent. Thank you for your attention Dr. Siedel and may you too walk in beauty and  and may your eyes ever behold the red and purple sunset...
One of the best MOOC  I've experienced.Narration has been wonderful and straight from the heart.Examples so relevant and memorable so as to make an everlasting impression.It is undoubtedly on of the best ever MOOC ever commissioned by Coursera. Thanks Dr Siedel , thanks Michigan.J SinghBangalore
Just a few hours into in and learned a busload of information of what would conventionally take several weeks. I can also see the passion of Professor Siedel, that he is really dedicated to teach others instead of making material profit. People like him are essential for educational progress!
Extraordinary and clear content deliver by profesor George, a great experience and incredible useful in all areas of life, not just busyness. Thanks for the time and knowledge in express in creating this class, hopefully a deeper version will become available.  Greetings, Jorge von Marées R.
Started the course with a doubt in mind whether this course will be useful and ended the session with lots of skills which had changed my perspective towards negotiations. Great Course would recommend it to everyone as  one of the most essential skills which everyone should learn.
I learned quite a few new concepts and techniques from this course.  I'm a sales manager and tend to negotiate with distributors (goal buy-in, margins) and accounts (pricing, pricing, pricing and value-added).  I look forward to utilizing what I learned in this seminar.
Excellent Course!  Very thankful to the Professor for his calm and seamless narrative style which made almost like a class room training, the quizzes, examples and content has it all - a very useful course for anyone irrespective of personal / professional.  Thank you!
I discovered this course when I needed it most. As the business development manager for my organization.My negotiating skills have been reorientated and sharpened and I can now secure more sales for my organization.Thanks to my lecturer and the University of Michigan.
This course gives you great insight and advantage into building excellent negotiation skills and tactics that can be used for closing up great and tough business deals or contracts and yet retain/maintain your business relationships and personal integrity or prowess.
The perfect course ever.One of the best teachings by any person I have ever experienced.Mr.George Siedel never makes anything look boring at all and has that ability to grasp attention towards him almost all the time.I have literally become a fan of his teachings.
A great thank you to Professor Siedel for the wonderful course on negotiation! Your course is very systematic and inspiring, and it gives me a very precise method on preparing for negotiations in the future! Hope there would be more quality content from you!
I think this course is getting a brilliant perspective to the learner and the professor George Siedel mentions allot of helpful and real life examples in this course. So I strongly suggest you to take part in this course if you want to be a business person.
Being a Non native to the US , I really loked the course and the explanations,examples given by prof.SeidelThe concepts are a bit wary for engineering students like myself but yet important and they were made fun in this course and its excercises.Thank you
I have not yet finished the course, as I am about to embark on the last homework exercise. However, up until now, the course has been extremely clear and well structured. The lesson material has been amazingly well structured.I recommend this to all.
Not only the lecturer is a legend in the field, but also you'll enjoy his sense of humor, vast experience in real case, and extensive examples he provides.Very appropriate for managers, engineers involved in contractual positions, and entrepreneurs.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and look forward to applying what I have learned in everyday interactions and business situations. Professor Siedel proves is excellent at presenting knowledge and his sense of humour makes it all the more enjoyable.
Theory supported with real life examples make it easy for us to implement in our work.Every detail aspect of negotiation was brought out so well during the course I'm sure this will change the way I look and things and negotiate in office for ever
Hats off for the Coursera as a course .Atleast i have learned , not only the planning , process , psychologistic skills, Brain Storming , parts but also Daily life calculations regarding Household products or for business Utilisations etc .
Great course, all the concepts are explained clearly through examples and applications. I have been in Marketing and sales through my professional life, exposed to negotiation and the content of the material is spot on. Highly recommended.
The truth is that I love learning,I'm always seeking new opportunities to learn.The quality of content of this course exceeds my expectations,and the lecturer, Mr. George Siedel, was superb!This is the best MOOC I've ever encountered.
Very helpful course. I would recommend everyone to join this course even if negotiation is not your field of interest. You will learn useful tools which you can apply whenever you are facing problems related to any dispute.
this course is a life changer, once you start learning tactics about negotiation on this class you will have new ideas and tactics that will change your old perspective about negotiating and make you a successful negotiator
I have taken a few courses on Coursera. This Course has the longest duration but I have never felt boring while listening to Mr. Siedel's lectures. He has designed the course materials in an attractive and efficient way.
Never have I been grateful to be one of the participants in this course as it taught me some of the essential tools in negotiations and dispute resolutions. I believe that with the information I learned in this course.
Great Course! well explained and gives you a lot of tool as well as key strategies to handle and make the best of your negotiations, i loved the psychological tools, ADR as well as the legal advice in contract making.
very practical skill which could be applied on work / personal situation easily. not much work to work on during the course and the 'lecture' is precise. the course is well structured with illustrative examples
Excellent course have limited and digestible content with supporting real life examples that blown the mind of viewer and also give them a life long lesson for professional as well as in dally life negotiations
This course was very enjoyable, and the difficulty level was just right. It imparted me with lots of knowledge I couldn't have gotten without studying business or law. Professor Siedel is an excellent teacher.
Very practical course. The principles learnt in the course can be applied right away. The professor gives many real life examples, which helps to learn the concepts and increase our understanding of the topic.
This course
helped me strengthen my negotiation skills.Mostly by
using an structural process in planning a negotiation strategy.I highly
recommend this course specially if you are in a Sourcing or Sales area.
Provides with a great systematization of knowledge about negotiations, law, phsycology in your head! Really liked a professor and the way he presents the material! Would recomment it to my friends definitely!
very useful & professional course full of illustrated examples which facilitate understanding  , I enjoyed being one of professor's Siedel online students and I hope I will repeat this experiment another time
great Course, excellent contents and amazing Teacher George Siedel. I would recommend it everyone who is starting in business or people who wants to enlarge their knowledge and point of view in a negotiation
This course is very very useful and essential for my professional growth. Thanks to Prof George Siedel for giving such a healthy knowledge for my professional development.With Best RegardsSunil Kumar Patnaik
It's totally useful and amazing! I have learnt a lot during this course and have my thoughts based on an academic and practical theories, I'd recommend it to anyone who considers entering the business field.
This particular course can change your whole life not only your business life but also your personal day to day life. It does teach negotiation skills which are highly demanding in every walk of your career.
EXCELENTE CURSO, EXCELENTES CONTENIDOS Y TEMÁTICA, MUCHAS GRACIAS POR LA FACILIDAD Y CLARIDAD EN EL ABORDAJE DE LOS TEMAS.
ME ENCANTARÍA PODER SEGUIR APRENDIENDO Y CAPACITÁNDOME JUNTO A UDS. MUCHAS GRACIAS!!
This was my first experience with Coursera online classroom and I was blown away by the outstanding quality, value, and professionalism of this course. Thank you for bringing such gems to the general public!
Thank you Professor!I learned a lot from you. I'm applying it in my real business and really happy about the result.Also I got 91.1 score at my third try in taking the exam.Thank you University of Michigan.
One of my best online learning experience and Prof George Siedel is experienced , knowledgeable, with awesome teaching techniques. Definitely will recommend to my friends and colleagues to attend.Cheers!!!
Excellent Course! I am a purchasing manager within wholesale
industry; this course has substantially increased my knowledge of negotiating successful
contracts with my business partners. Thank you, George!
Excellent course taught by an excellent professor! Learned skills which can be practiced in many professional and personal decision making situations. Lots of practical examples and an engaging atmosphere.
Very informative and easy to follow.  The strategies and principles taught can be used in everyday life and in a professional setting.  I am eager to continue with similar courses taught by this professor.
the course is great! i've studied economics so i dont have any knowledge in law subjects,however i manage not only to learn about leagal situations but also to understand how it works in several countries.
This course was more than beneficial as it made me look at each agreement or dispute in a more analytical way and I benefited greatly and enjoying with the course . so thank you for this great opportunity
Amazing course. Content mostly depends on psychology and real cases.There are quizzes every week for reviewing which don't count toward the final score.The final exam reviews the whole course really well.
I loved this course. It was put together well, and in a way that was easy to understand, and accommodating to my lifestyle. I really enjoyed this course and will continue to use it as reference material,
Following this class I am learning many concepts that are practically useful in my business life. I recommend this class to everyone who wants to improve his Negotiation and Conflict Management Skills.
I love the program content as well as lecturer's knowledge about this topic. So many interesting examples he provided during the course make it really practical and attracting to learners.Many thanks!
The lectures are very interesting with a lot of cases. The negotiation tactics can be used in  various occasions, and some legal knowledge were explained in a simple and clear way. Strong recommended.
Thanks for this wonderful course Prof. Siedel. I don't know of a better way to negotiate with you than to request:Please offer  more advanced courses; this course --I hope!-- has prepared me for them.
It was an excellent course with very senior and experience faculty in the respective field proving excellent case study.I would advise anyone planning to enroll in this course must do it immediately.
Great Learning experience, my first but not the last & recommended 
for those working professionals who have busy schedule and still want to
 whet their insatiable appetite for contemporary learning
Very useful negotiation skills are included in this course, and the examples Prof. George Siedel used to illustrate are very typical and easy to understand. I'd love to give 5 stars to this course.
A very well suited course which has developed concepts and contents toward most of kinds of negotiation. The professor was clear and give us a good set of examples applying theory in the real life.
Very good, explanatory and important course which I highly recommend to take for any undergraduate students or those who are currently working for a company and would like to get upgraded. Thanks!
Loved the way the course was done, however I do feel that if we had some good videos on negotiations that would have been a great addition to the course and helped explain the concept a bit better
Great course! Congratulations to the teacher who was very professional in each module. I learnt several new things even thought I am in a foreign country. I hope some day to meet with Mr. Siedel.
I conclude the course very satisfied, practical lessons, very interesting content, good structure as well. I am thankful to have learned such a good strategies for professional and personal life.
This course is superb!!! I felt a deep connection with the professor while watching his videos. Thank you very much!!! If I ever live in USA I will definitely take some courses in this University
I did not know that there were so many important information regarding negotiation. It was a very interesting and knowledgeable course. I hope to use the information that I learnt in the future.
He's a Winner from the start.  He is very positive, and logical.  These ideas can be used at Work, at Home, in Marriage, and in the Local community.  Hat's off for a great JOB, outstanding work.
Very useful and interesting course with examples from real life for everyone. I have learned many tools for my future negotiations. Thanks a lot to mr. George Siedel for his really great course!
This negotiation course helped me better understand the ins and outs of negotiating. Very detailed and filled with legitimate explanations, I would recommend this course to aspiring negotiators.
This course is really fantastic as this course help me to understand in a very well manner with very insightful deep knowledge , very learning now i can try to negotiate in a real world easily.
One of the best MOOC i have applied for it was easy to understand especially due to the situational based questions the instructor asked making me able to think  differently that i am used to .
Really one of the three best courses I have ever taken in my life. It has helped me not only better understand the world of work but has also had practical benefits in my everyday life as well.
I have learned many things through this course. I appreciate to Dr. George Siedel, University of Michigan, and Coursera.com for your contribution to provide this course to us.  Thanks so much .
The best online course I have taken in my life. I like so much the way in waht the professor explains every concept of the course. It was a really good experience start with a course like this.
This is a wonderful course about Negotiation. What I like most is the teacher who is really prepared and the subject which allows me to evolve in many situations concerning conflicts and deals.
Professor George made this course really fun and informative,the amount of knowledge,the planning of every negotiation was beautifully layed out by him throughout the course!thank you so much!
I found the course very useful and I gained a lot of insight into the process of Negotiation. Taking this course has made me also consider forging a a career path in Negotiation in the future.
Its been a very enriching experience. One of the best online courses i have ever attended. The faculty Prof.George Siedel has explained the negotiation concepts holistically and unequivocally.
This course is essential for anyone like me who uses negotiation skills in my occupation. It is an intense course at times, but really prepared me for my job duties in a more professional way.
Interesting introduction to negotiation techniques and strategies.Very pedagogical videos, congrats to Prof. Siedel.I totally recommend this course to people feeling curious about negotiation!
Excellent, the professor is very well spoken and he give clear explanations. The material of the course is very interesting and useful. I'm very glad I took this course. Thank you very much!!!
Very good! George Siedel was an amazing teacher with a lot of great tips, tricks and tools to use in real life negotiations. I am very appreciative for the opportunity to complete this course.
An excellent course for professional grooming. it would be injustice i dont talk about the instructor, An excellent instructor who has a wonderful knowledge with positive grip on the subject.
Thank you very much for the opportunity to the University of Michigan and Coursera to participate in a training program like this.  My best recommendations and qualifications for this course.
Dear Professor Siedel, Thank you so much, I virtually experienced and Learned a lot from your course in last 7 weeks. The examples were very informative and insightful. thanks you once again.
Loved George Siedle's insight on negotiation and the way that he broke the skills down to a science. His real world experience painted a picture and gave me an angle I have never seen before.
One of the few truly useful courses I've enrolled in, the case studies, examples of real-life cases, mock videos were extremely helpfullooking forward to yet another course in greater detail
This is one of the best courses on Negotiation I have taken. I have learnt lessons that are not just applicable to work or business but to life in general. Thank you Professor George Siedel.
this corse has helped me to develop both how I approach a negotiations wells as ensuring that customers are kept happy which therefore allows for a healthy relationship and revenue pipeline.
Great course with some very nice techniques and tools to achieve the best results in negotiations. The professor has vast experience and masters the art of negotiation, strongly recommended.
Interesting, a tad heavy on the law side of things which if you're purely in the business side of a negotiation may be a bit overkill (we have lawyers for this...) but absolutely worth it.
I had a great time attending this course. Excellent presentation from Prof. Siedel, very clear and with lot of cases.  This course is worth the time and effort to learn negotiation skills.
The course is very and very good and usefull, but it's easier for the attendants to take the quiz by the end of each Module and do the final test shorter (about 10-15 questions are enough)
Its very good course for sales person, i would recommend this course for all the sales person and they should go with this course. thank you very much Mr. George & University of Michigan.
This course is amazing! Thank you people from Coursera for giving me this great opportunity of learning this negotiation skills, they will be very useful in my life for now on. Thank you!
I always thought that negotiation is about talking skills, but this course revealed the technicalities of negotiations. Thanks to Prof. George for giving this life skill of negotiation.
Highly recommended. The exercise in the final section really helped in understanding the underlying interests of other side during a negotiation and the checklist and tools are amazing.
Thanks so much for the course. To pass, I have learned hard and reading carefully. Most valuable knowledge I have earned on this course. Thank you Professor for sharing your experience.
Great lectures and detailed frameworks discussed with live case examples. Love attending each session and  squeezing in more time from work to complete the course and learn new concepts
THIS CLASS IS VERY USEFUL WHETHER FROM PRACTICAL SKILLS OR THEORITICAL BASIS FOR MY NEGOTIATION IN MY REAL WORKING ENVIRONMENT, WHICH LEADS MR TO THINK TWICE BEFORE I throw out my ideas
The Course on Negotiations has been very well conducted by Prof George Siedel. It has been very educative and I am sure I will be able to utilise the learnings in my professional life.
It would be useful for your to prepare your own strategies as well as skills for a perfect negotiation. The professor has such a lot of pratical examples and exercises during training.
Mr. George Siedel explains in a very simple and comprehensive way essential strategies and skills for a successful negotiation. This course is extremely valuable! Thank you, professor.
Everyone needs to do this course even if they believe they are the best at negotiating, this course will not only improve your skills but will definitely make you learn something new.
Very helpful in my work as an interior contractor day n India, where negotiation is s way of life everyday. I am surely more confident in my communication with my clients and vendors.
This course is very informative. Prof. Siedel indeed made everything simple and made sure that everybody will understand what he is pointing out. I learned a lot and had a lot of fun.
It  was really amazing course, fantastic information, great presentation. I really enjoyed studying this course. thank you so  much professor George Siedel .Highly recommended course.
I learned a lot of techniques that I can use not only in business/ work-related negotiations but also to my personal day-to-day transactions. Thank you very much, Prof. George Siedel!
I really enjoyed the course, the content was amazing and I learned a lot with it. The Professor used a simple language and gave a daily life examples, which made the whole difference.
It was my first experience taking a 100% online course.  I found the course very useful and well explained.  I will definitely be using what I learned in my career and personal life.
By far this is one of the greatest courses that I ever had. It was an amazing opportunity to learn from Mr. Siedel. He is an excellent professor. Do not hesitate to take his classes!
The skills taught in this course are a must have for everyone, since independently of your profession, age, or social status, you are always negotiating! Thank you Professor Siedel !
Thank you Professor Siedel. This course has accompanied me through stressful and hard time, in my first year of small business. What I have learnt will still accompany me. Thank you.
This is a very well thought course. It addresses everything you need to know when negotiating.It works whether you have negotiating experience or none at all.Thanks to the professor!
The course is simply awesome. Most of the concepts are covered  with simple but interesting real life examples. The way the course instructor teaches is far beyond the expectations.
Thanks a lot Prof. George Siedeles. It was one of the best courses I have taken. I learned
a lot about the art of successful negotiations a much needed tool I always
wanted to have.
I like the way this course was taught. The teacher provided visual examples for understanding the critical thinking and strategy in determining how successful a negotiation can be.
This Course really add to my life, As I studied it for my personal use, I already have alto of confidence and benefits in my negotiations situations.Thank you Dr.SandalMahmoud Atta
Great instructor and great course material. Only issue was the final exam which i think had too many questions and some options need to be changed. The course overall was amazing.
This course offers insight on what is important points to consider before, during and after negotiation. Prof Siedal provides relevant examples on how the concepts can be applied.
I am very grateful and blessed to learn this course. it was fun and at any moment of time it wasn't boring all thanks to sir. The examples were very helpful and I enjoyed learning
There are lot to lean with this course, and during this journey of learning, I learn many strategies, and skills for negotiation. Thanks for your valuable effort for this course.
it's a great course that you all should learn because as everyone know that you have a chance to negotiate in everyday of your life and this will help you to go on the right way!
Great course to take. Instructor is very knowledgable. I have learned a lot and practical exercise help to get better understanding of the topic in real lofe scenario. Thank you.
Excellent course for learning the art of negotiation and all its details. Really enjoyed the course and the roleplay activity really gives you an opportunity to test your skills.
Brilliantly well structured and pragmatically applicative course and with George Siedel Sir's teaching methods and guidance this course is a must take for aspiring professionals.
Great teacher, wonderfull content and examples.Thank you very much professor SiedelOnly one improving point: the videos were often working badly (no audio or breaking the upload)
The course has an excellent and challenging
structure, which definitely helps to achieve great results in a wide range of
areas. I strongly
recommend to enroll for it.Good
luck!
Great course with lectures suitable for beginners and with a well-structured course plan. also a big thanks to Prof. George Siedel for his excellent contribution to this course.
Professor George Siedel is extremely knowledgeable. I learned a lot from attending this course. If negotiation is part of anything you do, I highly recommend taking this course!
I had a lot of fun watching the classes and reading his book. The quality of the classes has certainly surprised me in a positive way. It worths the (small) investment demanded!
A very informative and productive course. It made me view negotiations strategy along with the aspects involved from a different perspective. I definitely recommend this course.
Excellent course. The instructor experience is invaluable. The knowledge gained from this course will be very usefull in my personal life and at work. Highly recommended course!
This course was very challenging and enlightening. I will definitely use some of the tools I learned from this course. I am happy to  have expanded my knowledge on negotiating.
The course has a good dynamic and is very useful shows all steps of a negotiation from the preparation to how to close a contract. Best part is the Psychological tools and ADR.
This is really a very knowledgeable course with lots of examples and easy language, it helped me in understanding lots of negotiation skills with flexible timings. Thanks a lot
Totally, a lot of useful info regarding the negotiation's field. We all think we are good negotiators, but you will change your mind after this course. Definetely recommend it!
Excellent Course for anyone who wants a clearer understanding of Negotiations - great examples used, lecturer is easily understood, and the topics covered are very interesting.
This has been one of the most fantastic journeys in my (upper) education! Excellent teaching, great contents, definitely valuable for anyone involved in business relationships.
Great course.  A range of topics are presented in a succinct way.  Professor's relaxed and conversational style was easy to understand his examples made the concepts relatable.
A very detailed course , effective to develop one's negotiation skills , also focuses on the concepts (for example: mediation) relevant in current/future time,really satisfied.
Very useful course! Decided to take it on my spare time after graduating, it definitely has a very broad application. It will definitely come in handy in the future! Thank you!
Probably the best online course with specific topic I've ever joined, glad to hear that my final exam passed because it was too difficult for me. A challenging course for you!
excellent course. useful for everyone interested in negotiation, business and other deal making activities. creates better knowledge to survive some real life situations also.
it was an amazing course I had so much beautiful time learning how to negotiate so that will help me in my real life I wish that by the wat .thanks so much for your knowledge
Very interesting. This certainly will give you a competitive advantage in your career and profession. the teacher was excellent very clear and he knows a lot about the topic.
This course is absolutely instrumental  for those who want to have a smart negotiation skill, not only in business but also in everyday life when communication is inevitable.
This MOOC provides you important tools that can be very usefull in your life. The course is really well structured, the lessons are very clear and complete. Strongly advised!
It is good learn about the Successful Negotiation and now i know how to make a negotiation. And thanks University of Michigan and to the sir who has taken the course of us..
I highly recommend this course, the material provided and the instructor are very clear, which allows you to get a sense of what is required and needed to make a negotiation
Excellent course! The lecture had an engaging style and gave plenty of very useful examples and anecdotes to illustrate points and keep one engaged. Very highly recommended!
Well structured with theory subject and related examples/case-studies. I 'm glad that I took this course, it makes me feel better with my negotiations but yet to test them.
Great and innovative way to enhance negotiating skills for all Sales professionals or business professionals, in general. Definitely recommend for anyone in those avenues!
The teacher is very interesting and the course is well designed. I learned a lot about negotiation even if it wasn't my first negotiation class. I definitely recommend it.
It's a great course to understand and learn about Negotiation with the help of simple concepts. Alot of real life examples and videos are mentioned through out the course.
I want to especially thank Professor Seidel, he definitely does a great job and made it seem so logical and simple, I'm happy and I recommend this course 100% ! Thank you.
The professor is clear in explaining and makes you feel part of the lectures. You learn the content and you learn how to really use what is explained. Amazing opportunity.
I've just completed the course and it was far better than I had expected. Prof. Siedel is a perfect teacher so is the course. Thank him, Coursera and U-M.Best from Turkey.
Amazing Course by Dr. George, I really learned a lot from this course, the course structure and the teaching style is amazing. I highly recommend this course to everyone.
I'm sure the content of the course will be useful either in personal life and in my job. I'm very happy with the way the course is done, thank you Professor Siedel. Fabio
This is a very good course for the development of negotiation skills.
I recommend to every entrepreneur, because at some stage of life they will have to sell their ideas.
I enjoyed the interactive lessons with the Professor, and I learned quite a lot from this meaningful course. Hope more people can take this course and enjoy the process:D
It is amazing, very useful, interesting, intelligible course with a wide range of practical cases. I highly recommend to listen this course from the beginning to the end!
I loved the course. in the past a I had read a book called 'never split the difference' that got me interested in negotiation. This course takes it to a while new level.
Everything was good, gained good strategies. Teacher was very well in communication. Just disappointed for not getting certificate as already it was instructed for free.
It was a great course. I would like to thank the Instructor sir George Siedel for this wonderful teaching. This course will help me with different situations in my life.
Absolutely loved this course enjoyed each aspect of the topics, got to learn new and interesting concepts, George Siedel sir taught very interactively very much enjoyed.
Thank you for this teaching programme. I enjoyed learning from Mr.Siedel. His teaching style with examples and understandible way was great. I enjoyed learning from him.
It is a really good course. Highly recommend it. If you think about it, you negotiate in every aspect of your life, this is a course that can improve how you negotiate.
This course gave me a ton of knowledge that I can apply in real life and it helped me to learn a new skill which will be of greater value addition in the coming future.
Highly informative., though many of us feel we know negotiation, the pragmatic & holistic approach makes you realize where you might commit mistakes in decision making.
Great Course. It fulfilled all my expectations as it was my 1st course in Coursera. Highly recommended to professionals who are working in Business Development like me.
This course is absolutely fantastic! I am really appreciate that I could join and finish this class.I can recommend to everybody who want to be a successful negotiator!
Very great course with step by step learning and examples. Mr. Siedel is a great teacher, and speaks clearly and at a great pace that allows for maximum understanding.
Been learning many things that I can actually apply in real life !!! Its quite nice. Would recommend for people who like studying and practicing business negotiations.
This course helped me get a different perspective on life. Not only do I feel like a much stronger negotiator but I developed skills I was not aware I posses.Thank you
Iwould to thank the entire Michigan university for the skill they drilled  in me. Looking forward to another course,I better also thank Coursera for the financial aid.
Prof. George Siedel is brilliant at teaching about Negotiation. Completing this course has given me the confidence to deal with any negotiation scenario I might face.
Course structure,way of teaching giving simple real life scenarios are awesome. i really enjoyed learning. i feel empowered now. i am more confident now.Thanks a lot.
Very Excellent Course that I recommend to everyone! An excellent Professor and a lot of very useful informations that you can practice in professional and daily life!
An excellent course that takes you from beginner to intermediate level. In each lecture you will learn new things and it would provide you key skills of negotiation.
The course has afforded me the opportunity to learn without leaving the comfort of my office and house. It was actually designed for people like me. Olabanji Ayodele
This is one of the wonderful course that I highly recommend. The content, videos, and everything is really amazing, the professor and all the staff did a great job.
A compact course with the most and valuable information and tips for a excellent negotiation. For business and life!Highly recommended! For begin and advance levels
This is excellent course appreciate university of michigan. Please let me know how can i obtain my certificate now?ThanksFranklin+968 7111 5943bdm_mideast@yahoo.com
Great course. Loved the information and the practice negotiation. I learned a ton and now want to find ways to use and hone my negotiation skills! Recommend to all.
we are expecting some more similar good content mooc courses from michigan state university, regarding digital marketing , inbound marketing, internet of things,etc
Excellent course, i really liked the experience i had, for sure i will recommend this material to my colleagues and my family. Thanks Michigan University for this!
Always think about enlarging the pie before negotiation. Professor is very humorous and the course is very easy to follow. Great negotiation practice exercise too.
With this one can be able to know were to start in terms of negotiating with it’s business pattern and also one can be able to use it in he/her day to day activity
The instructor really has a lot of experience and knows what he is teaching and talking about. This course definitely polish my negotiation skills and soft skills
An Excellent course with lots of learnings. When negotiations are mixed with laws and regulations then I am able to get a perfect view of all practical scenarios.
On of the most well put and well balanced courses that I have ever taken. The lecturer was especially great.  Thoroughly enjoyed and would recommend it to anyone.
Very good course, it is useful not only for business bu for everyday life. The teacher is awesome, clear explanations and perfect examples. I totally recommend it
Very good! It's my 2nd course on Coursera after "Learning how to learn" and I supposed to meet small quizes after each unit, just to remember the material better.
The professor is so crisp, calm and composed. it seems like he is explaining everything in a one-on-one session. I will look for more lessons from the Professor.
Thank you for all the useful techniques in this course that the professor provided. I like the way and the method that the professor use to teach in this course.
It is very much useful for the one who really want to step in the bussiness field.It teaches you the best way to negotation.I felt price worthy course I learned.
It was a very useful course which has really given a new scope of understanding the essentials and given me a few strategies to improve my skills in negotiations
Fantastic teacher, the content of the course is explaind clearly and accessible for everyone even if people dont have prior experience with this kind of subjects
I learn more about strategies and skills now I'm very popular in this topic negotiation. Thank you much for a wonderful activities. I really gather a clear view.
It is very useful course. I got a lot of information about Negotiation strategies and skills. Also the lecturer was very professional and friendly. thanks a lot.
Prof. Siedel as an instructor is very clear and compelling. His pace also ensures that the material is clearly explained and demonstrated in real-life examples.
If I would visit this course before terminating business relationships with our partners those may end up totally different. Great materials and well presented!
All Study material is made in very acceptable and readable style. easily understand all the concept and tactics. Very Helpful course. Enjoyed my learning a lot.
Course is perfect for any professional looking to improve negotiation skills. I am now confident to take on new challenges in my career as a sales professional.
Really enjoyed this course. Would recommend to anyone as it brings a bit of science/method to the art of negotiation (which you do a lot more than you realise).
Well structured course with in-depth analysis of use case and examples. I have learned a lot and this is very relevant to my work and personal life. Thank you.
It was a great experience for me to attend this online session. I hope it will help me out in my career to negotiate perfectly during finalization of projects.
Excellent course! My knowledge and skills have been broaden upon the completion of this course. There was no boring moment. It cuts across all spheres of life!
Fantastic course with great lecturer. I was in the middle of the course and it already helped me in a critical negotiation at my workplace. Highly recommended!
Great course! Interesting mix between negotiation tactics, psychology and law. Professor very clear and videos are easy to watch, would recommend it to anyone!
Very happy to select this course, as it contained very useful tools and strategies to structure the negotiating process in future. Thank you to all the team !
Very heapfull course. With many examples from the bussines world. In addition, it uses legal terms as needed and so it is understandable to non-legal persons.
wonderful course with real life examples to get better understanding of real life scenarios for negotiations wither in business, real estate or personal work.
The course was very helpful and very apt for people wanting to pursue the line. it had the exact details and techniques needed in today's business environment
Negotiation process case studies are nicely captured, documented and presented. It was a great learning and fun attending this. Must attend for every manager.
This is a very intersting course that really makes you rethink about Negotiation skills. George Siedel is an amazing teacher and his book is a must have one!
The best I could find on the internet or any other youtube advices, very detailed, structured, full, with examples, motivated. Thank you professor very much!
best course of startups and also this course boosts confidence on negotiation skills. Also it gives an idea to make good deals in market with enough profit.
Great course that teaches the best ways to negotiate and learn about negotiation, Professor Siedel is well prepared and teaches in a really good steady way.
I love the course, especially BATNA and the Decision Tree.

  I have learned some skills which may assist to improve my communication and develop my career.
I recently completed the course. It is an excellent course. Very helpful in work & personal life. A scientific approach for a skill considered to be an art.
A very interesting course that challenges many of the things that you think you know. I definitely recommend it. Valuable lessons even for our daily routine
Excellent course with practical examples on negotiation skills. The course is tailored very carefully in order to avoid any unnecessary extension of topics.
excellent course. very experienced and knowledgeable professor.content of practical use and relevant almost every interaction where influencing is required.
The tutor makes this course very interesting. I am also learning great skills. I will definitely pay to get the certificate at the end of taking the course.
Great presentation and tools for a successful negotiation, and the videos are not boring at all, keep your attention with comic histories about real cases.
The course was very knowledgeable and indulging. The professor taught every topic by practical instances which helped to have a clear image of the subject.
It is a great course to learn the essential negotiation skills. Professor Siedel explains the concepts elaborately using relevant examples and information.
If you are not sure if you are thinking of all the possibilities in preparation of your negotiation. This course will guide you. Checklist of Negotiation.
THIS IS AN EYE OPENER, AS THIS IS A SKILL WHICH WE USE IN OUR SUBCONSCIOUS LEVEL OF OUR MIND, YET SO MANY MISTAKES WE MADE AND NO ONE TAUGHT US. THANK YOU
Actually  i like the way the instructor deal in this course very much - press pause and think about it- as he is really fucused and relax thanks Dr v much
Learned way more than I bargained for.  Had no idea the course offered basics of contracts and dispute resolution as well as tools to use in negotiations.
The teacher is extremely good at communicating the material, and the pace of the videos is pretty good. I recommend maybe watching it at 1.5x or 2. speed
I found some very useful information about the different types of laws and codes as well as some practical stuff to use while negotiating contract terms.
superb way to learn and enhance your knowledge, gives complete way out of negotiation and how to handle the task when on field it comes to you. thank you
The Negotiation part was great in theory but in practice i couldn't find someone to negotiate with.no second exam if deadline finished is very troubling.
The teacher was excellent, he was very clear and pricise. I was not to happy on the final assignment as there was no real way of knowing how well you did
Wonderful, very helpful, well structured course. I liked the idea of teaching with examples. It helped me understand concepts better. Thankyou Professor.
This course opened a new perspective of negotiation to me with the fundamental concept learning and application of the theory into a practical problems.
Very informative course and very excellent teacher.  Teaches you things you can use in business dealings as well as things to use in your personal life.
This is a great cours. I recommend to people who are or "new" or "old" in any kind of business. Also this was very inspiring. Go take, what do you wait!
An excellent course and professor. This course really opened my eyes to the subtleties of negotiations and how to influence all of my daily negotiations
Great course! Prof. Siedel explains the concept very well and understandable. Highly recommend for everyone who wants to learn about basic negotiation.
It is exactly the work what i do in my job but i received some tips where i can enhance my skills in the job which will benefit me and my organization.
Very well organised and interesting course. It provides the instruments for facing consciously even situations that might arise in the day-to-day life.
This course will introduce you to the world of negotiations. How it  necessary to avoid dispute and how to know the best outcomes using Decision Trees.
A wonderful courseBeautifully and simply explainedFun activitiesMind bending processesOverall: Super Fun, Super Educative & Very Helpful for the Future
Really excellent course for people wanting to learn more about what it means to enter into a negotiation, interpret contracts and approach deal making.
Exceeded my expectations.  The book and Elm Street exercise were great.  The videos backed up the book.  The course was well-illustrated with examples.
A brilliant introduction to Negotiations of all kinds.Clear, practical and interesting lessons.Fully applicable both to business and personal contexts.
Course that can help you get tools for understanding world of negotiation. Very good theoretical part. Easy for learning even for non English speakers.
The course is well taughted in a very organized and clear way. The last case exercise is really helpful! I really learned a lot. Great thanks to Gorge!
Opened a new insigt to the business world. The course is relevant and inspiring to today's changing dynamics and is applicable to all spheres of life.
This is a fantastic course - should be compulsory learning for all! Clear, concise and easy to understand - you won't regret taking this course!A+++++
This course is very helpful to review materials in my ADR class. George Siedel clearly is one of the best person to give us courses on this subjects.
I really liked the end exam which is an elaborate evaluation on the entire course.Added to that the role playing game ("elm Street") is also awesome.
A lot of useful information given elaborately to conduct successful negotiations with apt examples for most of the concepts for better understanding.
I love the tools used for negotiation and loved the explanation behind each tools. It was wonderful and I am confident that I can apply these skills.
I encourage all to took this basic soft skill course . Negation is a daily practice for all , the more skill you are the better results you will gain
Excellent is a really small word to describe how good and useful this negotiation and the teacher are. The best negotiation course I have ever taken.
This is by far one of the best classes that I have ever taken.  I would highly recommendit to anyone looking to succeed in life, as well as business.
Loved every example that was given and appreciated the instructor's thorough explanation for each step of the negotiation process. Thank you, George!
stunning course about the science behind the negotiations. It also offer you a lot of tools for the negotiations in business or in your private life.
Being a law student it would be a great pleasure for me to go through with this course as to enshrine my negotiation skills for the upcoming future.
Very nice content of the course & can be directly implemented during professional or personal negotiations in day to day life. BATNA & ADR are best.
Successful Negotiation: Essential Strategies and Skills by University of Michigan on Coursera exceed my expectations ! Very well prepared and done !
Professor siedel ..You rock ! you have completely changed my perspective about negotiation..It was an amazing course .. Thank you for your efforts !
The professor is a great teacher! I did learned a lot from this course even though I am not finishing the whole lesson, still I acquire quite a lot.
I think Mr. George Siedel is an excellent teacher and this course is quite good overall. Thanks to coursera for providing such high quality courses.
It's Just the right course for Negotiation.I have attended a lot of courses about this topic, but this is the most valuable one.Enjoy this course :)
It is one of the elaborated ones .I really learnt about so many terms which were new to me. I enjoyed the layman language to ease for the learner .
Thank you, professor, for taking the pain and teaching us on the subject. Have learned a lot from your teaching and hope I shall continue to do so.
Really interesting course. Professor George Siedel support the explanation with several examples, the final negotiation is a big plus to the course
Very effective mix of real world examples and detailed explanations to the topic under study. I really had a great time listening to the professor.
very helpful framework about conducting negotiations. the BATNA model is easy to remember and easy to apply. a model that will stay with me forever
Its been very helpful, earlier I thought that I know everything, but now I know more than what I know. Very useful for small entrepreneurs like me.
A very insightful course presented in the best possible way. Lots and lots of value. I would like to see another course presented by the Professor.
The best course to be used across all fields, wish they had another part in the same course, the Professor was really amazing, highly recommended.
Very interesting training course, love the case study and the analysis which is using the learned skills to elaborate them one by one, very useful
It is a very interesting course, and the instructor is extremenly clear in the concepts. It has been a great course to do. I strongly recommend it
Thank you, Dr. George Sidel, for your great efforts behind creating this course! This course was very helpful to me in the journey of self-growth.
its really helpful. The professor is really effective in his choice of words and very skillful. the examples used in the course are really helpful
this is a must learn skill for everyone, and the instructor is just excellent, it is not like a mooc rather than a private course at your account.
The best negotiation course I've taken, excellent professor, very interesting real-life examples, very detailed in each topic. Highly recommended.
It was one of the most interesting courses I've ever attended. I definitely think that Negotiation is something that everyone of us need to learn.
This course has been very useful for those who are working in private companys where negotiations are part of our daily routine. I do recommen it.
I recommend this course. It gave me such great insight about negotiations, and the tools for dealing with every situation are indeed very helpful.
Excellent course! I have learned a lot from this course, it's a wide knowledge very useful for every day.Thanks a lot for the high skills offered.
I would like to get more psychological tricks for negotiations as most of the information in the course is well known or very specific to USA law
Never stop learning! Even if you think you are a good negotiator, some useful tips and a systemic approach are great to improve your performance!
This course helps to understand the negotiation skills and strategies to apply it in future. Now, i can able to apply it on my clients in future.
Thanks Mr George ,this learnings will take me further in my area of business .Looking forward to learning some more skills in this period .Cheers
Excellent Course blended with Contract. Request you to cover more on Contracts so that it will be helpful for Procurement & Contracts personnel.
Actually,It's a glorious course for me.I learned what is negotiations and how to be negotiator.I think,now i do better negotiations from before.
Excellent course that covers up main topics for negotiation concisely and precisely. I understand the concept of negotiation from holistic view.
An absolutely fantastic course! The wealth of knowledge that I've learned from taking this course has been; Positively Life Impacting - 5 Stars!
George is an excellent lecturer who holds your attention through every lesson and the information is invaluable, definitely highly recommended.
Best course, very complete, it helps a lot to see the thing in a "big picture" and know that theres other ways to negotiate, highly recommended
Excellent course. I learnt the importance of negotiation and I am eager to apply its basic principle in my work as well as in my everyday life.
Excellent overview of negotiations! Videos are easy to follow and very engaging. I'm applying the principles from this course in my daily life.
The course was a great experience overall I advice anyone who wants to sharpen up their negotiation skills should definitely take this course.
I really love the way the course structured and give best practices and tips for negotiation. Thank you for creating this super useful course!
Plenty of good and real examples , reflective thinking questions  and useful suggestions that could be adopted in both daily and working life.
I find this course very educating, informative and insightful for professionals that want to be more successful and remain afloat the success.
One excellent course. It really changed my way of negotiation with others. Asking questions provides one with much power than one can imagine!
Irrespective of position/job role, everyone should take this course. It's free unless you need certificate. Course content is really fabulous.
One of the best program in negotiation. It illustrates the underlying principles beautifully.Highly recommended for everyone.Thanks Professor.
Very useful course, i'll improve my knowledge in this area and now I can negotiate in a totally different way and have more chances to success
Learnt a lot of useful tips that are very practical will be very critical to my future endeavors. This class was simply but elegantly taught!
it was great learning negotiation through this course. It was really helpful course and enjoyed attending lectures because it was not boring.
Truly purposeful course, organizes and structures the negotiator's approach and thinking whilst making putting him in a position of strength.
this course provide an communication tools to encourage yourself for any negotiated situation in daily life and to handle the challenged one.
Excellent teacher and great content, perfectly fit for a self-study course, it would be even better if there were more exercises to practice.
Great Course.Amazing insights provided.Would be helpful if free ebook would be provided along with the course.Happy that I did this course :)
This course is basic talking about excellence in negotiation, really really grateful with University of Michigan and the teacher Mr. Siedel.
Very good course. Approaches negotiation in a strategic and scientific way. Highly recommended if anyone wants to become a great negotiator.
Great course, I learned more than I expected from it. Well presented. Thank you Prof. George Siedel for putting together a great syllabus!!!
Absolutely amazed about how this course opens up one's mind and let's a student in about the intricacies of working of the world in general.
A lot of information packed in this course!  I learned more than I expected to - it is comprehensive, and well organized.  Highly recommend!
It is a wonderful course. Professor Siedel has covered all the necessary areas and explained each topic with his mesmerizing teaching style.
This is a great course everyone should be interested in. It has opened my eye to different possibilities of creating a win-win negotiation.
Very useful for every professional and non in order to get clearance about negociation process, tool in a theorical but also practical POV.
Thanks for the interesting course. I have learned so many useful information. Never took such courses before. That was my first experience.
I never knew that there was so much involved in good negotiation. This is qualitatively probably the best MOOC course I have taken to date.
It is a very useful and interesting course that summary all the information necessary to manage a negotiation. The teacher is very skilled.
Good course and material; sometimes a bit too technical and detailed on defining specific components of a negotiation, but helpful overall.
Fantastic course, an extraordinary teacher. Thank you very much Michigan University for open this kind of courses to everyone in the world.
amazing course. I am 15 years old and could learn a lot from our teacher George! This really changed my mind of how to view a negotiation!
Thank you so much for making this course available for free. May this knowledge help me to contribute in the handling of conflict matters.
Excellent course!!!... I am a particularly constant negotiator and I learned and systematized a lot of knowledge throughout  this course..
Much better than what I expected, thank you George Siedel!I loved the bits on problem solving as well.Cogratulations to everyone envolved.
I like it very much! I have engineering background. I think differently than others a lot. This class provides me a different perspective.
This course has taught me how to negotiate in practically any situation & given me valuable tools to use both in life & work. Loved this!
Excellent and practical course. One of the best I had taken lately. Congratulations to professor Siedel, excellent and charming teacher!!
Overall great course. The teacher was explaining clearly, but very slowly, this is why the accelerator tool turned out to be very useful.
Excellent course! I really enjoy it! Now I know that I have to study more about law in my country if I want to success in negotiation! :P
Well presented, with clear direction, I can see that the knowledge gained in this course will help me through life.  Thank you very much.
Great course. Useful and easy to follow. I took it as an aid to a real estate deal I was about to close and it helped me greatly! Thanks!
A very insightful course. I strongly recommend it to everyone interested in discovering the secrets for running successful negotiations.
It is one of the best courses I have ever attended. it helped me to enhance my knowledge and skills about being a successful negotiator.
Really enjoyed the course and gave me some valuable skills to use in my personal and professional life.Thank you University of Michigan!
Very good. After finishing you can see how many details there are in these processes that you don't even imagine exist before the course
Thank you very much.It was wonderful course. I leaned too much.From Muhammad SohailComputer Engineer (Pakistan) working in Saudi Arabia.
Brilliant course, covers the essentials and offers further insights. Well presented by a fantastic lecturer. Definitely worth attending.
An excellent Course, with a lot of relevant and practical know-how.Some more possibility to practice the subjects learned would be nice.
The concepts and thinking process taught in the course will really be helpful in real life to examine different situations we get into.
Thank you a lot for this course, before it i had some unstructured knowledge and feelings how to negotiate, after it i have a framework
Covers the most relevant topics about negotiation in a structured, easily understandable way. Also, it has many practical implications.
The course is really an eye opener for those who are in negotiation role. The tools can be applied for professional and personal life.
The most informative platform I have ever experienced through online.The lessons are really worthful.Looking forward for more courses.
Excellent course, with nice companion book, thoroughly created self-examination, and incredibly persuasive lecturer. Highly recommend!
best teacher for the course who teaches every concept in such a simple language that even beginner can understand without any problem
Excellent course structure, professional faculty, many example cases and short in between video assignments for better understanding.
I am really grateful for this amazing course, the curricula was great and they are easy to apply on my personal and professional life
The course is amazing thats  open my eye on the negoiation skills learning,looking forward to more experience in the future.Thak you!
I enjoyed very much going through all the modules of the course. The content very interesting and George Siedel is a great Professor.
The ability of professor George Siedel to transfer knowledge is just incredible.He is a very knowledgable and charismatic gentleman.
One of the best courses I have taken so far. The material was so practical and yes the professor is super cool. Highly Recommended!!
The Course exceeded all my expectations, I will not only put it into practice in my professional life, but also in my personal life.
Amazing content and structure. Prof Siedel shares interesting perspectives for both deal making and dispute resolution negotiations.
Great lecturer, and the course well thought structure makes the learning process feel like a walk in the park. Definitely recommend!
Captured interest like a movie! Professor exactly knows how to impart skills to people of different backgrounds, all over the world.
This course taught me important things regarding negotiation and I love to get back to the materials, recall and use it in practice.
I'm very grateful for this course. Lots of knowledge, entertaining videos and an intriguing negotiation exercise at the end. Thanks!
It is a wonderful course, any professional and person in general should take it. The teacher's explanation and examples help a lot!
Great Course, Very Well Structured, and the way Prof. Siedel explains it makes it easy to understand the most complicated subjects.
I enjoyed learning the course at my very own space. It was well explained and the notes well very detailed. Thank Mr George Siedel.
The course is very nice and useful for everyone. Negotiation is very basis skill and yet ignored by best of the best professionals.
Easily understandable teaching style and vast experience allows the use of interesting anecdotes and examples.Thoroughly enjoyable!
Amazing course.Learned very helpful and practical tools and skills that I can use immediately to improve in all of my negotiations.
Interesting and valuable course! In depth look on logic, essence and analysis of negotiations and interests of negotiating parties.
Great to refresh and learn new skills at any age in life and feel empowered ! Thank you Dr. Siedel and Umich for the opportunity !
A very informative and practical course. I learnt a lot. I am still going through the materials again because they are so helpful.
The course content was/is very rich and insightful. Prof. George was very engaging and explanations were both clear and practical.
The course taught me that there are better ways to settle disputes in any endeavour of humanity outside the normal court procedure
Even I didn't know an inch about negotiation, this course opened my eyes wide how to make negotiation successfully with the tools.
Excellent course. Professor Siedel covers a lot of material, gives explicit, real-life examples.One of the best courses out there.
A must for everyone as it teaches you not just how to make deals for a business but how to negotiate better in every walk of life.
Excelent Course!  Very useful, and student-friendy; it opened a lot of doors in my professional/personal life. Highly recommended.
the final mastery exam review might provide some explanation/hint/reference to help the student understand where they went wrong.
Gave me an insight on how to be succesful negotiator. I am quite sure that this will help me in my career. Thank you Prof. Siedel
Great learning from Prof. George Siedel. The entire keep me refresh and energies I am going to implement in my business next week
"Overall, the course will be very useful in my day-to-day life.  Learned a good deal to make."" I thank you for the opportunity,"
Negotiations is part of our daily life. This course gives
you the right tools to structure your negotiation and to succeed in it.
It was indeed an excellent learning experience. The course is well setup, well paced and definitely adds value to various topics.
Very good course. Gave me theory behind the things that I used to do in my negotiations, and also gave new tools to improve them.
Highly recommend! The course is so awesome! Huge thanks to Mr. Siedel, I really appreciate your taking time to build this course!
An interesting and easy-to-understand course. Gives a great overview on negotiations and some legal stuff concerning legislation.
Very useful. There are many interesting practical things in the course. Professor Seidel have very good diction. I'm satisfied ;)
Very informative and relates to real life applications. 5/5 will take again. Professor is very well equipped to teach the course.
helped me to understand the  corporate negotiation strategies, future i am sure i can improve my professional negotiation skills
thks, professor for the clarty of your course and the facility you shine to make us understand, this is a very important module.
very good course!!It broaden my knowledge in the negotiation field.I strongly recommend it, either you are a beginner or a pro..
Real life skills that will prove very crucial for your success as soon as you interact with the next salesperson you meet today.
Very comprehensive! The lecturer is one of the best in his field. Highly recommend to everyone who seeks successful negotiation.
The course is a must take for people searching for some basic negotiating as well as some real life skills to deal with people.
This course was the best real life lesson i have ever studied. Siedel provided relevant examples which made it more interesting
very informative course , every word of this course is worth knowing and implementing in your career and daily life. thank you!
It was indeed a great course for enhancing negotiation skills and the ADR strategies are really an eye-opener for business life
Just amazing, my thinking way is now different.Many thanks to Mr George Siedel for this course very helpfull.Lionel from France
It's the best business course ever. I highly recommend it!! It's very practical, easy to understand, didatic and very helpful!!
I learned many things about negotiation and deal-making skill. I am glad that I learned under Dr Siedel and it's my privilege.
It's simply amazing how this course has discussed and clarified.. Thanks a lot Prof/Siedel ..I Really can't thank you enough..
great insight of negotiation process. Questions in final test were also equally tough and helps to learn. Thank you Professor!
Great learning experience on the fundamentals of negotiation, recommended for those working professionals in sales environment
Excellent course - well designed, developed and delivered! My sincere gratitude to Professor George Siedel of UM and Coursera.
I have learned alot from this course. The material is useful to keep in mind and to learn from in personal life and business.
Excellent course with a lot of practical examples that help to understand the concepts. Thank you guys for this amazing time.
It's an essential course wither for business or your daily life. Worth of study, plus a great instructor Prof. George Siedel.
Great course that I am confident helps me a lot in both professional and private life. Thank you so much for the opportunity.
I'm so happy I decided to take thus course. I've gained valuable information that will surely assist me in future endeavors.
Awesome course, fantastic teacher, superb content, mind blowing examples, exemplary exam questions and well thought content.
This is very nice course and its helps me to negotiate in my personal and professional life a lots to take correct decision.
This course offers so many useful tools and strategies for us to better negotiate, to enlarge our interests, to avoid traps.
its truly entertaining to so easily understand all these concepts which can be so hard to grasp because of textbook language
Good morning,Cezar, everything all right, a very important course in the theory and with quite practical examples, at. Cezar
This course is very informative and provides a life long lesson of information that will help you better deal with salesmen.
This course was fantastic - one of the courses that truly make you learn something new something so applicable to EVERYONE!
This is a lifetime course and very well managed. It is helpful in every walk of life and a special thanks to the professor.
Extremely easy to follow along for a complete beginner and forces you to approach daily negotiations in a different manner.
Very valuable information on strategies to negotiate on your every day life and how to get the most profit from situations.
Some great content in this course - very comprehensive and great for anyone new to negotiation or just wanting a refresher.
Mr. Siedel is simply incredible.Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge.Greetings from Brazil.Best regardsThales Prado
Amazing course, I'm an engineer and I'm taking this kind of course first time and it is fun. George is an amazing teacher.
Great Course, I have learned lots and able to enhance the of skill of negotiation. Hopefully it will help me in my career.
Great course with nicely designed content. It is an important subject & will certainly helpful for my professional career.
Done this a while ago, great insight on pre-planning, batna, and a touch on the lawfulness of agreements. Also it is free!
Amazing course! this take anybody to a high negotiation level, in business or every day interactions, very well explained!
Deep respect for the professor... Mr Seidel.Just loved the course!.Learned a lot and definitely will use the skill learnt.
The course covers all the aspects in details and explained the concepts in a simple and systematic way  .  Great learning
One of beautiful course I ever did in my life through online and the professor was outstanding in teaching the concepts .
Excellent transferable skills that I have learnt in this course.I am allowed to deal with all kind of clients since then.
I like this course! All information is important and really necessary  in the work! Thank you Prof. Siedel for this work!
This course is surely worth everyone's time. It teaches many essentials that will be useful in different phases of life.
its is spectacular course got new concept to learn. i really loved this course. and teaching style of sir George Siedel.
An absolute masterpiece. The professor organized the materials in such an impressive manner, enjoyed every minute of it.
Excellent in-depth analysis of how negotiation can go down. Moreover a technical insight into a daily basis negotiation.
First i want to say thank to Coursera and Michigan University this course is very good and will develop my communication
Great course. It is helpful not only for business but for everyday life as well! Special thanks for Ukrainian subtitles.
Excellent course - covers many strategies on how to negotiate as well as providing insight into the negotiation process.
I really learned a lot. So practical. The instructor was amazing. Wish I took his course at the University of Michigan.
One of the bests courses available on coursera!! Awesome teacher,I've learn a lot about negotiantion skills. Thank you.
Excellent course. The negotiation at the end is really good for applying the concepts learned in the course. Go for it.
This is my first online course. Professor George Siedel explained the concept very well. I am a better negotiator now☺️
One of the best online courses on negotiation that I have ever taken. Thank you very much on the wonderful opportunity.
Excellent course, this course will have a positive impact in your daily activities and also in you professional duties.
George Siedel is a excellent speaker for this course and i certainly gain valuable knowledge from his class. Thank you
Thanks George. A fantastic course and a great insight into the areas of consideration required before any negotiation.
Excellent course! You develop new skills that are essential in your daily life. Professor Siedel is an amazing mentor.
Best course to learn about negotiation skill and its Essential Strategies whatever the field in which you are working.
Great Course by outstanding professor George Siedel. Thank you for helping me improve my negotiation skills so much!!!
I think this course is interesting, full of good experiences and examples, a real tool for becoming a good negotiator.
This is a great course!!! I think the skills learnt here will be a lot of benefit to my life! Thank you, Prof. Siedel.
Thank you for this wonderful experience. I really enjoyed Mister Siedel class, thank you for your values and stories.
fantastic professor and useful exercises , it allows me to have a deeper look into the daily and business negotiation
This course has become an eye opener, not because of upgrading  my negotiations skills but on my daily transaction...
Very comprehensive, but the lectures were done so clearly and so well-structured that it can be absorbed by the stude
One of the best course I have ever taken. It will help me immensely in my real estate investment deals going forward.
The lectures were amazing, with lots of content but easy to follow. The examples were great to make everything clear.
Fantastic course. Would recommend friends and family to go over this material. Valuable and practical approach taught
Basic negotiation with background and excersise. Highlight recommended to Annonce who Wanst to Explorer the subject.
excellent course and wxcellent professor, i am so glad to have participated in this course and learn so much as well
Excellent course and Professor. I highly recommend this course. It has enhanced my Negotiation skills from the core.
interesting course, the professor explain the course in simple terms and it was interesting with practical examples,
This course helped me to improve my negotiation skills, I am more confident to handle negociations after this class.
Brilliant course, with a great lecturer. Well structured, and readily transferable in the skills developed. Thanks!!
excellent course, great overview for those who are new to thinking about negotiations from a business point of view.
Very Useful Negotiation skills learn. Thanks to Professor George Siedel and Coursera for this wonderful experience.
An intense course which offered a lot of important details and tips useful for negotiations and dispute resolution.
Very good! The examples provided in the course makes it unique and extremely valuable! The final exercise is great!
clearly demonstrating, offering a lot of real cases, I see the differences between my teacher and Professor George.
The course has been so useful to me. I've learned negotiation strategies very well. the instructor of the is good.
The course content has been so incredible. Thanks for the privilege to take the course.Thanks to all facilitators.
very practical. The tutor is well active with learners and the course has both business and personal implications.
Thanks!Very interesting course with a lot of practice examples. Introduces usefull traps for everyday negotiation.
Highly recommended course. Wide range of concepts are provided by Professor George Siedel, in an engaging manner.
A positive learning experience for me.Great delivery.The lessons are practicalized to a great extent.Nice course.
Great course, I advise everyone who has a profession or vocation to engage in business conversations with people!
Superb course material and the best instructor! All the skills and strategies taught are practically applicable.
Professor Seidel was great in his delivery of the course material and how he set up the structure of the course.
It is very informative and useful not in professional but in personal life.Thank you to Professor George Siedel.
This course was very challenging for me but it was delightful. I would highly recommend this course to everyone.
Excellently taught and well presented with ample explanations and real-life scenarios and examples which follow.
Thank you ！I am really appreciating the teacher‘s work . I give my best wish to the classmates and the teacher .
This course would be of much help in the future. Thanks a ton to the Coursera and the Professor for this course.
EXCELLENT COURSE, GREAT TEACHER EDUCATION, IT WAS A HONOR MAKE TO TAKE THE COURSE OF THIS CONCEPTED UNIVERSITY.
This course is prepared in an excellent manner to help learners with various negotiation skills and strategies.
The professor was extremely engaging and I liked his actual examples from his experience working in this field.
Outstanding class. Explanations and examples were in plain English, not legalese. The best I've taken  Coursea,
It is a great course. It helped me develop deep understading of the tools and techniques. Thanks you Professor.
This is a very useful course, the teacher is very professional and nice. Thanks for sharing the course with us.
Outstanding content for any profession or walk of life. I wish I would have had this course about 10 years ago!
The best course to negotiate successfully. The knowledge can be applied both in our personal life and at work.
This course is quite educative. I will encourage processionals in all kinds of disciplines to take the course.
This is absolutely fantastic!!! I recommend this to any body who wish to be a best life player and negotiator.
It's helpful and selfless to create a course like this for students, so my review is 5 stars just like others.
I highly recommend to take this course and learn useful and significant skills which will help you everywhere.
Learned a lot in this course. Found it to be very practical and I use these tactics often. Highly recommended.
This is an interesting course includes different scenarios. Gives thorough understanding of negotiation space.
Good course for those who want to learn about negotiations. I like very much the videos with all the examples.
Helped me gain interest in ADR and techniques. Maybe I can pursue this field professionally. Its interesting.
sir was learnt outstanding in Courseraeven they much more experience in our life  thanks to learn negotiation
very clear, professor shows super knowledge in what he is providing and a fantastic course for self educating
Excellent course that can be use to build up experience, I do appreciate the lecturer and material presented.
I am halfway through the course and I love it. Great professor, very useful and practical. Highly recommended
Great instructor- I loved the smooth flow of the study material and the knowledge gained in such short time.
A great course to learn how to be a good negotiator! With engaging lecturer and cases to apply in real life.
Great course! I learned a lot of content and was able to tie in back into what I learned in Follett's class.
Very useful course which gave a good insight on all aspects of negotiation. Well explained and illustrated.
Valuable information and knowledge obtained from this course special thanks to our great Prof.George Siedel
One of the most important skills that you can acquire for improving your results in business and not only !
George is an expert in this area and I am pleased that I have come to know a lot of this around negotiation
Fantastic.  I learned so much.  This course nearly made me want to apply to U MI! Really incredible course.
THIS IS THE BEST ONLINE PROGRAM I HAVE EVER HAD. I LIKE THE WAY IT BROADEN MY THINKING DEXTERITY. THANK YOU
Great content and excellent examples given by professor. The course was interesting as well as informative.
Professor Siedel made these tricky concepts really easy to understand and apply. Loved his teaching style!
Very interesting course! I wish everyone would take part in the class...awesome...well done Prof. Sieldel!
Very useful, i learned a lot,The instructor is really good and all the time is a continuos apprenticeship.
i have learnt a lot from this lessons, not only theoretical knowledge, but also very practical strategies.
Comprehensive and detail explanation with case study help begineer understand basics of negotiation skill
Great course.  Wish we had more practice negotiations for the end of the course.  That was very valuable.
Great course with valuable information. I would highly recommend it for anyone in sales/business as well.
Super Learning, very practical and very explanatory. I really learn a lot of life lessons in this course.
Really useful negotiation course that covers all its stages through great examples. Totally recommend it.
Excellent course. Very easy to follow, and puts up some good challenges. And George is very knowledgable.
A great course! I am really happy with the knowledge I'm taking from it.George Siedel is a great mentor.
The course was excellent.  very Interactive, great message boards, entertaining/interesting. Well done !
Detailed yet concise course, recommended for anyone that negotiates, be it in business or personal life.
Much more interesting than i initially expected, and also some good tips on learning a very useful skill
Very useful course and the new learnings will completely change my style of approach when dealing people
excellent course highly recommended to working professionals looking for practicable tools and solutions
Brought a great change in day to day negotiation by improving and strengthening the approach towards it.
I learned a lot of negotiation skills and so on. I can use them in my daily life and work. It's amazing!
I enjoyed this course!  Got what I was looking for - a good understandings of the basics of negotiation.
Good in-depth course syllabus and lectures are paced well. Covered all points important in negotiations.
Great course! It was an opportunity for me to delve into negotiations despite my engineering background.
It provided a really useful framework covering all steps of negotiation. I would definitely recommend it
I never thought I would learn so much, such a great mentor. Thanks Sir.  I will keep in touch with you.
This is one of the greatest and incisive mooc I have ever taken. George siedel is indeed a great  tutor
it is a very good course.helps to learn a lot about practical life.makes everyone to be more confident.
Great Course taught brilliantly by the professor with great in-dept. knowledge and good course material
This course is really Amazing. I would learn this over and over. It was really worth the time and money
A professional course with the best of learning outcome which make it easier to face the outside world.
Very good course. Clear and usefull material and a lot of case studies. I strong recommend this course.
I loved this course, and i'm so happy to have been learned a lot with the best professor of negotiation
Awesome professor, great class. Very informative and practical for today's required business skill set.
It's a great course! It's possible learn plenty of skill for negotiation and gather a lots information!
It has been very interesting and dynamic. Congratulations to the professor. Many thanks.Regards,Agustin
This is an excellent educational tool for sharpening   your own strength.
thank you so much Coursera .
Very good and useful lectures. I benefit from it a lot. I begin to like negotiation with other people.
Excellent course. Highly recommended for those looking to get into negotiations or general marketing .
I’m so thrilled and happy to be part of this magnificent course, cannot Waite to join another courses.
Very nice course. I learnt a lot. Real life cases made the subject easy to understand and interesting.
Great course, especially helpful for personal development because it requires more practical exercise.
One of the best courses i have ever had, it keeps you focused and the learning is of excellent quality
What an experience it has been ! Thankyou Mr. George Siedel Sir for this amazing learning experience.
The course is exceptionally good. Relevant content and well presented by the knowledgeable professor.
Challenged me and I loved that. Learned a lot and I am excited to use my polished negotiating skills.
Good platform to improve our skills.Its really appreciate the team of coursera.So much to learn here.
It was a great learning experience. Everything was explained  so beautifully.  Thank you so much sir.
It is an excellent course to strengthen your negotiating skills and broaden your horizons. Thank you!
The course is a very good one, so broad and it entails what makes one able to negotiate successfully.
It´s a great an awesome opportunity to learn about Negotiation and how to apply it in our daily life.
This is an outstanding course and highly recommended for anyone that needs to move around in society.
Excellent course to know how to negociate from the beggining of a negotiation to the end of it. 10/10
This course opened my mind to several things that I never thought about before. This course is great!
Currently enrolled. Seems very well structured and - so far - is full of high-quality useful content!
Very good experiences and explainations from the professior. Hope you guys enjoy this course as i did
Good coverage of theme. Excellent lecturer. Up-to-date, wide range of examples. Practice-orientated.
Excellent, The pace at which the course is conducted is perfect to make notes, comprehend and absorb
Very interesting course and the book. The examples are very interesting  ! I recommend this course !
The course helped me to get basic and some advanced techniques of negotiations. Thanks for lecturer!
Great course, information in useful and practical. A lot of examples and interesting facts, stories.
Great course, lots of practical examples and the instructor broke all the concepts down very easily.
very good. I learned o lot by this course for it provides a broaden horizon of knowledge and skills!
The course gives a lot of practical example to explain the concept. I found the course really nice.
The course is amazing. It provides deep insight and practical examples to learn art of negotiation.
This is a very skillful course, precious for those who are looking for basic negotiation knowledge.
Necessary course to become an expert in negotiations. It made to feel like a successful negotiator.
Well explained, good difficulty level. Puts a very satisfying emphasis on ethics and common growth.
Good content and a Great trainer made it exuberant, entertaining and educating . Kudos to the team.
One of the bests courses someone could take.is a profesional boost and also a personal improvement.
Absolutely amazingly presented, very understandable and a great thing to do when you have the time.
Can not expect that Negotiation skills contain so much information and the exam is quite difficult.
Great Course with new terminology to learn, especially for those who have no idea about negotiation
One of the best teachers I've ever heard on the online courses.Thank you very much mr. George Siede
One of the best online classes I've ever taken ! Thank you very much for the interesting lessons !
I’ve learn many modern techniques
to have a successful negotiations and also to apply it to my job
This was an amazing course with practical applications. Lovely offering and many thanks to George.
Thank you, this is a very good course, I enjoyed. For me it is very practical for business issues.
Excellent course, very objective and Mr. Siedel is a great teachet bringing real cases at the room
Great course, a lot of practical knowledge that really comes in handy in the business development.
Superb! Well articulated lecturer, practical real-life examples and you cant but love this course.
Enjoyed it a lot, very good lecturer! Like his book too. Definitely will recommend to other people
Really good theoretical knowledge in simple words and easy to understand for a non-native speaker
Very useful with good material.  Excellent instructor with right pace for international students.
Wonderful knowledgeable course gained allots of information through course to develop new skills.
Sensational. The course was exactly what I needed to improve my negotiation techniques in my job.
Very nice and in-depth explanation about Negotiation strategies.  We versed course with examples.
Very Good Course to Understand the Negotiations Skills , which you can apply in your Career Level
The teacher really consider the students from different countries make the course in a good path.
Many thanks to George Siedel for providing this amazing opportunity. It was such a great course!
nicely done and organized But the final exam is very large and it will be nice if it was shorter
An amazing course. The mentor is amazing and explains in such detail. You never get bored at all
Great Course content and well delivered! Well done Prof. George Siedel. 5 stars!-PresidentBryan!
very efficient, clmear to understand. last test is pretty difficult, I was super proud to  pass.
Professor is very kind, he likes to smile to you to share his experience.May you walk in beauty.
Helpful material for negotiators and for everyday life. Excellent professor, made the class fun.
The contents are clearly explained. Example cases are accommodating the understanding  process.
Excellent and simplified explanation of concept using real examples and issues by Prof George !
I really liked this course. It was interesting and easy for understanding. Thank you very much!
This course has it all, theory and practical examples. It's well arranged for easy assimilation
Real Good Course for Anyone in Business where you need to Negotiate with Suppliers / Customers.
Very good course. Well prepared and full of usefull basic information for young negotiatiors ;)
Very Dynamic, makes course very interesting and fun! BEST NEGOTIATION COURSE I HAVE EVER TAKEN.
Thank you so much for provding quality content. This is the best thing in coursera. Keep it up.
This course made me think of several practical issues about the negotiation in our daily life.
Wonderful course for students and business personals. I highly recommend the course to others.
This is course has really helped me in both professional and personal life choices! Thank you!
GREAT COURSE , WHICH IS ESSENTIAL IN ALMOST EVERY FIELD .EVEN THE SIR GEORGE TEACH VERY WELL:)
Great course and I want to thank Professor Siedel for sharing his knowledge about negotiation.
Amazing, effective and interesting course! You can use the knowledge right after you heard it.
great course, very informative, very useful for strategies for our personal and business lives
It's  a mandatory course for all, profession doesn't matter.  thanks to prof. for this course
love the vast knowledge of information given throughout the course. the instructor is awesome
Great course! Loved the negotiation exercise at the end and it's debrief! Highly recommended!
The course has been really useful to have a structured approach to my daily job. Very useful.
Excellent course, excellent instructor, excellent course material just what everyone needs:-)
Excellent course for a structured and well-rounded understanding of the "Art of Negotiation".
A very good course. I would only add the need to translate into other languages (Portuguese).
it feels great to listen to such courses with experienced professors...I am happy about it...
It was a good learning, gain knowledge on some of the fundamentals of stratergic negotiation
Get to know ZOPA, BATNA, Stretch Goals, Reservation price. Ethics , ADR , Decision Tree etc.
Really interesting course that provides easy tips for negotiating at work and in daily life!
It was very exquisite! Learned so much about negotiation skills and right strategies to use.
Very good. Here you have opportunity to rethink about all kinds of negotiation in your life.
Excellent course... Very nice insights. And tough exam as well. Study well to get certified.
An excellent course that challenges you to test yourself and apply everything you've learnt.
It helps you to get the skills to negotiate....plan and strategy before you get to negotiate
Great class! The Professor did a great job in explaining the concepts and how to apply them.
Absolutely amazing course! A lot more challenging than I expected, but more than delivered.
This is an excellent course, and it is applicable to everyday life (business and personal).
This is a really informative course, but at the same time George makes it fun and engaging.
Excellent experience, it's very clear and with the cases are very simple for understanding.
Very useful and simple enough, even if you are not working in the field it will be helpful.
Very interesting, concise yet not limited. Practical, great professor and teaching material
Really useful, though some of the ADR methods are not common in my city, still pretty good.
Thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to study at Coursera University Michigan
It was a great learning about negotiaton & strategies or technique to be a good negotiator
It's really great experience. To learn this type course that conducted by this university.
Excellent Professor! I love University of Michigan so much!! Thank you for the opportunity
Great course! I am on the second week and it has already helped me in numerous situations!
Great course, learned a lot and already come across situations where I can find it useful!
Excelent Course. Very glad to learn new strategies and overviews for future negotiations.
A course that teaches you some specific technical issues, that many others will never do.
Excellent course, It´s really clear and complete. You can enjoy learning. Thanks for all.
This is an excellent course. Prof. Siedel is one of the finest professor I have ever met.
Great course! It was a great experience to learn new things about successful negotiation!
just loving the way arbitration , negotitaion and mediation are explained. really good!!!
I loved every word and principle of this course! Thank you so much for this opportunity!
Excellent. This exceeded my expectations. I was expecting something much less technical.
Awesome course! I learned so much from this. I would love to meet George Siedel one day.
After successful completion, answer key to final quiz may be shared for self evaluation.
highly recommended, negotiation is not only in business but in every day life situations
This course is so great, the teacher is really good and the content is really magnifying
I really liked the course and i like the way the course has been taught by Prof. Siedel.
Wonderful course on negotiation. Would recommend this course with book "Getting to Yes".
Excellent course. It gives wonderful tools in order to conduct a successful negotiation.
Excellent Course and Excellent instructor. Love the way the instructor choose to teach.
I really liked it. He is an excellent instructor who knew how to share many experiences
I learned much from the course. Thank coursea very much! Thank the professor very much!
I'm not i college yet and i already know better than people who are, excellent course!
i was very pleased that the course helped m devolop communicatin and negotiation skils
Excellent teaching methodology. Engaging content especially due to real life examples.
Great course!Great instructor!Great content and real life examples!Tough final exam ^^
It was a great experience. This course has definitely enhance my skills and knowledge.
It is very important and useful in personal and professional life to growth in career.
I learned alot from this class. I am sure that this course will help me in the future!
Really great course. A must for business graduates and useful in your day to day life.
Excellent course! Great tips, very well explained and with lots of examples!Well done!
Great course. Stages are excellent the professor was very clear and wise. Just loved !
Got to learn few strategies that will eventually help to crack in some deals I reckon
One of the best Courses I visited. Clear, easy to understand and full with knowledge.
Very well detailled, the teacher has very nice way to teaching without beeing boring.
Quite efficient and necessary course.And the course teacher is awesome.Thank you sir.
George Sidel is an amazing teacher. made this look so much fun and made it enjoyable.
Its and wonderful experience with coursera online learning helpful in achieving goal.
Clear explanation and great examples. Practice , in week 6, is a great wrap up.Thanks
There are a lot of useful theories and strategies in practice, which is very helpful.
have helped in navigating through the fallacies that surrounded me about negotiation.
A wonderful course covering both the psychological and legal aspects of Negotiation.
A high quality course with good content, a pleasant voice and interesting exercises.
The information is very useful for me, I do sales for work. The final exam is tough!
All the examples used enhance the understanding and explain the concept accurately .
It is a very nice course that taught me the basics of negotiations and contract law.
The course was worth the effort if only for the final simulation. A real eye-opener!
Fundamental course for business man! Thank professor George Siedel for your lesson!
I liked it a lot! I got new skills and would recommend to take course to my friends
i found this course very useful. in our everyday life this skill is very essential.
It's an excellent tool for understand many things about several negotiations kinds.
This course will broaden your horizons. Professor Siedel is a fantastic instructor!
Excellent content, structure and delivery. Thank you for this course!! Very useful.
Thank you for sharing this knowledge! The course made the topic easy to understand.
Very good course. Covers the key aspects of negotiation in useful bitesized pieces.
Wow!  I really learned a lot in this course!  I will certainly be recommending this
Excellent Course Instructor and content, learn much more than I initially expected
The instructor is very erudite. He knows how to attract audience. May he live long
Great course to take, the material is good and the teacher explains all in detail.
This course is fantastic! Highly recommended! The professor is very knowledgeable.
Great learning and amazing teaching by Progessor George Siedel.Thank you very much
Very good material content and Lecturer George is fantastic with great experience.
Easy, understandable - perfect! New experience and lessons for my bright future :)
Lays out a clear framework that's easy to understand, and implement in daily life.
I appreciate this course because has some examples practical and good explanations
i need to finish it and try to use what i learn in this course to my lawyers life.
Very usefull to negotiate  on the buisness world by a  strategic view and not only
they really break down the subject and they get right to the point and i like that
Couldn't imagine that this course would be as good as it was. I've learned a lot!
Excellent course. The concepts are explained very nicely with very good examples.
Great teacher, good real case scenario, but missing some more outside-US-examples
A great course on a subject that is so handy, both in day-to-day life and at work
Covered so much material in such short time, made it easy to understand, amazing.
Great course and highly recommend it. The content is relevant and easy to follow.
This was one of the best courses I have ever taken. Really life changing/growing!
The learning here is comprehensive and tutor has an exceptional skill in teaching
Great professional course.. Added a great value to my CV.. Thank you Coursera....
Excellent organization of concepts and strategies from an experienced instructor.
Professor Siedel makes this course the most interesting with some great examples.
This was a very helpful course. There were many life examples and useful advice.
A very well explained course that I would recommend everyone interested to take.
HA SIDO UN RETO FANTASTICO ESTE CURSO, GRACIAS AL PROFESOR Y AL TRADUCTOR.!!!!!!
Some People  have Inborn Skills others  Need To Learn The Skills . Good learning
Great Course , Great Instructor , Must do course for some good life hacks hahaha
I would suggest this course. I earned the fact that Negotiations can be win-win.
This course was interesting and instructive, I thoroughly enjoyed it, thank you!
Have never heard such yseful information, Coursera inspired for new achievements
It was really a good course. Because I can do this course from anywhere anytime.
I have Learnt a lot in this course so I want to recommend all students out there
Greate course. Covers a lot of topics. Thank you for making it available for us.
The subject of this course is excellent and important for us in our career path.
Excellent course, excellent professor, one of the best experiences of my studies
Great course. Highly recommended for enhancing thinking and negotiation skills.
I was able to take a wonderful class and had a very fulfilling time. Thank you‼
One of the best courses to learn the science and techniques behind negotiation.
Fantastic course , framed in a very strategic manner by a very charming person.
loved each second of it. kindly notify me if this professors teach anything new
Learned about the real world negotiation issues & found these very interesting.
Very useful  learning , i found scientific  methods  to negotiate successfully.
This course gave some very good and useful insights on negotiation and its tact
Excellent presentation and planification, and very useful book from the teacher
I loved it that much, that I am going to pay for the certificate. Great course.
Amazing! Supreme quality! I have really learned skills for the rest of my life!
It was a beautiful experience. Got to know many things in such short duration.
very useful concepts which can be utilized in all aspects of life and buseinss
It was really good course,really helpful in daily life negotiations situations
Great course, recommend you all that want to improve your ability to negotiate
Course to application of strategic negotiation and changes in the organization
I know that the tools I learned in this course will help me for years to come.
I loved it! Very interesting and hepfull to develop great negotiation skills.
very useful course, important for everyone working in corporate organisation.
Thank you Prof. George Siedel, the exam was so hard, but finally I got 93.33%
Well done, Professor Siedel. I hope I haven't misspelled your Name this time.
Great curs! l liked when the  course contain a lot of  practice and feedback!
The best course of negotiation!! I really enjoyed and learned a lot of things
This is a great course i´m very  happy of have taken class with this teacher.
Very interesting and helpful course. Many thanks to Professor George Siedel.
This curse is Fantastic! The Professor is Excpetional! Very Good Instructor.
Excellent course with practical approach and examples. Learned a lot. Thanks
Professor Siedel  is an amazing teacher and the course content is very good.
Way better than expected! Well structured and I learnt plenty of new things!
A fantastic and thorough overview of the skills and theories of negotiation!
I learnt so much from this course that will be very useful to me in soonest.
this is the first course for me but its really good  and useful  in our life
Learn a lot very practical skills from the course. Excellent and recommended
The course is structured and practical. I find it very useful in daily life.
I love this course because it taught me how to become successful negotiator
Excellent course in all aspects. Highly recommended. Greetings from Brazil.
Excellent course to hone negotiation skills. It was a worthwhile experience
The Course was amazing, specially the case studies which were so practical.
I really enjoyed this course.  Very hands-on. Compact but excellent format.
well designed course material with excellent illustration by the instructor
This course offers excellent tools and case scenarios. I really enjoyed it.
It works! Moreover it works very efficiently. Mr.Siedel talks smart things!
Good intro on how to approach deals making and dispute resolution analysis.
Well explained and i loved the examples the teacher gave during the course
A very helpful course. Helped me to understand the process of negotiation.
It is not only an experience of science and work but an experience of life
Excellent course! this course is so important to people studied business.
I recommend this course, I learned about having a successful negotiation.
Awesome course, gain valuable information regarding the negotiation skill
This is such a good course! Mind cracking but you'll learn a lot from it!
Very helpful and many insightful training course on the relevant subject.
I learned a lot! It had the perfect balance of lecture and participation.
Best one, a complete practical problem solving course for professionals .
Excellent course, very crisp and to the point explanation....examples use
This course is well organized and easy to understand. I really enjoy it !
First negotiation course. It was very useful for me. Thank you very much!
Its an excellent course with a lot of insights about negotiation skills.
Learnt alot from this course. Thanks Coursera. Thanks George Siedel Sir.
Beautifully explained with relevant and interesting real world examples.
although the quiz was sort of difficult the course was very interesting.
It was phenomenal!! Great skills and an asset to my professional career.
This is a great course. It is applicable for business and personal life.
A great course with very good examples. Must needed for all sales people
A great course to learn the platform for negotiation and concepts to use
excellent and worthwhile. Professor is a gentleman, who thoroughly expla
A really good tool to understanding how works the world of negotiations!
Great course! simple, straight to the point, and good exercises to learn
The best education during this times of uncertainty and volatile market
This course is for a though thinker and its brain tasking too. Nice one
I am happy I took the course, its definitely useful in my line of work.
Excelent course. I will apply to all negotiation I will do from now on.
its really great learning and suggest every one gone through the course
This course has taught me a lot of stuff. And the teacher is excellent.
very interesting and very well structured. Online learning is possible!
Useful course and highly recommended! Easy to understand and practical.
its is awesome platform for the people who are interested in this field
Very good course, exceeds expectations as well as an excellent teacher.
Excellent course and George makes the difference. Thaks for everything!
This course is awesome not just for negotiating, but for everyday life!
An amazing teacher for an amazing course.I'm very pleased, I recommand.
Well presented and coherent material. I highly recommend these classes.
Great material and structure!I just started Week 2 but already like it!
Great course!! I recommend to learn it! Really interesting and usefull!
Very useful course for learning negotiating skills, highly recommended.
Great teaching! Very interesting course, easy to understand. Thank you!
Really good program, amazing profesor. I really enjoy this opportunity.
Excellent Course if You have an interest towards laws and contracting.
Great course for any human being dealing with people on a daily basis.
A very good course to refresh or to initiate a Negotiation techniques.
An excellent in course in understanding the techniques of negotiation.
Mr. Seidel is an amazing professor. The Class was fun and informative.
Excellent course, had a tough time clearing the test but was worth it.
I think this course is excellent for learning, I really learned a lot.
good platform to learn about different marketing strategies and skills
Amazing! So many great psychological concepts involved in deal making.
good level of depth and clear explanation with a lot of good examples.
Excellent Course. I would love to do another course with Prof. Siedel.
Nice course and material!! Really help me in my career of negotiation.
Loved the experience, learned so much...Thank you so much professor!!
this course is very essential for people pursuing career in business.
It was a great bomb course! Definitely will use this in my day by day
I have learnt many aspects of negotiations and have up skilled myself
Good, easy to follow lessons that can be applied to all walks of life
it is a very useful course, you can apply in every area of your life.
I strongly recommend this course to any person in the business world.
It was a great course that helps me to improve my negotiation skills.
Provides you with a framework on how to prepare, negotiate and agree,
There are two eras in life. Before this course and after this course.
amazing teacher, very clear messages, funny and real-world situations
Very structured in depth course on negotiations.  I've learned a lot!
this  is an amazing course for every student to enhance their career.
Very informative, really enjoyed the course and learnt a great deal.
Really easy to follow and convenient to work around my full time job
It's a worthwhile experience, great instructor, insightful lectures.
I am from Pakistan. it was great, i learnt a lot. Thank you so much.
Thank youThis course gave me the necessary experience in negotiation
Thank you Mr. Siedel!Interesting, the more interactive - the better!
One of the most well spent screen time I have done in my entire life
course material was very informative and also the teacher was a pro.
So interesting and useful, I strongly recommend taking this course.
amazing course. suggest you to pursue this one. Totally worthy one.
An amazing experience with this new learning. Had a very great time
Best Course on Negotiation with all the details and great examples.
Excellent course which teaches some complex issues in Negotiation!!
Excellent review of basic law and negotiations. Highly recommended!
Absolutely tremendous course on negotiations. Unbelievable quality!
wonderful course!! useful for everyone in any Phase of life and job
Highly recommend this great course with a broad extend of subjects.
this course improve my skills, and the professor is a professional.
Maybe the best non computer science related course I have ever took
Essential course that teaches skills that can be used by everyone.
Awesome thank you so much for your knowledge. I loved this course.
it`s very helpful course for me. video & Notse was very Important.
Very useful, easy to understand, high quality professor, enjoyable
Great professional to brush up skills and knowledge Thanks a lot !
Thanks to Professor George J. Siedel ,  I really like this course.
Very nice course to build up a foundation for an  essential skill.
Brilliant Explanation, Great examples Too much practical learning
Excellent Coarse and I really like the Instructor, George Siedel.
excellent course for self development in this competitive world..
One of the best skill to have and above all it's in our daily use
Very well articulated. Has a very practical approach. Enjoyed it.
excellent, worth every minute of it. thank you, professor Seidel!
Very interesting course, very illustrative examples and pratices.
extremely useful. I recommend this course to anyone and everyone.
Every single step you need to complete succesfully a negociation.
I learnt some great skills in this course. I highly recommend it.
This is an awesome course which helps you think more critically.
excellent teacher and course was very clear, thank you very much
very interesting course. Thank you for the opportunity to study!
an excellent course where i can in prove my skills an learn more
whole module is formulated in in very good and interactive way..
George Is an excellent teacher, both knowledgeable and engaging.
just fantastic!!!thank you for the chance taking this scourse!!!
Great course. Well taught with illustrative real world examples.
This is a brilliant course with excellent lecturer and contents.
Very interesting and helpful. Excellent and inspiring professor!
Great course, easy to follow and very useful! Highly recommended
It is a good oportynity to get skills for be a good bussines men
very insightful lectures and case practice. strongly recommended
Thank you so much! The proffesor is excellent, I learned a lot!
An amazing course! A must-do for people from any field of life!
Awesome course! great professor, and excellent course materials
It is very intresting course and i learnt many new things in it
Great course! All information structured and a lot of examples.
A challenging and rewarding practical course for any negotiator
Covers a wide array of topics elucidated with suitable examples
This is a great course. I learn a lot of tactics in negotiation
Great professor, with huge experience and interesting examples
very informative course, explanation of teacher is magnificent
this course has definitely helped me to do better negotiations
Great content, George Seidel is an excellent professor as well
really enjoyed the material ! was really interesting to listen
It's very useful course not only in business but also in life.
Good to get psychological and procedural tools for negotiation
Lots of real-world examples and a very well structured course.
Excellent.... this course improved my negotiation skills......
That was a great experience!!!! thank you again Prof. Siedel!!
amazing course, tons of Usefull information great experience!!
This was excellent course and I learned alot things from it .
Super course and got excellent learning regarding negotiation
Great door opener into the complex world that is negotiation!
Awesome, learnt so much real life scenarios. It's eye opening
It was an eye opening course and I am glad I took the course.
One the best courses you could get, for your self improvement
Just started the course, and i am enjoying very much. Thanks.
Learned quite a lot of best practices on how to do negotation
Excelent foundation for Negotiation at business corporations.
I had gained a lot of experience from this course, fantastic!
i hav had this subjectin college so i could complete it asap
Excellent Teaching with great examples from practical world.
Enthaustatic  content to learn an HR management negotiation.
Very conceptual with practical approach. Highly recommended.
The teaching technique and the teacher are both outstanding.
we good and excellent  Essential Strategies and Skills curse
Very useful.  Paced appropriately for working professionals.
Great course!. It's bring knowledge that something did work.
It was informative and it will be an asset to me on the job.
A must do program the presenter is totally doing a great job
I learnt a lot. Although, I have to finish this course soon.
The course is really useful for the whole aspect of my life.
Excellent course for  contract negotiation. I learned a lot.
Excellent course for everybody to gain broader perspective.
The professor is excellent. One of the best that i ever had
It really helped me in improvising my skills of negotiation
Excellent professor and high quality material distribution.
A Good Course in order to succesfully learn some new skills
I learned very useful skills and tactics from this course!!
This course is simply one of the best I have already taken.
great! I loved it.  Thanks for sharing knowledge and skills
This was an eye opener, thank you very much for this course
I liked very much. It is simple and use full for no lawyers
Useful, clear and simple. George Siedel is a great teacher.
i loved this courses this is very attractive and reasonable
nice experience with simple and in easy way of full course
Super!!!  Now I will apply the knowledge in everyday life!
Very interesting course and I would recommend to everyone.
The Course was excellent and very applicable to my career.
Very helpful in business and personal future negotiations!
Real life lessons! It´s something all people should learn.
Course covers a lot of theoretical aspects of negotiation.
very inspiring  everyone must take these courses very good
A great course and a fantastic introduction to negotiation
THE BEST STRATEGIC COMMUNICATION COURSE I HAVE EVER SEEN.
one of the best and most valuable course i have ever done
Absolutely Amazing Course. I loved it. You are my mentor.
Exellent course. And an excellent teacher Prof Siedel is.
Very useful for daily life or job task. keep it up. Thank
A good course if u want to increase ur negotiation skills
Excellent course, I found it very useful and interesting.
Amazing course, and outstanding lecturer. I learnt a lot!
Very helpful for my career. Thank you very much professor
Learnt a lot. I'll recommend it to everyone I know.thanks
Great course to learn how to approach a hard negotiation.
Excelent teacher!  Excelent course! I strongly recommend!
Excellent course...excellent professor. Highly recommend.
My favorite course on Coursera so far. Useful for anyone.
Great course, I learned very interesting keys and skills.
Awesome information and couldn't be delivered any better!
Wonderful. It's very worthy to attend this course. Thanks
Clear and practical.Excellent mix of theory and examples.
In progress actually, but I already approve the methods !
George Siedel is a great professor. I loved this course.
Excellent teacher, thank you very much for the knowledge
The course was very good and very specific on the topics
Great course to learn how to become a better negotiator!
I enjoyed the course and the instructor was really good!
A Nice course, Must do for All Management professionals.
It was wonderful gaining experience through this course.
It is very good. I have learned a lot about negotiation.
Excellent step towards improving communication skills...
great course highly understandable   time well spent!!!!
Very pretty ,I believe you will learn something suprise.
Great course, rich for information, full of useful tips.
Fantastic professor! Very clear and professional course
This is a fantastic structured course. I learned a lot.
It was a great course with lots of practical knowledge.
Great lecturer, easy to follow and very useful content!
Excellent course facilitated by a competent instructor.
Excellent Course, beautifully illustrated, aptly paced!
This course is really interesting and very well taught.
Amazing Course. Definite for any MBA grad or aspirants.
It was a very good learning for me in the last 2months
I had an insightful learning session with this course.
Thank you very much, it was a very interesting course.
Great tutor, great content, great learning experience!
Excellent course, a complete toolbox for negotiations!
Learned really much, very useful and also interesting!
A good course which informs about the necessary skills
great! i would also particiapte in an advanced course.
You'll be surprised by the importance of this class...
Good learning with great examples and friendly coach.
very good course and it contains a lot of information
Engaging Teaching and also fun! Thanks, Prof. Siedel!
Very Helpful logic building and personal development
Supremely interesting and a well-structured program.
I like the course, it was a little bit long and hard
Good course contentLecturer is good and knowledgable
love Professor Siedel and how he teaches the course!
Excellent Course, This course is the way to success!
One of the most practical course I have ever passed.
Great course, even for the experienced negotiators.
Very helpful course, thanks professor and coursera!
very effective teaching. Very knowledgable  teacher
A good Course on Negotiation Strategies and Skill .
Very well explained. Clear and concise information.
It is a wonderful course, great learning!Thank you.
Very interesting subject with an excelent teacher .
excelent course, all the way from Monterrey, Mexico
Excellent lessons. Still continuing with lessons...
one of the best online courses i have ever attended
Excellent instructor and great real life examples.
It was quite an informative and educational course
Excellent, very well structered. Reall enjoyed it!
Best course and I enjoyed a lot during the course.
excellent course very informative and new learning
This was an excellent course of Negotiation Skills
Will definitely recommend it and totally worth it!
Is a Must if you want to start your own Busniess .
very tough to get and had a very great experience!
enjoyed the course. hoping to use it in real life!
Simply the best course ever on this topic. Thanks!
Excellent course ... Thank you very much Professor
Informative, well prepared andenlightening course!
The professor is awesome and should get an award.
Very complete and excellent teacher by the way!!!
Very knowledgeable course and the faculty is good
It's a really useful Course. Thank you Mr. Siedel
REALLY USEFUL COURSE FOR LIFE. AS SIMPLE AS THAT.
This is great course and I strongly recommend it.
Excellent course to improve my negotiation skills
Great learning, must do to be a Great Negotiator!
one of the best experience of my learning career.
Very interesting and full of ideas to negotiation
Abolutely astonishing and very easy to understand
I like the course is life learning usefull tools.
Very interesting and useful, I really enjoyed it.
So good make me concentrate about this  learning
The course was excellent.  I have learned a lot.
Just awesome! Great professor. Must take course.
an excellent course with good real life examples
The No.1 course everybody should learn for life!
really useful and a lot of illuminating examples
Gave So much interest while pursuing this course
excellent and interesting course, well explained
This course is awesome! I learned a lot from it.
Excellent teacher and course. Congratulations!!!
I LOVED THE COURSE ,the teaching was EXCELLENT.
Good knowledge. But the contract part is boring
very helpful and interesting highly recommended
Best negotiation course i have ever come across
One of the best course for marketing personnels
Though quite difficult but at end good learning
it is very informative and well designed course
The greatest online course I have taken so far!
For me, this was the best practice online ever!
So many examples were given, Easy to understand
Excellent. Insightful, conceptual and holistic.
Great content, Professor's really good. Thanks!
Very very very excellent course and instructor.
Great Professor. Great Content. Great Learning
the course is very useful, clear and motivate!
Excellent skills that I learnt in this course.
Very nice way to learn things in limited time.
Thank you so much for this course, Mr. Siedel.
one of the most useful and interesting courses
Very good topic , opens different perspectives
One of the best courses I have ever completed.
A must need course for any management student.
Impressive course and content. well presented.
This is a great course and it is very helpful!
The best course to improve negotiation skills
Very nice course ! I strongly recommend it :D
It was great learning & amazing experience...
Liked it. Little heavy on contracts. But okay
Great learning! Enjoyed the course immensely.
Thank You so much George!! really enjoyed it.
One of my favourite lecturer. Brilliant work!
this course looks motivation contract mission
Great course, very good negotiation material.
Intelligent, smart and engaging!-- Thank you!
Awesome explanation for each and everything.
Thanks Professor! It is very helpful for me.
it is really useful and interesting course !
very much helpful for every business student
I felt really great while doing this course.
Awesome experience in going thru the modules
Excellent tools for real life negotiations!!
Interestful and complete! Thanks from Italy!
Very in-depth/technical look into the topic.
Great course content and excellent delivery.
Great course and very interesting professor.
My BATNA increased due to taking this course
Direct, and valuable. Well worth time spent.
So fun and interesting. REALLY well done!!!
Excellent Delivery with exemplary narrative
The professor can receive only the maximum.
Excellent Couse. Greatly improved my tradin
It was too good.Iike the way you guys teach
Great professor. Totally worth the time. :)
Absolutely Essential Foundation for the Art
It is very useful, simple and Professional.
never loved an online course such as this !
I really enjoyed this course.  Many thanks.
Great book and great content on the course.
Excellent course! Very easy to be involved!
very helpful in sales related negotiations
Amazing! George Siedel is a great teacher.
A perfect teaching. Good course to attend.
I should get a soft copy of my certificate
it is worth to learn the Negotiation skill
value course . either for or for business!
Great course, I recommend it to everyone!!
interesting course...enjoyed it thoroughly
Very practical, concise, lots of examples.
Learned a lot from this course. Excellent!
Very good professor !thank you so much Sir
Great course especially with doctor Siedel
Very good, interesting, amazing professor.
Good Course, help you to improve yourself
Very well explained. Thankyou sir George.
Very nice course! A must-do for everyone.
Very understandable, especially with book
amazing course for first time negotiators
Very interesting and brilliant professor.
nice course . i enjoyed doing this course
I'd like to have answers to my final exam
Awesome Presenter, fantastic preparation!
learning a lot and like the way its going
very challenging course. I learned a lot.
Very helpful coures, strongly recommended
i took great experience from this course.
Very good course for daily life and work.
Useful, entertaining and simply amazing!
It was very good love the teaching style
One of the best online courses i've made
I strongly recommend ti take this course
The course was very useful. Thank you :)
Instructor was very good in his teaching
Nice course, you should try this course.
Essential learnings! A must-have course.
This course is very good for our futures
IT IS A GOOD AND VERY INTERESTING COURSE
The content and the explaination by Mr G
Genuinely, one of the best courses ever.
Interesting, understandable, and logical
A very nice introduction to negotiation.
Great tutor, I truly enjoyed the course!
Great course with must-know information!
excellent guide to basics of negotiation
One of the best Coursera courses. Thanks
Excellent professor, very good material
Very insightful and informative course.
Could not be better... excellent course
Got importat knowledge from this course
Wonderful experience in side the course
Must for everyone, its a great course..
Excellent. Thak you for the opportunity
Very clear and great examples revealed.
It is a good one to have a wide vision.
complex situations explained very easy.
fantastic Professor, fantastic course!!
The best learning experience till date.
Good course added a lot to my Knowledge
Excellent course. Life changing indeed.
I like this course and acquire knowlege
Very good in e-learning on this course
I love it!! the course was incredible.
Thank you Sir! This is a lot to learn.
Great content and excellent professor.
on of the best and eye opening courses
This is an excellent use of your time.
This course help me to deal successful
Excellent course, outstanding teacher!
It's great course, thanks very much.¡¡
Could not recommend more for beginners
Very useful and action oriented course
Great course learn many things from it
I love this course. It is very useful
its wonderful course very informative
Great course material & good content.
Very Good Course. Highly Reccomended!
This is a great course for beginners.
Great material and amazing instructor
Best negotiation course I'v ever had!
Must for all managers and negotiators
Very useful course for my current car
fantastic course, learn a lot from it
This is the best negotiation course.
Very comprehensive and useful course
Really good course! I learned a lot!
It's good course I am useful from it
Had a hard but great time learning!!
Very interesting and useful course !
Thanks to everyone for this course !
very detailed and informative course
Great Course and amazingly taught...
thIs course very usefule for my work
It is very educative and insightful.
It is good and very important course
Great Professor and course.  Thanks!
Great Course, and Great Instructor.
rich information and easy to learn.
Really good and useful information.
Veryusefulforrealtimeimplementation
nice information with good examples
Great value and brilliant professor
A prestigious learning opportunity!
I want certificate send direct link
Excellent course, not to be missed!
Great course...Prof is awesome!!!!!
Fantastic course, highly recommend!
really gain a lot! thanks Michigan.
Clear, complete and well organised.
Loved the course. Very well given!
Very Informative and knowledgeable
this course is very helpful for me
I learned so much!  Thanks George!
Very interesting and useful course
Good content and explaining method
Quality materials, best professor!
Nice opportunity for some learning
The experience was simply amazing!
Happy learning and a lot of gifts!
Great. Can Reduce duration though.
A must do course in today's world!
I was unaware of the negotiating I
excellent course highly recommend!
Hope to learn more at this topic!
Very useful, thank you very much!
A great course to get the basics.
Well done and usefulo. Thank you.
Very good lecture on Negotiation.
Best course on negotiation so far
Amazing course !!!  Great Teacher
This is a truly excellent course.
Great course and the best teacher
Many exempels, Easy to understand
Very Educative. Thank you so much
AN EXCELLENT COURSE FOR BUSINESS
Very Well Designed and Presented
Best instruction for negotiation
Brilliant and highly recommended
I loved every bit of the course.
Great Course, highly recommended
It was an Awesome course .......
Excellent..Thank you so much sir
very useful and very attractive!
Thank you for this great course.
Great Course to Understand Negot
Great course , great experience.
Challenging and very informative
very good and easy to understand
Impressive and practical course.
The best course on negotiations.
It is usefull,fruitfull course.
A great course on negotiations.
I totally recommend this course
Sir George is very informative.
It was really a helpful course!
A Great course. Very insightful
Thank you!!!Amazing knowledge!
Very insightful and effortless
Amazing Course, thanks a Lot!!
Great and good oriented course
100% satisfied with the course
Great teacher, great material!
This was a very helpful class.
Brilliant! It helped me a lot!
Awesome, Learnt something new.
Great course!  Helped me a lot
love the professor and content
Great nego introductory course
Really helpful and practical.
GREAT COURSE ..GREAT TEACHER.
Perfect teacher and materials
very easy and clear to follow
it was an amazing experience.
It's very useful for students
It was a wonderful experience
It's a Great Learning Method.
Amazing source of learning...
Great Course, Full of insight
Awesome course, learnt a lot!
amazing！ easy to understand ~
Great course.Thanks professor
really good I like the course
Really interesting and useful
Great course. I recommend it!
thanks this was very helpful
Thats a great useful course!
Nice course and more helpful
Excellent teacher and course
This is an excellent course.
Very well-structured course!
Very good class! Empowering.
Benefited a lot！Great class！
This course was very helpful
enjoyable and well presented
Very Informative Course ....
the course was very helpful
This course is exceptional!
This course is very nice 👍
Really learn alot of things
This is one of best course.
Awesome course. I loved it.
It was perfect, keep going.
Amazing course and lecturer
Excellent and very helpful.
great course! good content!
Very useful, great teacher!
amazing course, learnt alot
It really helps, thank you.
Fantastic! Easy and useful!
I really like this course.
It was very helpful course
Such a great course it is.
exam was very tough for me
Excellent Training Program
This is an amazing course.
It was very good training.
It's very useful course!!!
the professor is excellent
Learned a ton!  Thank You!
Very good and instructive!
This course is very useful
This course is invaluable.
Highly recommended course!
In one word, It's PERFECT.
Loving this course so far!
Very detailed and helpful!
Amazing Skills and Course
I love Negotiation course
highly recommended course
very helpful & convenient
Great learning experience
Educative and interesting
Life changing experience.
Good learning material...
Very clear and effective.
It was a great learning.
This course is excellent
very interesting course!
It was excellent content
refer my survey feedback
it was a great learning.
It was awesome. I loved!
Really insightful course
great course for anyone
I loved it! Very useful
Excellent course thanks
Indeed a useful course!
AWESOME COURSE. MUST DO
Such an amazing course!
Really useful knowledge
Exceptionally awesome!!
Very good, I recommend.
Very impressive. Thanks
This is really helpful
thankyou Prof. Siedel!
Amazing & Informative!
surely go for this one
A lot of good content!
fantastic introduction
Well-structured course
great course to take!!
Very well paced course
An outstanding course.
Many thanks Professor!
Above my expectations
new knowledge learned
PAR EXCELLENCE COURSE
great course to learn
Great course. Thanks!
Great Course! Love it
A very useful course.
great! learned a lot.
Teacher is excellent.
Absolutely fantastic!
Great helpfull course
Best course ever had!
The best course ever!
that was really great
Highly recommended.!
Very Knowledgeful..!
Excellent Training!!
very usefull course.
Extremely helpful !!
This was just GREAT!
Above expectations!
Awesome experience!
fun to learn course
Want to certificate
thank you very much
very useful course.
it is great Course,
Good to understand.
very helpful course
very helpful,thanks
It was nice course
Highly Recommended
I have a good time
Great Learning (y)
Learnt new skills.
Great information,
Great Course !+++
Worth for time!!!
Highly suggested!
Great Learnt alot
very good teacher
Great Lectures!!!
It helps! Thanks.
very useful class
Great and simple!
Wonderful teacher
Interested topic
super. thank you
very nice course
Very Insightful!
Incredible!!!!!!
It was wonderful
Wonderful course
Absolutely great
Awesome Course !
Very insightfull
i learned a lot
Extra knowledge
Very insightful
Great Professor
Awesome courses
it was great...
Very Intresting
Very satisfied
Thanks Cousera
Great program.
amazing exams!
AMAZING COURSE
Very Helpfull!
Very organized
Very practical
Incredible....
fantastic,good
its very good
Good Learning
Good and nice
Very usefully
Great Course.
Good courses.
Really helped
Fire! Thanks!
The Best!!!!!
Very helpful!
Really good!!
great insight
Informative!!
Loved it !!!
yes use full
it's a must!
Very useful!
It's useful
Loved it!!!
Thamks Alot
Phenomenal!
Was nice👍
thanks you
Thank you!
Thank you.
Helpfully
The best!
Great!!!!
Liked it!
The best.
The best
TOO GOOD
Perfect!
