assignment which was submitted has not been reset and now I am not recieving my certificate
i finished the course 4 days back still one assignment is pending for the instructor to grade it because of their delay im not able to get the spelization certificate and my subscription ends tomorrow i dont think im going to re subscribe
I have submitted week 5 assignment Databases and visualization(peer  graded) yesterday.In that submission i only got 70%. To pass the  assignment and get the certificate i need 80%. Since, i want to resubmit  my assignment there is no option to resubmit my assignment.So please  check this issue and help me to resubmit my assignment and get my  certificate.Following is the note from instructor. Plz consider it for reset. You've used an older version of geodata which is no longer applicable.   You need to download the updated geodata zip file using the link given  on the assignment page.  Using the updated version will allow you to add  a new location even when using dr. Chuck's API to complete the  assignment.  The new location can be a park, a museum, a cafe,  university, etc., something that will set your submission apart from  others.You can post a request on the forum explaining you've read the  instructor note if you would like a reset.  Please copy and paste this  note when requesting a reset on the forum.
Not necessarily a bad course, but the final assignment you wait for it to be graded. I don't know about other people, but I'm not going to pay for another month for a specialization I've already finished just to get a piece of paper that states I can figure out vague instructions. I wish I could give it a better score since I like the way the instructor explains things. Just not enough details and to many fluff videos. If you don't watch them then you will miss a question in the final capstone quiz.
the instructor didn't rate. its pending for long time. Either delete or complete it.
Assignment for week 5 is very poorly instructed and very confused .  Spending more time on the assignment than the course.  The assignment should said add a new address to the end of file or beginning of file or should say something about highlighting or editing an image.  I don't have image editor on my new Mac computer and had to download it for this class.
excercices were not challenging, just few lines to add or adapt, should be a bit more difficult
The home tasks do not teach you anything
Worst Course ever! Didn't get a reset on week 5 Submission which lead to not completion of my specialization. And the teaching staff including @Agnes Barsi and @Mihaela Mack doesn't know how to respond to the students with respect in the forum. Worst experience of the course in coursera ever!
The instructor was very good. But the teaching staff's attitude and behavior was very rude and unprofessional. Asking simple things that when can the assignment be graded, the instructor was just having different excuses and took a long time to grade them.
It is disappointing. If you are looking for learning Python for database management, this course does NOT show that. It discusses basic concepts of database management on SQLite, eventually running pre-prepared Python codes.
The course is nice the problem is on the forum the staff don't have time to answer some of your questions when it comes to have detailed explanations of some part of the code that is not explain in the course.
I didn't copy anything but if they think that I have copied then they should reset my assignment again and give me one chance so that I could update my work.Waiting for the assignment to be reset.
Good overview.  Needs to include more hands on development.  1 star because Coursera wont let me take the capstone even after completing all four pre-requisite classes (this one is the fourth).
Didn't see That I have to complete the specialization in one year. I'm sure If I knew this information I wouldn't start the specialization. Feeling really frustrated
My Assignment 5 got stuck, and I am unable to change my answer again. I was doing this course for a week, And now I am unable to get my certificate
Given that Python 2 was replaced by Python 3 some 6 years ago, I'm dismayed to see that this class is teaching Python 2 instead of Python 3.
Verbose, wandering. Instructor takes too long to do too little. No value add over a textbook.
Horrible TAs. They should all be changed. They are extremely rude and annoying.
The course was great, but the teaching staff was so rude and mean to me.
I am really disappointed by the Week 5 peer graded assignment issue.
because of 1 flag which was given i cant have the specialization
Time wasting. There much better courses for Python.
This python course is not for complete beginners
Little to no Python content. Very disappointing.
there is not option to reset. hated this course
Week 5 puts this course from a 4+* to almost 0
can't reset a submission if it gets incorrect
week 4 assignment took forever to be marked
Sucks in short!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not correct way of teaching.
Note: I'm rating this course as an element of the Python for Everyone Specialization. This course is well done technically and Severance is a great teacher, but I don't know what they were thinking when deciding to have students who have only just recently gained a most tenuous grasp of Python start to work with databases. If a student began this as a true beginner, s/he is still just a fledgling pythonista by the time he's being completely overwhelmed by all this other new stuff. I found that when JSON, XML, and SQL were introduced, my comprehension of "what's going on" decreased from around 95% to 15%. My eyes just glazed over when looking at the code and I completed assignments by tinkering around and praying that they would work.
i don't enjoy with this course at all. this course is not good . i don't like copying code and paste it into other place. also to explain code was written before is not good for beginner the code must be written live to understand whole code . Also the assignment wasn't clear at all. you had to search to know what they want exactly. I hope to improve it for next people who will take it
This Python3 course is EXTREMELY sloppy compared to the earlier Python2 version. Chuck acts as if he is really tired of making this course.Examples: Chuck writes on the white slide with yellow. Later with yellow pen on the yellow database icon. One has to pause, look closer.Chuck copy pastes the SQL code. It is not provided for us as a text, so I pause the video for 15 minutes and start typing.SQL command should be UPPERCASE, but sqlite doesn't care apparently, but this wasn't discussed.And there are dozens of things like this.
Dr. Chuck is a nice teacher but I have a very bad experience in this course, especially for the assignment of week 5. This is a very easy and simple assignment and basically just follow Dr. chuck's video. I have no ideas why we need to wait for more than one week just waiting for the teaching stuff to mark it. Otherwise we are unable to receive the certificate. This gives me a feeling that the unnecessary long marking period is just to increase your time subscribing to this course and they can earn more money!!
Far too simplistic assignments
The course was informative and some of the material regarding databases will be useful towards my current job.  However, I felt that in classes 3 and 4, Python was really an after thought.  I believe I could have completed this course without ever taking the first two classes because the assignments only required slight modifications to existing code.  I was more analyzing patterns rather then truly understanding the code.  I would rather see the course continue to expand upon basic programing knowledge so that I can write the code by myself instead of seeking examples to cut/paste all the time.
instead of the previous courses, I do not really appreciate this one. The material is too broad, and we do not really have to hands on coding in python for database e implementation. Its more that you get a general overview of database management, but i miss depth. Also you dont really have to write much code, because it has been done for you. This really makes the excersises too easy, and deprives you of learning opportunities.
This course is not challenging at all.
Very basic, rather simple
As an experienced programmer, I am unimpressed.  The assignments cover a good set of tools; classes and databases.  I would have introduced classes much earlier to emphasize critical coding habits of productive programmers: modularity and reusability.  Unfortunately, classes seem to be included here as an afterthought.  They are introduced in week 1 and never seen again.  Inheritance is mentioned but not explored and an important documentation feature is ignored.  The lectures extoll the wonder of SQL but don't even mention outer joins.  In later examples, databses are used to house data; but that data is extracted to Python variables with simple queries, where it is manipulated with Python.  Programming exercises consist of running his poorly written code and posting results for peer review; students are instructed to grade leniently.  Overall, the presentation looks rushed and unpolished.  Example code looks like it was hobbled together until it worked and never edited for clarity.  If someone I cared about wanted examples of good programming, I would tell them to avoid this.
I definitely love the instructor, but this class is really poorly structured. I could not understand the course material, but use my instinct and basic logical thinking to pass all assignments. This course does not teach you how to write code, but to give you a very vague idea of what python can do. I was enrolled in a VBA specialization before taking this course, and that one was really good. Fair assignments, great explanation, and most important of all, I was able to write hundred lines of code (maybe exaggerated a little bit) independently after passing the course because the way it taught force you to learn and understand. But for this class, I am confused from the beginning and  still confused after finishing the course. I feel like after course 3 under this specialization, everything was taught in a effortless way so that you get your certificate.
This is the only course in this specialization that doesn't seem to belong with the rest of the material.  It seems out of place, and too little was done to relate it to learning python. Moreover, learning databases and SQL is easy;  rather than taking up a whole course, this content could be relegated to one week of lectures in conjunction with some external references for further reading.  Four weeks were spent on this external topic while the more interesting discussion on using python with databases is glossed over haphazardly in the last week.  I am a big fan of this specialization and think Prof. Severance does a great job explaining some of the basics of python in a short amount of time, but this course needs to be restructured.
This course is too basic to be helpful. Many of the programs are just read through like how reading from a textbook in college. I expect the class to be better than that. Many of the concepts in programs are also skipped which gives the impression that Dr. Chuck is not thoroughly aware of these concepts.I am disappointed by the teaching and topics covered in this class
If this course focused just on SQL or just on Python, I would have given it a 5-star rating. However, the course tried to tackle both concepts at once, and did neither justice. At best, this course gave a peek into db connections with python. I left wanting more.
Another disappointing course in the Python specialization offered by UMAA. The assignments are laughable. A mostly superficial course. The only reason I undertook the course is because I had already paid for the 5-course specialization. I wouldn't recommend.
So far this is the weakest of the Python courses, it has missing videos and very little information about actually using DB with Python... Quite disappointing, I will have to rely more in the documentation or another course to complement my skills.
Its okay there's a lot more tweaking of code than actually building your own. The first two classes of the specialization are great but as it progress its like your writing less and less code.
The assignments are old and out of date. Learning how to program is hard enough as it is. I spent more time troubleshooting than learning in this course.
Too much SQL. It would be more useful to go deeper into using csv files.
It was in a very fast pace and the examples are upto the mark
Not enough material covered to make it worth the cost.
I dislike coding but this was kinda fun.
A very shallow course.
Instructor is engaging, conceptual overviews were excellent.Here's what I would do to improve:(1) I don't think it would cost you much or take you much time to add honors content. That would be helpful for anyone just brushing up on the material that wants to go a little further.(2) The last assignment is absurdly easy. I've never had a programming assignment where the criteria is simply to run code someone else has already written. That's just lazy and it hurts the brand name of Coursera and the University of Michigan. I'm sure some of your students ('ahem) would be happy to produce some honors concept and rework the final assignment.
Nice course...!!I really loved the course structure designed and the coding standards/approaches used.Teaching style of the Instructor is really Nice. I just want to suggest that week 5 videos are not up to mark and should be updated as per new Google API and the Instructor must explain how we can add our own desired location from Google maps and See it on the Map of where.html File used in the Assignment because I spent too much time in Week 5 assignment but still was not able to understand the code. I think Some more explanation can be included on Normalization as how we can create relational tables more precisely as it was used in code example and also on how to use Primary and Foreign key in Databases table with Working example and demonstration.
This class reached a bit further than I understood.  A few of the applications were distributed and the assumption is that you would be able to edit them to complete the requirements of the assignment.  it was  a bit confusing to understand what I had to do....edit or write something different.  I understand most of the topics, but the assignments were hard to grasp what was needed.  The teacher did a good job explaining content and shows patience in the videos.  I think the requirements are difficult to pull off in an online environment using free tools. I would have liked to use sql server and connect to a legit API using standard connection methods, but I am not sure that is realistic in this type of course.  Overall, I would take it again. I learned quite a bit.
I enjoyed learning about databases and the introduction to SQL.  The lessons are great and the instructor is well spoken as always.
That said, I found this course to be less consistent in it's difficulty than previous courses in this specialization.  One assignment completely through me off, not because of the difficulty to complete the required actions, but because the description of how it would be assessed was unnecessarily ambiguous.   The other assignments were too easy as almost all of the code was already written, sometimes with 0 changes being needed to make it run properly.  Personally, I would have appreciated more exercises to better understand the nuances of the code and go get more practice but I'll still play around with it in my own time.
I loved most of it, lots of good information and everything to hand that's needed to learn python and databases. Really well taught - except for the final assignment. The zip file is outdated and that cost me an entire day. I would recommend not depending on the forums to fix the problems in an assignment but rather update the assignment. It was very buggy and I think didn't make the point it was intended to make. I learned some things but the cost in time was above what I wanted to pay - I have deadlines in real life and can't afford to get hung up like that to learn something that should be taught explicitly in the course. So thanks, yes, much thanks for the course, but please fix that assignment.
I felt like this course of the specialization wasn't as organized. First of all the object oriented class had no practical assignment, and while others did, they weren't contributing for the learning. I passed all the assignments but don't think I've mastered material here as much as in the previous courses of the specialization. It seems to me that material could be broken up into two courses, and because it's squeezed in one, the instructors have to provide 99% of the assignment and finishing the rest 1% is not helping in learning. Would be much better to be required to do more work in the assignments (possibly step by step and by splitting the course).
I felt that weeks 1-4 went at a reasonable pace, but the week 5 material was rushed.  Those programs were written by the instructor and presented quickly as examples, but some of the content in the programs was not already known or presently explained, like the "buffer" built-in function (found in Chapter 3 of Dr. Chuck's book but not covered in the course) and the "pass" keyword, which I had to find in the Python reference manual for an explanation.  The week 5 programs were quite advanced and I would have liked more time spent on explaining them and perhaps a related programming assignment or two to help us learn the material.
3/5, great professor lectures and good textbook, but the class is structured in such a way as to rush us through every new concept without lingering to practice or revisit material, and the assignments seemed to use a lot of code that we weren't supposed to learn or understand -- just use for the sake of completing assignments, which I thought wasn't a great contribution to our learning. This class has a fun professor and decent reading material but it may take studying elsewhere to complement your grasp of concepts when completing the class's assignments.
A little too much on the easy side. I know learning every detail in code is not necessary - understanding broad applications is more important because it gives you vision of a goal and an understanding how you may get there. Details can be researched. There are ways and its not necessary to reinvent wheels. But I still feel like tweaking preloaded code is not rigorous enough to actually learn what we are doing. This class was much easier than the previous 3 courses in the cert.
While Dr. Chuck is still a great instructor, I think that this course lost some of its pedagogical value compared to Courses 1, 2 and 3 from this specialization. By this I mean that it doesn't teach students how to design algorithms, but instead, it offers an already-made algorithm which serves as a debugging exercise more than anything else. I wish to see a more challenging course in the future.
In previous courses, the student was challenged to apply the learned concepts and do research and reading from the PY4E textbook. In this course, the textbook content covered material more advanced and useful than the online exercises. I feel like the course was too quick and cursory for me to have even a fundamental understanding of sql syntax for my own projects.
I feel that this portion of this course did move a little too quickly in terms of introducing new SQL concepts. The first couple Python program demos has my head completely spinning, and I think this could be largely avoided by having a couple more slides piecing together the logic of the programs. Other than that, another great course!
TA was EXTREMELY rude when asked a question about command line vs IDE.  Refused to back down on the point, even though it was pointed out that the class allowed for it as per a reading in an earlier course in the specialization.  This treatment was inappropriate and frankly disrespectful, and it soured the entire course experience.
This was the only course in the whole specialisation that went too quick for me. I thought the assignments were way harder than the content in the lectures. It took me quite long te figure things out, and had to use help of friends. I always felt like i missed some part of the lectures with additional explanation
it has been a good experience but in the last assignment the instructor said it copied from other student ,and i explained what just happened..i know you have honor code (trust)  but not always you right sometime things just happen whether unintentionally.One request, Review my last assignment and reset it.
The lecturer is honestly a bit slow in his coverage of content and his scribbling is untidy. He also seems to want to intentionally make SQL look like its very simple and avoids giving interesting facts which he thinks may complicate the content but would be good to know anyway.
Course could have been better. I wasted too much time finding out what was needed for the assignments. I think the course need to be updated as a bit of the last assignments were guesswork to find the files needed. I spent too much time trying to work on an old Python2 file.
very quick path, have to do reading in addition to watching lecture videos. Hope there will some be step by step lecture so students can directly deeply learn sophisticated coding instead of just inputting data and using a given completed or 90% completed program.
Could be better.  Some of the explanations could be better for this course surrounding databases.  Some of the Quiz questions are misleading via word usage. As well as, the example code given in some cases does not work and had to search stackoverflow for answers.
It's a good course overall, but the instructions in the last assignment are incomplete (the full requirements are only found in the forums), and myself and other students are given lower grades for following the instructions exactly, which is very frustrating.
In general I do like this course. The material and they way they present it. But here is tons of problems with passing assignments and getting certificate. To finish it took 2 days and 3 days to get certificate. For me it very slow and takes lots of energy.
This was an informative course, but I wish the assessments and exercises where more difficult. Most of the time, you were just editing a few lines of code and submitting a result. More assessments that are more challenging would be appreciated!
Unfortunately, i'm kinda disappointed by this course. Especially by the final assignment. You could ask for much more interesting taks with the information you provided. Hope for a much better experience with the 5th part of this specialization
The teacher was wonderful as always.  The course is given with sqllite, I would have liked a bit more experience with raw SQL queries.  But the course shows you how to create and manage your databases with Python in an efficient way.
Well taught but the exercises are too simple in this course. In previous courses the exercises were more challenging and started more from scratch. Editing a piece of code can't be compared to writing one yourself.
The course lectures are still awesome but the programming assignments become more and more difficult and are almost not solvable without additional material. However, probably still the best videos on this topic.
I missed more details and exercises on the last part of the course. For example, that geoload/geodump/where-data could be given as exercises during the course and joined at the end to make that map solution.
I think most of code should write enrolled students. How can you learn something just copying lines of code and making minor changes? Or just running already wrote code like in the last section?
It was ok. The homeworks and quizzes were very easy and I feel it could have been more challenging. To do the programming assignments you basically had to change 2 or 3 LOC and be done with it.
A surface level look into creating a SQL database with Python. Skims over topics quickly and does not go into depth on how to write code effectively or build a database from scratch.
Great teacher, nice range of topics, very well explained. Unfortunately assignments are trivial and boring. Anyway worth taking along with other courses from that specialization.
Covering more SQL and databases than Python. A lot of code is prepared, you just have to make really simple changes to it. Not that good in terms of learning how to code.
Assignments were way too tough as compared to what we learnt in the lectures. He simply used so many  other functions and libraries without any good explanation of them.
This course showed a lot of pre-written code and exposed me to databases. I learned a lot, but felt like I DID less than in the previous specialization courses.
I loved the teaching. The video are great and the examples too...  But I almost did not program! The course is 'too easy' and I feel I did not practice enough!
Awesome stuff. Useful things covered, but the student should be able to be tested in creating himself code, not just run or (simple( edit the existing code.
For last two weeks most of the things were not clearly explained.based on that i have given less rating to this course as compare two other three courses.
This course goes little fast and gave a little knowledge on SQL Basics. Some libraries were not discussed in previous lectures but came into assignments.
wonderful course but there is a problem with my certification.I didn't get a chance to resubmit the peer graded assignment can some help me out.
All homework were to modify from an existing code, and all lessons were skimming on indexes. I learned less than other courses from this series.
everything is fine except the final assignment, it is not related to material of the course, running someone else's code is not the main skill
Assignments were not challenging enough, especially the final one. However the lectures were interesting and engagingly delivered as always.
The course is taught very well and clearly, however programming assignments are too easy, I feel it has been done too much simplification.
Exercises in the course were very poor, simple and did not require coding, just changing one or two lines. But topic was interisting
It's OK. the lectures are good. The book needs updating, and more exercises would be helpful to practice what we learned in class.
The class is very interesting but too many topics are covered. It would have preferred more self coding, rather than small edits
Good Course But teaching the vast topics quickly and in summarized way.needed more explanation and deeping on several topics
not too many new things about Python. mostly introduction to Python capabilities in databases/overall pretty good class.
Focused too much on SQL rather than Python, so not really that helpful for people who already know SQL (like myself)
The only thing learned during this course was how to use SQL in python...The rest of lectures are just fillers
Database code is just a walkthrough. It should have been more details... Its hard to understand the code :(
Nice course but didn't include enough python code for other database vendors and wasn't challenging enough
some issues in this course week 5 task so many issues not only me so many people having this problem.
Very short lectures and easy assignments, but a good overview and starting point for further studies.
I do not find this course is useful to learn seems it only gives a guideline to the python database.
Week 5 was not well explained and structured. Few things were confusing concepts were missing.
It seemed to me a little bit too superficial... It was almost only copying and pasting code...
The exercises need more work done if the students are expected to actually learn this stuff.
Very interesting but a lot of the code  is unexplained  and  assumes we will understand it.
I think it would be good to include into course following topics:1) NoSQL databases 2) ORMs
Intro class as most time we are only required to make small adjustments to sample code
There is too little amount of exercises/assignments required as part of the course....
Things are way to deep for not programmers, i did not enjoyed so much as the previous
Very good, but rather brief. It does teach you the basics, but uses Python 2, not 3.
The course material was very good but the assignments were boring and unchallenging
Assignment level not up to the mark. way too easy and obvious problems were there.
I think it can further explore the libraries and constructs of the algorithms.
Not so much hands-on work in this course.Give us more homework please! ;-)
Could expand in libraries that are used in writing codes for this course.
Rather interesting, but I felt the questions and programs were too easy.
The course should have more details. It feels like a lot was skipped.
plz last lecture in this course, you can better understanding to me.
Interesting content, well structure lessons but too easy assesments.
The videos are so brief that they couldn't cover difficult content.
Base on the previous courses I was expecting more about this one.
please grade me in week 5 assignment .i needed my certificate
Simple and what we need to do is just use the sample code.
Would've liked for assignments to be more independent.
Should Challenge more in terms of quiz and Assignment
Course is interesting, but tasks are way too easy.
Good course for beginners, more theoretical
Assignment could be a lot more challenging.
I'd rather program more than just be a user
Not as in-depth as the other modules.
Not as clear as the first 3 courses
Assignments were way too simplistic
I work seemed a little too light.
It have low practice exercises.
Could use more hands on coding
was expecting more on this.
It's a great toy introduction to database technologies - I wish the assignments involved more than just running starter code and making a few lines of modifications.
As with the third course in the specialization, the lectures give just enough to allow students to independently advance their learning outside the course. To be honest, I think the instructor covers too much ground in too short a time for most students to gain a lot of understanding. Furthermore, the assignments are quite straightforward requiring minimal adaptation of the supplied code.The module on Object Orientated Programming is, frankly, a waste to time and a distraction. There are no practical exercises and the material is run through at a pace that makes it unlikely that anyone without prior knowledge would make any sense of it. What is more, there is no reference to, or use of, OOP at any other point in the course or specialization. The time would have been better spent in expanding the modules on the core topics of using databases with Python.On the positive side, the external tools on Dr Chuck's own website seem to work as expected and integrate smoothly with Coursera. The forums also remain supportive, although, as with most courses, far less active than on the old platform.I still rate this as a 4 star (albeit a 4-) as Dr Chuck is such an engaging instructor and there is still a good progression through the specialization. I would be more cautious if taking this as a standalone course.
I liked the course.  As with the previous three courses, Dr. Severance does a great job presenting the material and explaining how the code works.  I felt that the assignments and the book were lacking a little bit:1. The textbook needs to be updated to include the Object Oriented Programming section that is covered in Week 1.2. There is no programming exercise for the OOP section, just a quiz.3. There are no assignments in the textbook for Chapters 14 and 15.  The examples of the code and how it works is awesome, though, which is a trade off of sorts.4. The Chapter 14 programming assignments only require minimal programming in Python and/or SQL.  I would have liked to do a little more programming.5. Chapter 15 felt like it was shoved in at the end, and the assignment was really easy.  I was hoping for a little more rigor on that one, also.Overall, it was a good experience and I'm looking forward to finishing up this specialization when the Capstone is unlocked and becomes available.
4 of 5 in the series of Python for Everybody. You do not learn as much Pythin in this course, but apply it to scanning the web and gathering data. I am more for the scientific uses of Python and programming from scratch than what was taught in the course. Now I must write than many students enjoyed the course and learned something new. I took the first 3 in the series (btw it is recommend that you take the first 3 course before taking this particular one. Several of the HW forces you to use that prior knowledge. So don't rush through), and was able to walk away from those courses feeling a lot more comfortable with Python. This course not so much. But hey, in this course you see how Python can be applied and if you're into Data science it is a good introduction. I am stopping here and moving on to other coursera course. Not caring to do the capstone in this series. Regards.
Unfortunately, I'll have to rate this course 4 stars out of 5... The begining of this course was pretty boring, and that was fatal to grasp the attention of a lot of students, and the end was just way too easy for a course which is suppose to take concepts previously learned and apply them to the week. Literally to have 100% in the last assignment you only need to take some screenshots and that's it!!!However, most of the course is incredibly good! It explains with excelence what SQL is, and how can we operate on databases with Python! The teacher s incredibly good and most of the assignments are great to practice was we have learned.Therefore, I would sugest anyone doing the specialization to take this course, even though it will clearly see a difference in quality with the previous ones, because it will always be a good course with an excelent teacher behind it!
I think Chuck is easily one of the best instructors I have studied under and like the previous courses, he has been really good in this course as well; however, I think in the Week 5 lectures, he could have spent a bit more time to explain all the different concepts he has used/introduced in his programs, some of which he had explained previously but some of them are surely not covered before example the use codecs.open and when to use that and so on..there are other examples as well. Overall, the course is very well taught although the last assignment was just too easy and does not really test the knowledge and understanding of the subject.
I really like the intro accessing the web with two common API's namely Google location API and twitter API. But this course is falling a little bit short when introducing the relational database model as persistence technology only. Instead of providing an introduction in a SQL as special language I really would expect a comparison of different persistence approaches such as popular NoSQL vs standard relational model. However if accepting the focus on the relational model of this course, then I would expect some intro into OR mapping with SQL alchemy. After all regarding persistence part the course is not well balanced.
This is an extremely high level introduction to SQL and how to use  DBs in data processing programs.If you have no experience you will get a feeling and some basic idioms to apply, so it is a good start.If, like me, you already have a good SQL knowledge but little Python knowledge you can quickly learn how to access DBs and just go through the videos to have an easy overview of interesting applications.As in previous courses I appreciated Dr. Chuck relaxed exposition and some of his interviews with people I just had their names on my books, like Tannembaum.
Good course that introduces you to the very 101 of 101 basics of DB design, as well as the related libraries in Python. The assignments should be more rigorous and require more coding from a blank slate. Hence, I'd highly recommend that students take the time to reverse engineer, as well as read through and comment out the supplied code. Furthermore, there's an issue with the database design in one of the assignments that I point out in my code comments on github: https://github.com/rahulthewaffle/python_databases_severance/blob/master/week3/ex15-2.py
Helps you learn how to deal with database in python . SQLite is also taught and how to see into database.
How python programming can help you get the data using an API. How you can extract and clean data using
python. Not really for the beginners but the course was tried to make simple. The professor is awesome
i could say that. You do need help from outside for some of the topics like what is SQL? But a brief 
about such topics is given too . Nice instructor and nice lectures too. A little tougher course and not for absolute beginner
The introduction of databases and integration with Python introduces a real-world application to this programming introduction. The content was informative, practical, and I will rely heavily on this course's content in the future. I did, however, find this course directed students more toward relying on existing code and tweaking it rather than thinking through the process and developing it from scratch. For this reason, I found this course to be a little weaker on delivery than the previous ones in the specialization.
Great coverage of the material, however some of the sample scripts were nearly complete and required little, if any, modification to complete the assignments. They clearly tried to find the balance between providing challenging exercises and providing working packages of scripts so that students can accomplish more complicated tasks using additional tools that are, on their own, beyond the scope of the project. I just think they could have provided a bit less to make some of the later exercises a bit more challenging.
Good initial overview to the topic. Most code is actually provided to the student, preventing deeper learning via trial & error.  However, it is a tradeoff of making the course accessible to a large number of students versus being too challenging and preventing newcomers from enjoying the subject.  Dr. Severance is excellent -- entertaining and clearly very knowledgable.  For any novice programmers looking to understand how Python interacts with databases, this is the best place to start.
Short, but jam packed with stuff you need to know in order to get working with Databases.  The ending lesson was a little disappointing as we weren't tested on how to do some of the suggested projects that the teacher was talking about and instead only had to download and run a program on our computer.  However, this class equips you with the knowledge to get a start in Data Science and Database engineering, as well as good practice and better understanding of how to use Python.
Dr. Chuck once again breaks down very complex subject matter into easily digestible chunks for us newbies. My only issue with this course is that the hardest parts of the assignments were already done and all that was required from us was some slight tweaking in existing code. That may or may not be intended and the real challenge lies with the Capstone Project.Nonetheless, if you are curious about how databases work, there's lots to learn here. I know I did!
This course is great as a very high level - quick intro to relational data modeling and SQL. I would have like to have spent some more time in practice with writing to and reading from databases via Python as the jump from executing a script in SQLite/ database manager to creating a cursor and executing formatted scripts and fetching the results is a little wide.As always, great materials, but could have done better with more practice.
Decent course but some of the assignments required a lot of initiative to go and search the web in order to fully understand them. Material is understandable and very clearly presented allowing for a natural progression from the previous courses in this specialization. I am glad that I understand more about how Python works although I am not sure I am confident enough to apply some of the higher order skills taught in this course.
The course is great in that I felt I gained alot of insight into how data mining is done but I don't feel I gained much skill in using databases with python. The assignments are making minuscule modifications to existing code. I think it would have been a better exercise to either write a new program for each assignment or have the student build out a single program throughout the course. But, as always, Dr. Chuck is the best.
A great course. I loved reviewing the worked examples and working on the assignments. I understand that this course gave a taste of what is possible with databases and Python. I understand that. I suggest having more involved extra-credit assignments. For my part, I shall take some of Dr. Chuck's samples and line-by-line attempt to reproduce (or reverse-engineering his results) and to really grasp his nifty syntax.
This course gives very basic information about using python to retrieve web data in json and html format. It's helpful and makes the learners feel good. This course is that it prepares almost ready codes for every test and homework. This could be a good reference for people who want know how to do sth, but have no much time digging into the complex way. However, it may also reduce the strength of learning.
As usual Professor Charles Severance was too meticulous to make a course taker understand the fundamentals of database design and querying. However, as a certified database administrator I lacked the information on normal forms - the framework for any relational database architecture. However, maybe I am just requiring too much from the short course for beginners.
Good course. However I think it would be better if the codes are not spoon fed. May be I could be wrong and that is how it needs to be taught - but when codes are mostly written, simple hacks can generate credits. But the hardwork of Mr Severance and his invisible colleagues is visible in every lecture and slides!!! Thanks to Mr Severance for wonderful experience
This works really well for an introduction on databases and how to use them with Python. The exercises are maybe a bit too easy. On the one hand, this makes it easy to actually complete the course (and you still learn the basics), but on the other hand, you don't get that familiar with the material.The lecturer is intelligent and funny and structured.
I think this course is a bit of shorter. The final assignment could be arranged in a way more challenging than now it is. Besides, there are a lot of features in SQL can dig in, say LEFT/RIGHT/OUTER JOIN, GROUP BY, HAVING, Nested SQL structure, some basic SQL formula/functions like Max/Min/Sum/Average which is not tricky and fundamental in SQL.
Another great course by Dr. Chuck. He is eloquent, patient and clear about what his explaining. However, I feel that he should have gone into greater detail about certain topics such as APIs, geodata and database management. Nevertheless, this is an excellent course and everyone interested in database management (using Python) should try it.
I understand that delving into databases was not the motive and based on that the brevity of this course is rather appreciated. Although superficial examples raised the bar too high. Geo-coding example kind of turned down the spirits since i was unable to understand whether or not to understand the given JS and HTML codes.
Really enjoyed the course however I found some language not explained properly in enough detail. Also found some of the worked examples too complete. Had to go over and rewrite from scratch so I understood fully - would be nice if some had a couple of assignments, one simpler and one complex so its not so much of a leap
It is a great course, but it would have been great that it included how to perform data visualization in Python instead of just showing Javascript code. And I would also like to recommend to write at leat most of the SQL statements instead of just pasting them. Having said that, thank you Chuck for your efforts!
I think the assignments could be harder.The allotted tasks sound really difficult, but you're given base code which requires minimal changes, if any. I think that more challenging tasks would aid my retention better. As it is, I think I will want to look up additional exercises in the textbook, or something.
The way of teaching SQL was very good but the last week which included visualization was bad.I thought that visualization would be done by using python or in jupyter but it was done using javascript(which is not included in course) and giving no idea on using js and html but overall the course was GOOD!!
The course was great. I feel though that the code walk thrus are not 
thorough enough; and thats important for someone with no background in 
coding. Often a new concept/line of code comes in and is not dealt with 
in sufficient detail that leads you confused and ruining the whole 
program understanding.
This was a good generic course. The only thing I'd like to see is accessing other types of database - I work in an environment which utilizes MS SQL Server, and will need to do a bunch of researching and trial and error to figure out what Libraries need to be included and how to connect the databases.
As usual, intuitive, clear, well structured and amazingly informative.The missing star : A bit less coding than the other classes on Python - that is, using a lot of code already written and just modifying it. Thus, it might feel like you know the code but you have just "seen" it.
This course could've been a little more challenging. Too many assignments were just "run the files provided." I don't feel like I ended up getting to know the material quite as much as the previous courses. I ended up re-writing a lot of code myself just to get to know it better.
Good instruction on SQL. Final project was too simple given the tools that instructor had armed us without throughout the course. Could've had more programming involved in the last assignment of the course to really test knowledge on integrating python with SQL and databases.
I felt that more time could have been spent going over the python code in the last section. The code was made available, and it is up to the students to review the code at their own pace. This is good. It may further help to go over the code in the video lectures themselves.
Good course, the exercises in later weeks could have been a bit more challenging hence the ding on this.  The reading material also isn't lined up well with the online course - it would be great if the reading material shared what chapter is to be read for each course/week.
Great course! Dr. Severance really put a lot of thought and effort into his videos and assignments.This course took a big leap, in terms of program complexity, from the prior courses in the series. This course could have been twice as long, and dug deeper into the details.
This course only touches on python + relational databases. Specifically, investigates SQLITE and the sqlite3 python library. The work is very minuscule (assignments were to simply modify pre-written python scripts). Nevertheless, good introduction to DB coding in python.
+ I appreciated the visual nature of the course+ I appreciated the background info on databases+ I liked learning SQL and using the SQLite browser.- update to python3, I'm running python3 and found it difficult to correct the issues with urllibs in the ifnal assignmet.
Overall, an excellent course, as all courses from Dr Chuck.The last assignment could have been more demanding to stretch our learning before the Capstone.It is a real pity that one has to pay for all previous courses in order to take the final Capstone :-(Well done!
I like this series a lot. I didn't like that the last assignment is peer graded though, because now I have to wait for somebody to see my assignment and grade it... :( but otherwise, this was fun and a good introduction to working with databases! I learned a lot.
Teacher was good, but the hand in assignments were much too simple. They didn't challenge me, and I didn't really get to practice the new things we've learned. All assignments were just about copy/paste 3-4 lines in existing code, and make a minor change to it.
Although the theory was getting denser, we passed through it too quickly, and the assessments were too light. Even though the aim is to have students investigate and go deeper by themselves, I think we should have been prompted to do some further development.
+It improved my database design skill up to some extent.+good integration with python and json etc-Normalization was not there, at least upto 3NF it should be covered.-last project was just a copy paste. it would be great if it can be somewhat challenging.
Wish we did more of the coding for the final week.  Give us an expected schema for the program's output (which the javascript and html will visualize from), and have us write most of the python for the first parts that output data which fits that schema.
Good as an intro to databases but perhaps a bit too easy as  a lot of the code is provided. I would have like to have had to create more Python code instead of reusing what was provided in the course resources. That said, well laid out and delivered.
This course is more about DataBases rather than Python. Good for very beginners, too easy for anyone with programming background. Also I would suggest providing mbox.txt file for download, as copy/pasting such a big amount overload laptop CPU.
This course is a perfect introduction to using databases with Python. It gives intuition and provides understanding of the most important database management features, how to code them in SQL, and how to manage them through a Python interface.
I would say this is a good course to learn and understand what is DB and how to interact with them with Python. The purpose of this course is not to make us professionals, its just to make us aware of it and prepare us for further development.
It was a great deal working on with this course, especially with the peer-graded assignment of the last week. I was worried about the assignment because in 2 days it was not getting graded, but it finally did and I was relieved so much.
The course is great, but I hope I can get to the final project. I have a little bit experience in python, so I skipped the first two courses of the specialisation project. But I still want to try the 5th one, which is locked to me now~
This course is full of database designing which was a great experience.It was a bit tough to keep up in beginning but then i got familiar.You should not need any prior knowledge on database to learn this course but need some python.
Easy and informative but could be more challenging and have us modify the code a bit more. Similar complaint about my Coursera class with IBM about databases so maybe it's a limiting factor of how things are structured and graded.
I think Dr. Charles' lectures are really cool, but the practical excercises were not so good: they consisted, mostly, only in executing already done code and printing stuff. I think that the peer-grading were unnescessary too.
This course is a nice introduction to relational databases. However, most lessons address database design and SQL topics, and thus some people may consider that it is not fair to include this course in a Python specialization.
Would be perfect but the issue with the Gooogle API Key in the week 5 assignment was frustrating to figure out without clear guidance. The walkthrough in the Discussion Forum could have used pictures to help debug the issue.
The only reason I can't give this course a 5 star rating is the final assignment is not substantial enough. Otherwise this is the best course series for any beginner or someone trying to refresh their programming knowledge.
Loved the teaching but assignments had very little rigor involved. Towards the end, only a small piece of the code needed to be modified to obtain the result taking away much of the practical understanding of  the course
The assessment session is very helpful, as relate to real time tasks. The classes are awesome and easy to understand. I would suggest to learn the basics of the python before entering to the Python using database course.
Good course at an appropriate level.  I'd like to see more advanced topics in a related course, like optimization, multi-threading, database management.  Some discussion of non-relational databases would also make sense.
A good introduction to the basics of SQL and an excellent, intuitive description of the workings of databases with motivations for them. Gets a little 'hand-wavy' at parts but is fine for a less experienced programmer.
I thought it was very informative, but felt the assignments lacked challenge. I never spent more than 15 minutes on them because 80+ % of the code was already provided and you basically only had to fill in the blanks.
Solid foundational database concepts in Python if you're looking to learn the basics or brush up on fundamentals. However, if you're looking for more advanced topics, you might want to look at more advanced classes.
Get to learn basics of SQL in this course.A good chunk of code to be used in assignments is explained before in lectures, so you solve a similar if not same problem in the assignment which is shown in the lecture.
Having done other courses in the specialization, I found that the lectures of Week 4 and  Week 5 involved very less modification to the existing code, thereby reducing the ability to try out coding on one's own.
Another great class that covers a lot of information that builds nicely on the preceding classes. I would like to see an additional Exercises per topic that  more complex. Maybe add an extra credit or bonus one.
Highly recommendable and instructive. Yet the content of this course is a bit introductive so that I haven't learned that much SQL and database skills using Python. Though, it is very suitable for beginners.
Towards the end of the course, the code starts getting a lot complex. Even though Dr. Severance said not to worry about a lot of them, I don't feel I understand the material as fully as the previous courses.
The course was interesting and broad in teaching SQL and its use in handling simple and complex databases. What I missed though, was more emphasis and hands-on exercises on the use of SQL in Python scripts.
A very challenging, fun and useful course. Things come together as we learn how to incorporate what we've previously learned as well as a deeper understanding of the terms we've been using in course 3.
This course is extremely simple and it is not very good. To become a better programmer you have to write a lot of code. Theory is helpful too, but practice is much more needed. More practice, please...
I know that Dr. Chuck mentioned that he can't cover everything about databases and SQL. But I felt that the content could have been a bit more informative.Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck and the teaching staff.
Course is worthwhile taking and Dr. Severance is engaging in the videos. People new to Python should read book chapters prior to viewing videos so as to familiarize themselves with the subject matter.
I hope this can be a little bit more challenge. All the assignments are easy to be finished, some of them can be done within minutes. Comparing with JHU's R programming, that can be too hard, though.
A little more hands on practice on python and writing our own logic and code would've been better. Other than that this course is perfect, has great content and instructor, totally enjoyed it.
The course is very useful for beginners like me. I have gained good knowledge in python through these courses. Way of teaching and presenting the concept is very good and impressed me a lot.
The assignments are too simple. Not even in real world, in pet open source projects, you have to explore so many things and after taking this course you are definitely not ready for that.
The Professor is amazing, with a great sense of humor. But, I felt that the last three assigments were rather easy, given the fact that the code was almost all produced by the Professor.
The data modeling parts were not totally accurate bu other than that I loved the course.  It will be essential in my job to use Python to interact with databases so this was awesome!
All the chapters have been well explained. However, the last chapter was a bit vague and needed deeper insight; especially the code used for data visualisation.Thanks Dr. Chuck!!!
A good and comprehencive course on creating databases. However, imho it lacks the information on creating a simple user interface of a database. This topic is not covered at all.
why there is no Arabic subtitle. At least don't show that the is.need more to explain other tools in sql.but this was a very good course of how to use python to build a database
Very good introduction to databases and SQL. I would have liked a different week 5 assignment and a deeper explanation of the more difficult python codes, such as geodump.py.
This is really a good course to learn the uses of python in every field. Instructor try to give the best and this course give knowledge not only in Python but also in SQL.
Maybe, it will be useful to add more theory about 3 normal forms?
Thank for awesome database introduction. I've had lack of practice with 3 normal forms, but you fixed it.
This course is a very good one for beginners like me. But I felt that the assignments were way too easy. It would be better if the assignments were made more challenging.
Very good course to understand interactions between databases and programs. However, week 5 was a bit unclear in its goals and the solution for the exercise a bit tricky.
I would've liked to have to write more code, as most of the exercises were just modifying the written code a bit, but not actual writing! Aside from that, great course!
I enjoyed this course, but since I have a lot of background in databases, I wished there were more practices with retrieving data from a remote data base vs. a web api.
I like this course.  4 star is "excellent"; I do not grade anything 5 star (unless it is so good that no better one emerges even till the end of human civilization).
This course is harder than the other 3 courses in the specialization and it lacks some beginner tasks, it is like giving you a stone and asking you to build a house
The last assignment was very interesting but I felt it was a little bit rushed. More details about the API key are needed so all students can finish the assignment.
The course and the lectures are very good. But the assignments are bit to easy and hence its easy to pass without putting in the effort really learning what taught.
The course is nice. But instructor didn't focus on the last 2/3 weeks codes like geodata or geodump. I think the lecture videos of those classes should be updated.
Good Course but slightly schizophrenic due to the object oriented topics. Don't feel that they belong in this course and would be really ticked off if paid for it.
Useful for understanding databases, however it was quite simple and most of the code was written and I did not have to write a lot of code to complete the course.
Good course. I just expected my last assignment to be more challenging. But with the examples given we can create challenges for ourselves on real life projects.
Great course and additional materials. The last week seemed a bit too far away from the previous one, though. Still it was manageable and understandable, Thanks.
Love the course..learned new things but few parts at last can be explained in more detail format as it can help us a lot to us in developing application .......
Another good class in the Python Certificate course. I the information was well-presented and I would definitely recommend this to other beginning programmers.
Another mind-opening course from Dr. Chuck. I really enjoyed it. I would like to recommend to everyone who wants to leverage their skill in Python programming.
Great course. Learned lot of new stuffs about how to read data and extract and insert data into a basic database directly using minimal lines of python code.
I think using Google map APIs is a mistake and led to much confusion.  Better to use a subset that can be reliably downloaded and accessed from students' PC.
course start to get even harder, by combining the use the database and web spydering is very interesting, but wish the course can go even further on detail.
Generally an outstanding course, however I was a bit concerned that the video lectures, programming assignments, and quizzes didn't exactly follow the book.
a good introduction to how to interact with database.If you want to grasp more deeply,you 'd better read the free book--python for infomatics(3rd edition).
was inspiring but a big step from course 3 to course 4. the assignments were not to difficult but that was manly because all the code was already provided
Really straight forward content and great overview of SQL + SQLite. Nice python demos. Sometimes the instructor wanders a bit before he gets to his point.
Good course, except week 5. You should change it a bit. I spent more time trying to make the programs work with the #!@!$ google key than anything else.
A bit more actual programming would be good rather than minor tweeking of existing code.  Overall, a good basic into to relational database with Python.
Excellent course! Maybe It would be better to center in some points of the examples instead of providing so many, but in any case, a recommended course.
I would have liked to write more Python code to interact with the databases during the course of the homework assignments.  The lectures were VERY good.
Very nice and very good intstructor. Clear examples. Clear presentation. However, some assignments are a bit too easy, even for beginners. Learnt a lot!
Thanks a lot for letting me explore the sqlite browser and the sql commands. I have learnt about databases and sql a lot more than that about python .
Excellent - but I wish that the course had tougher assignments to really push me to practice on the topic - although I admit this is hard to grade.
Week 5 was very poor, out of date and it could be better comparing to the previous weeks. Professor is very good, I just expected more in the end.
Another great course, just lacked bit more info on databases like showing how JOIN works, HAVING BY, and nested SELECT to do complicated queries.
This course was really very intuitive. I got a good hands on experience as well. A big shout-out to Dr. Chuck for being such a wonderful teacher.
Peer Review: Installing and Running Python Screen Shotsi got grade 40 in week1 but am not able to upload screent shots again. can anyone help me?
Unlike the other courses, the material was quite new. And the videos were shorter than the first one. The assignments were also quite simple too
The course was so amazing, I expected much more in depth database knwoledge but it is also enough and good. Learning is a never ending process.
Very useful course. The instructor has a smooth teaching approach that's about as motivating as it gets. Thanks a lot Coursera and Dr. Chuck.
Nice  course . The part of SQL DATABASE was amazingly taught. If python implementation would have been little bit more , it would be great
Great to learn how easy the SQL and Python integrate. Very straightforward examples and tests. Well explained and exactly what was needed.
Very good introduction to databases and the use of this with python. uses python 2 version. Simple explanation for beginners. Recommended.
this course is just as a preparation for database with python, we need to learn more or to learn other courses if we want to be experts.
Good course material but the assignments are too basic! Simply copying code or adding a few lines, but not as much hands on as I'd like.
The Coursera and this course both helped me with my dreams. The course was way better than I thought and classes were extremely lively.
lectures are good. hw assignments are just a tad too easy. i believe diligent students could handle slight;y more difficult assignments
There are some concepts which were not elaborated very well. I request the faculties to add extra lectures as it might help beginners.
Very good, felt like we could have done more work with hands on file writing and coding but it was nice to build off of someone elses.
It was a very great experience to have this course. this has given me a lots of things to gain. I thanks to courser and group for p
It is good short course but could be better if it is more detailed and l could work on more examples but the last week was awesome.
The course gives you a quick overview on how web-data, database, and html work together .  It is great to practice the techniques.
A bit too easy. I really wish there'd be a more advanced project for us to better understand and implement the database and python
Touches on a lot of subjects. Each having its own complexity. I'd have loved of the concepts are covered in a little more depth.
As always great level of teaching by Dr. Chuck, but milestone tasks was not so challenging as within previous course. Thanks!
This course could do with harder assignments. This last one was just "run my code" and screenshot stuff. Learned a lot though
Very practical course introducing into using Python to access Data Base, and manipulating SQL commands to interact with DB.
The course is good but the Content can be improved and enriched. It shall be deeper 'cause databases are a very important t
Great course with LOTS of info. I only wish some of the techniques seen in more complex code was talked about a bit more.
Lecturer is in the right mind, I really liked his presentation and the course itself. Very beneficial for my profession.
I like this course, but not as good as the previous three. I think it did not present the database models very clearly.
An enjoyable presentation of this topic. Gives a decent overview without going into depth. Charles is a great teacher.
Very neat course. I really recommend it for these who start with Python,or just want to remind themselves such topics.
Good course, maybe a more hands on assignments to write code starting from scratch.  Thanks a lot for the teachings.
Peer graded assingments take a lot of time because you need to be graded by three others and a instructure from UM.
There should be more exercises and business problems to implement SQL on. Anyways a nice course for SQL beginners.
Its good, as the other course, but the extension of the topics, maybe need to make another specialization for it.
This course is a beginner's guide to Databases, and the concept of using it with Python is taught with clarity.
Great information but the homework is a little to easy and I don't think I was able to comprehend it that well.
The way dr chuck take us through all the material is quite fascinating and really enjoyed him through all way.
I wish there were more examples from earlier chapters to help build on the foundation for the later chapters.
Topics covered are great, but there is a lack of assignments to be done by students completely on themselves.
Quite interesting; for those of you keen to be Python developer I think this course is kinda a must to take.
Id suggest for week 4 and 5 to have more difficult exams. I loved the course nevertheless. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Fantastic lecturer, I will definitely recommend more of Dr Charles Severance Python courses. He is fantastic
Not as good as the first three but still very good. Do the first three if you haven't already done them.
Assignments were too easy to pass. So it was not enough to practice of DB. But lectures were still good.
The 4th course, in my opinion, mainly involves general stuff. It's not as specific as the last three cou
Not in details and code was copy and paste, although I discovered a new field of technology with Python.
Great course! Dr. Chuck makes the course fun and presents the material in a way everyone can understand.
Overall, It was a great course. If the final assignment was made much clearer it would have been great.
Good lectures. But assignments are too easy (only modifying the given code, but not writing your own)
SQL, SQLite. However the contents could be more detailed. Less Python and more SQL/JavaScript/HTML...
The last assignment was a bit of a cop out. Looking forward to the capstone.Perfect for the beginner.
i like it .....but not too much ......seems like this is for certificate not for deep learning......
Excellent way to learn the fundamentals for Relational DB and how to use Python to update such DBs.
Assignments could have been a bit harder / require more own coding work. Otherwise great course :)
Great course, really helpful lectures on the intregration of SQL / relational databases in Python.
Great course. Awesome way to get started in databases. Should be more hands on on the Python part
It's good course to play with XML, JSON, SQL, SQLite, Google API, Twitter API etc. using python.
The google API changes made one of the exams unclear. This would be something worth clarifying.
Good and reasonbly understandable.Props for the clear, personal and upspiriting way of telling.
There was not as much coding as prior courses but students can learn the knowledge of database.
Good course. Regarding the last chapter (Geocoding), I would prefer a more complex assignment.
I missed more examples how to access databases, looks like update, delete, etc. It's so basic.
Overall pretty good. The assignments didn't require much effort or understanding to complete.
Overall, very good course, but the Python programming using databases is slightly not clear.
Great course, but the forum supervison could be more polite and could answer more in detail.
Very good...programming assignments aren't quite up to par compared to the previous courses.
Good class for new comers, and in order to be professional, you need to learn more about it.
Good course for brief understanding of databases, but not about using Python with databases
I liked this course, but I think the assignments could have been slightly more challenging.
The course videos and lecture materials were good. But the homework assignments were easy.
Very helpful in building a basic understanding of working with databases through Python.
Very good course.I just would like that there will be more practices between each topic
you have to wait for the evaluation instructor, that's why i did no put it five stars
Good intro to databases and sql language.A little harder than the previous 3 courses.
Great course if your just getting started using python to edit and create data bases.
not as fun and challenging as other 3 preceding Python courses but still a great one!
The instruction of homework is not so clear, other than that, the course is perfect!
Just the right amount of hard for me with lots of examples to allow further growth,
The instructor and the contents are great, but the assignments are not challenging.
i wish there was more depth in the course , although the instructor is awsome.   i
Needs more actual programming. I wouldn't mind if the problems were more difficult
It would have covered more python programming rather than the database concepts.
the week 5 assignment was not working as expected but overall the course is good
Great course! I wish we were supposed to do more coding in the weekly exercises.
Great introduction to OOP and databases, wish it was a little more difficult.
Excellent introduction to databases.  The tests need to be a bit challenging!
Peer grading is not the best idea for this type of exercise. Also Google API
This is a very good course, but probably more SQL will make it even better.
The code of the last week was not properly explained, otherwise excellent.
I especially liked the portions on Databases, SQL and Python integration.
Excellent Course, but I would have liked more exercise and design process
It was good, however I still don't feel totally confident in the skills.
Really good course. Clear discussion of databases and how they are used.
Very informative. Need more assignments/problems to consolidate learning
Using this course I have learnt many things about databases and python.
very good and interesting module which help me relate to line of work
Too basic and the code for the exercises were usually almost complet
This is an amazing course for learning about Database using python.
Good course but not as strong as the other courses in this program.
Very Nice course And With difficult but interesting assignments
A decent course but I expected it to be a little more detailed.
he covered a lot of topics but he can teach more besides a lot
Very helpful in learning how to access Databases using Python.
Great course. Only caveat is that it holds your hand too much.
Great pace. I feel ready for the Capstone. Thanks Chuck and UM
It's a good one, but could be better having more applications.
Wish the exercises could've been a bit more tough/ real-life.
Good course but moves very quickly on all the subject matter.
A bit of a drop in quality with regards to the other courses.
Good basic knowledge about use of using database with Python.
You should have taught Object Oriented Python in more detail
Thanks Dr Chuck. It has been a very fun learning experience.
The difficulty level of the assignments could be increased !
Good experience..but could have been at more advanced level
I found this course informative and  quite understandable.
homework could be harder, but the course overall is great
Useful info. Now we start to get some Python super powers
It would be better if projects were explained in detail.
Some of assignment instructions are very confused to me.
Good, but could've been a little more thorough/hands on.
Good introduction to using python with simple databases.
Course is very good itself but assignments is very easy.
Excelent course to begging with databases using python
Great course. A great extension to the original course
Assignments ask for things not in written material :/
Very interesting topic but enough practical exercises
Very good and easy explanation of Database concepts
Assignments still have some scopes of improvements.
This course is easy to understand how python works.
Dr. Chuck as always taught the course beautifully.
assignment difficulty level should be increased...
awesome, very good explainded, and very enjoyable
The last week lectures were not very productive.
The last assignment was unnecessarily confusing.
Assignment codes should only be partially given.
Some of the work was a bit easy: cut and paste.
Nice course, but it needs stronger assignments.
Would love to have more challenging assignments
Could dive a little bit further into the topic
Great introduction using sqlite and python 3!
This course was well structured and explained
Very slight programming load. Trivial really.
it is simple to understand very good content
its actually gud who wants to Deal with data
the level of the DB and SQL should be higher
It's a little bit harder than prior courses
the course content is great full of insight
nice course, in particular for a beginner .
a bit too easy, especially the assignments.
Pretty easy for beginners to catch up with!
assaignments and examples are really good.
The week 5 assignments should be improved
i  hope it is useful for further learning
The assignments were a bit unchallenging.
easy to learn, Prof is so nice and cool !
Great curse. But assingments were to easy
The content is clear but a little simple
Excellent course :) Really enjoyed it!!!
I enjoyed learning Python with Database
The assignments can be more challenged
A very good Course for the beginners.
I'd expected it to be more difficult.
A little easy. Especially last grade
It's better to use Python 3 version.
The course is easy, but informative.
very objective, but a little simple.
I like this course and it is great.
NOT COVERED IN DEPTH..JUST OVERVIEW
I expected to be it more practical
A good introduction to databases.
Felt happy  for  learning  SQLITE
quit useful and good for beginner
It's a great entry level course.
The homeworks are way too easy.
Very useful! Teacher is great!
Awesome course up till date !!
very useful sir thank you sir
can be a bit more challenging
Assignments can be harder...
Learned a lot in this class.
Challenging and entertaining
Assignments were too easy :(
Really enjoyed this course..
It's really a great course.
very nice coaching by chuck
Could have gone into depth
Using database with python
Good teaching by Dr Chuck.
Its an outstanding course
Still needs more practise
Good  hands on sessions
Can be more challenging
Thank you doctor Chuck!
Nice a piece of course
Learned a lot! Thanks
A little bit too easy
add more assignments
Lovely course here.
Nice done as always
Not much exercises.
It was very Good.
Solid instructor
Just Awesome...
too simple TT
Loving it
Charles Severance is one of my favourite professors. He teaches stuff in the simplest way possible. He delivers the content is in a very friendly manner. So friendly that if I meet him by chance, my first sentence might be "Hey Chuck, Wasup?"Coming to the course content, I didn't understand why they included object oriented programming in this course. Provides good exposure to SQL. There is a week of geocoding, though he doesn't walk you through everyline of geocoding exercise, throwing it out there gives exposure and opportunity to learn more on own.
Dr. Charles Severance is by far the best Computer Science professor out there!!!  I've done a significant amount of online Computer Science courses -as well as classroom courses back in college - and not one professor has been as fun and easy to understand as Chuck.  He puts presents every topic in such a way that you're never scared off thinking "i'll never understand this stuff."  He make computers and everything technical make sense.  I've basically binge-watched almost every lecture/course he's headed up.  I never knew how vital it was to understand Database development.  I also thought it would be outside of my realm of knowledge but now all i want to do is build databases to analyse.  He makes it so easy to comprehend.  I always thought i was Python was for wanna-be programmers but now i'm proud to say Python is my language of choice.  SQL scared the hell out of me before i took this course.  Now it's my first stop when i'm planning to develop a new model.He makes learning fun and seems like he's be a really fun guy to get to hang with.  Thanks Dr. Chuck for your love of teaching, you're the best!
The course is great... You can  definitely learn many things... Was kind of hard for me and i went many times back and forth through most of the lectures... However i think  i learn many new things....
Wonderful course! I learnt many useful SQL statements and know how to combine database operations into python program. Dr. Chuck's lectures are always comprehensible and clear. Thank you, professor.
This course was great! I enjoyed parsing different types of data: from documents and the web. This course is definitely (rudimentary) a must take course for anyone who wants to go into data science.
This course helped me to understand the basics of databases, in this case, sqllite, then I learned how to create Table in a database using python programming, then Dr.chuck taught us as how to use our previously learned material in a practical example. How to read a file from the internet, then parse it in json and then creating a database and finally visualize the data. 
I strongly recommend this course and its amazing  instructor.
This course is well designed to get fast launching in programming & talking to data with python. As the name suggests " Python For Everybody ", courses in this specialization really signifies that.
another course made greatly with Dr.Charles , I have never expected I will reach this far in learning programming on my own.
Dr. Chuck, a long time ago, probably 2 years ago or so, I enrolled in your first Python course after trying several times to learn programming with no success. Before my enrollment, I was deeply impressed by the fact that you're so courteous and generous to allow everybody to use your precious teaching materials (books, slides, videos, etc.) for no charge. I thought to myself, "Not so many people do this these days, who is this guy??". After watching the first video, I could not stop ever since. Your presentations are outstanding and quite engaging. Your sense of humor is amazing. The effort that you put into your slides never went unnoticed. The writing style of your Python book is very nice. Everything you say or write shows how passionate you are about your work. But, what is even more impressing is the amount of time and effort that you give for no charge to help others. Obviously, you could have made thousands of dollars if you used your time and efforts otherwise, but, fortunately, you chose another route, which, in fact, pays off in the long run. Probably, you did not get as much money as you deserve, but you helped many thousands of people who needed help and made them so much grateful to you. Now, thousands of people in all corners of the world know about the unique, quality work that you deliver.
Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher. This is true particularly because he is so passionate about the subject and skilled in both the craft as well as helping others to learn it. For me, learning databases has been a very fun and liberating study. I needed it. I have been planning my own version of a personal finance application with all of the features and customization that I want in it for some time now. Learning databases was and is an important step in reaching the knowledge level that I think I need to attempt my project with some probability of success and happiness with the end product. I have done some event-driven programming in Python, and have messed around in someone else's GUI in that class, but designing and implementing my own GUI won't be easy. Thanks to Dr. Chuck's class series, however, I feel much more confident that I can go out there and review the different third party GUI libraries and see if any will get the job done for now. Alternatively, the University where Dr. Chuck teaches also has a web design certificate that seems like it might be useful. If GUI programming is too hard I might go with a web version since I have heard that Javascript, particularly jquery and D3 would make my task of graphing and presenting financial data quite doable.
I am in the midst of completing the 5th course in the Python for Everybody Specialization, I have no programming background prior to taking the 1st course and have learnt a lot from these courses.  I put in effort and the hours studying the materials provided.  Although, this course is unlike the first 2 courses in the specialization where we learned to write codes, I gained knowledge by doing due diligence in researching and experimenting codes to help in excelling all assignments.  Make use of lecture videos, textbook and code examples all available for us students, dedicate your focus and time to achieve your academic goals, get rid of spoon-fed mentality, you will thank yourself!  Forums are there, segregated by week to post questions where your peers and Dr.Chucks team of teaching assistants will help you out; having said that, please do read pinned messages by teaching staff in week forum before attempting assignments for detailed grading process.  I really enjoyed taking these courses including this 4th one and look forward in completing the capstone project in the following final course.  Thank you Dr. Chuck and team at UM and Coursera for making these courses available remotely!
Great course, So far one of the best I have seen in this planet.There is always room to improve the best to take it a notch up..... This is what I would do to make it better.1.Supply ton of more information for each course so students who are interested might explore but the new and additional information. This dont have to interfere with the course. Just for additional informations so the students can get some more info if they wanted.2.I like the fact that there is some industry talk someone who are in the Industry or who was in the industry who come and give a small tech talk ....please provide more motivational materials like this. Not all the time I want to see Mr. Chuck alone.3.Please come to Toronto.4.The reason I am able to finish this course because the assignments was easy .....IF it was hard forget it i would have quit long before...... this happens in lots of other coursers I take...Sorry its just me.
Once again, Dr. Chuck Severance delivers!  
Two weeks ago, I knew nothing about JSON, databases and APIs.  Now I'm working on an independent project and using the knowledge in this class to connect to databases with APIs, decode the information using a JSON library within python, and process the data to solve real world problems.  

The free online book is a great start to each week of learning. If you first study the book and practice with the sample code in each chapter with your Atom program, you will do well.  The lecture videos are solid and helpful, reinforcing the book material.  The assignments are fair and sometimes a little too easy but for this 5 course beginner sequence, overall I believe they're right on the money.  A huge thanks to Dr. Chuck and everyone involved in putting this course (and all 5 in this sequence) together!  I'm looking forward to the capstone (5th course) in a few days.
Thanks for this very helpful course, the lectures are clear and to the point, and fun. Sometimes I needed to read the manual and some online documentation on the topic (python.org) more in depth , but everything was easy to access, and to understand with a little practice, trial and error.  It is a comprehensive, hands-on introduction to the many possibilities of gathering and analyzing the data out there (on the web). The progress is gradual, with clever exercises to overcome common roadblocks. After this fourth course in the Python for Everybody specialization, I feel more confident for exploring the Python and SQL languages, and also other languages if need be. I also loved the bonuses, because they bring this whole creative world of programming to life. The Internet History, Technology and Security course is a good complement to these 4 courses. I look forward to the Capstone.
Loved this course! Dr. Chuck makes it fun by adding the bonus material - office hours videos as well as the fantastic interviews with all the computing greats whose work we've used so far but haven't had any chance to interact. The course itself is great at explaining tricky topics including web architectures involving crawlers, search engines, data wrangling code etc. without turning off new learners. The sql/ rdbms part eases learners into using DRI with without the actual declarations rather inserts and updates, but this is so vital a concept for databases that  there could possibly be some bonus video explaining this with a little bit more rigor (as sqlite does support foreign key references). Nevertherless a great course keeping in mind that it primarily deals with programming in python rather than db code.
Professor Chuck is my new hero.  Ok, some would say that the course is very easy.  In truth, it was for me, but I'm a professional programmer who fell in love with Python a few years ago and I'm always looking for excuses to just have fun with it.  And although for someone with my experience it is was not a difficult course, I still learned some things from it, and the instructor is a great, down to earth lecturer who is clearly very passionate about teaching and Python, and well, traveling the world.  ;)  So even if you are an experienced programmer, then unless you are sure that you absolutely can't learn anything more about using Python to access SQL databases and you don't want to have a lot of fun, then take this course!
I have been enjoying my journey through these courses by Dr. Chuck immensely. My only criticism is that sometimes the instructions for an assignment are a bit odd in wording, counter intuitive, even unclear. This issue may be more true of the previous course than this one. But the remedy if confused is the active and helpful forums. The mentors and teaching assistants are amazing, and often make pinned posts to guide students over hurdles, such as with the final assignment of this course and a problem with Google's API key. Still, the set-up, the skills learned, and most of all Dr. Chuck's engaging, easy to understand, and humorous lectures are well worth the time and price of admission.
Lots of moving parts in this course!  It ran the gamut of all the Python for Everybody courses so far, from file handling , line parsing, APIs, SQL, JSON, and html.  -- My AHA! moment was looking at a restaurant review in nytimes.com.  The article had a google map:  I looked at the html code and sure enough, could spot the html script containing the JSON file listing the title, address, latitude, longitude, etc.  That was very exciting to see our class work reflected in real world application.  -- I look forward to the next course, the Capstone Project.  I am very confident and excited for this next step in my education.
Same as the 3 previous courses in this specialization, this one is also very informative. And the explanations are very clear.Only one thing I realize after these 4 courses -- exercises are all very simple, or rather, the difficult part of the exercises are already made, and we only need to add very simple part of the code. This way we don't get much practice. As a result, when i wanted to program something myself, i needed to search for references constantly. But probably the final project of the specialization is exactly there to cover the practicing part. Looking forward to it.
It's still a good series of courses, and now they are breaking down the lectures into shorter chunks. That makes it easier to download and easier to manage my study time.The slides and screenviews are still hard to see. Tiny purple text on a black background just *does*not*work*.Up to week 2 I'm finding the explanations are not deep and detailed enough, and the assignments are too easy and superficial. But I guess that's OK, it's a short course and it gives you a quick overview of a bunch of different technologies. It is very good at that.
This course lays a concrete foundation to structured query language (SQL) and SQLite3 database browser (this is just but one among many including MySQL, SQLServer, Oracle, PostgreSQL, etc.) and relational databases in general. No mention of nonrelational databases like MongoDB although it's a perfect start. I plan to learn more databases. I also learned some unique tips from Dr. Chuck's brief introduction to object oriented programming (OOP), which I could relate to SQL. I recommend this course to anyone who has some background in Python.
This course will introduce students to the basics of the Structured Query Language (SQL) as well as basic database design for storing data as part of a multi-step data gathering, analysis, and processing effort. The course will use SQLite3 as its database. This course will cover Chapters 14-15 of the book Python for Informatics. To succeed in this course, you should be familiar with the material covered in Chapters 1-13 of the textbook and the first three courses in this specialization. This course covers Python 2.
Dr. Chuck is very knowledgeable and clearly passionate about ensuring that everybody know how to program. Further to this, the information that was provided in this course, along with the specialization's accompanying courses, gave me enough knowledge to begin my own venture into scraping, cleaning and storing web content. Add this to the University of Michigan's specialization in Data Science and you'll definitely have solid foundational knowledge of how to collect, manipulate and analyze digital data.
Dr Chuck makes the daunting look less daunting. Subjects covered include exploration of API, grounding in data scraping etiquette, basic data modeling economical database normalization, continuation of Google API geocoding, use of Python for scraping and cleaning data. The course assumption is that if you made it this far, you can handle a speedier pace of content delivery. The discussion forums are more valuable too, as one learns what libraries and functions differ between Python 2.7.x and Python 3.x.
I'm going to recommend THIS course to everyone, to me it's like the core course of the whole bunch of stuff.  It's very easy to find syntax about Python on the web, cause you have Python in your mind, after all that what you're pursuing. But modern programming is more than that: you need storage to store all information/data you gathered. That's why you need to learn this course. All basic concepts are covered, SQL, primary key, etc. Even if you don't use Python, databases are still of most importance.
As having completed all coursers of introduction to python environment, I can fully recommend this series of courses to anyone interested in learning how to program. Is it not an impossible task, just a little time and commitment. Thanks to Dr. Chuck, he is the best teacher and he really knows how to lay these subjects in an easy and understandable way. I hope in the future there will be more courses like these to become a better programmer and student and to learn new and interesting things.
I had a basic knowledge on SQL and database. This course gave me opportunity to use these skills in a programming language Python. Course provides not only dealing with SQL but also other web data exchange tools such as xml and json. As all you know from former courses, Dr. Chuck makes a great job and keep everything simple by giving key points and ideas to students and encouraging them to explore more of it. Thanks a lot for this great course series and highly recommend to anyone.
Overall good. However, I often feel incomprehensible during the lecture. Teachers often mention things that have not been taught before. And I have no foundation in computers, which leads me to not understand what the teacher is saying. There are too many codes that have not been taught in the code examples. Although I can roughly understand what those functions are, I can't clearly understand the meaning of each line in a program, which makes me feel frustrated and confused.
Great learning experience. Now on my last leg of the specialization and I feel comfortable making my own programs. I started with 0 programming knowledge but advanced Excel skills. I have made various programs and made even more friends withing the PY4E community.  This course has definitely helped me make the programs I want and needs. From simple to more complex web scraping and data base management personal projects this course will definitely guide you through Python 3.
As with the previous courses in this series, this class is excellent.  It builds on what what was discussed in the preceding courses and combines it all to show students how it all comes together to create practical applications.  Not only that, but you will learn about how databases work as well as best practices for building databases.  Charles Severance has a way of making seemingly complex concepts very simple to understand.  One of my favorite instructors thus far.
These courses, taught by the well spoken Professor Severance, is fantastic for beginners in the Python language. I feel like I've learned more from these than any book I just picked up and started reading. Charles Severance not only explains how to work with Python but the full spectrum of W's(who, what, when, why).I'd recommend signing up for this if you are interested in Python. In fact, I've touted its usefulness to quite a few people in conversation.
This course does an excellent job of blending a basic introduction to relational databases and SQLite with some important tools in Python.  Folks comfortable with SQL can probably skip most of the lecture in weeks 2 and 3, as the content is focused on learning SQL and using the SQLite browser as opposed to using Python with these tools.  This was a great way to bring together the fundamentals from the first three courses in this specialization.
Since I have informed my family that I started with Python and ohhhh I will be finally programming, they kept saying "yeah that's cool but you also should learn to treat databases". I was like "what are databases? why databases?" And after this course I will definetely go further for them! SQlight is so convenient and cool! I like Dr Chuck's style of teaching very much and always follow him. This course is worth the highest grade ever!
Great course to make students familiar with databases fundamentals, data retrieving from API and data mining concepts. Prof. Severance excellent teacher and tells about history of information technologies and about databases fundamentals in that way to interest the students.For me it was a little bit easy class, because I'm already familiar with the databases, but the rest of the course was new for me, useful and very interesting.
This course gives a great introduction to SQL and how it can be used inside of Python for communicating with Databases. The pace is good and the exercises are explained well, though the quizzes can be a bit more difficult. Final exercise was good, but I think it can be more challenging by giving less suggestions how to do something and by giving more independence to students. Overall, the course was awesome and I learned a lot.
This course is as awesome as the other ones in the series. I love the way things from all the courses(SQL, accessing data from web API's etc.) merges together in the end. This course complements the others and the series as a whole teaches one enough to develop some useful programs. I wish there were more of coding exercises rather than just code completion. Overall, a great learning experience with Dr. Chuck, the Pythonista.
The final course in the amazing Python for Everybody Specialization by UMich and Dr. Charles Severance.  Really glad I took part in these series, which improved my skills in Python programming.  Real hands-on approach to show the basic and essential concepts about how to interface with databases using as a tool the embedded sqlite, how to correctly define normalized tables, and how to implement important design patterns.
The course is amazing, the professor gives you right examples an amount of information for understanding the topics. After you finish the course you are not an expert but you have the right concepts and knowledge for developing your projects. Furthermore, the additional material (interviews) are pretty interesting. I audit the course but I did all the homework, you must do the homework to really understand the topics.
I definitely recommend this course! It advances one's knowledge not only in Python - which is the purpose of the whole specialization - but also in domains such as databases, data management systems, and pretty much all the basic knowledge one needs to obtain basic understanding of a company/product data infrastructure. It' a must-take! And of course, as usual, Dr. Chuck makes the whole experience a true enjoyment.
This course provided an thorough conceptual introduction to Databases, their basic structure and function, and insight into how they can be incorporated into practical applications. A few of the problems were challenging, but worth while once the solutions became apparent. If you have already completed the first three courses in the series i would advise you give this an effort. It should prove to be beneficial.
Still absolutely awesome program.  Only two comments.  I understand it's probably necessary, but I didn't like relying on code I didn't understand  - I don't like the "take it on faith".  Other is that I liked the old video approach in which both Dr. Chuck and the code were visible simultaneously, rather than alternating between.  Otherwise a really important course to make available to everybody. Thanks -
I loved the course, course material and instructor. This was one of my favourite courses in the specialisation, and loved learning about SQL - even if it is just at a very basic level. It would have been nice if we learnt a few more SQL language principles (but I realise that this is a Python course :-)) - but it has given me some food for thought - and also possibly inspired me to take a SQL course next.
This course helped me understand all the fundamentals and basics of database, relational database and programming python application with Python. Thanks to Dr. Chuck and University of Michigan for this amazing course. Dr. Chuck has made the learning very easy with adding a lot fun with the study.Last but not least, thank you Coursera for making this course available to us on this platform. Appreciate !
Again another good course by one of your instructor, Mr. Severance. I like to attend course where there is fun and passion and this is quite usual with him. I understand the choice of sqlite over fully fledged sql server: simple and widely available. I was tempted to give 4 stars because of it but I can see that it will add unnecessary and misleading complexity since the course is about Python mostly.
The 4th class I had for python with Dr Chunkmuch better than last one, "Exploring Data Sources (Project)", with quite a lot arguments among the student and communitythis time Dr Chunk knows there are so namy noobs like me, who need case study with lines to line intrepretation everything he do Worked Examples. It really helps in keep reminding us and understand how things works.So, nowI know python
This was a very exciting course giving an insight into data modelling challenges, working with databases  and visualization of data and showing smart ways of how Python can making our lives much easier by automating processes around databases. The course also covers the basic terminology of Object Orientated Programming making it a good liaison with what's been discussed in the previous lectures.
This course tied in all the various uses of Python for data analysis, including data scraping, data loading, data cleansing, database design, data analysis, and visualization. I am now going to take the Data Science with Python Course, after completing the capstone for this certification! Thanks again Dr. Chuck, and hope to meet you in an office hours when you visit Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada!
Prof Chuck did an excellent job introducing this course. It may not be explained in detail, and students are not expected to understand every single line of code but that's OK because as he mentioned previously, this course is just a beginning, a stepping stone to learning Python better in future. Take further courses and look up information on the Internet. Keep learning and all the best!
Would have liked a bit more hands-on with the code in this section, plus some material felt a bit forced here because there was nowhere else for it to go. The course changed from Python 2 to 3 while I was doing it, which I think could have been handled better.That said - it's enough to start using Python in a real-world context, and I have respect for anyone who gets through these courses.
It was awesome experience to developed database skill using python programming language and i would like to say thanks to Dr. Chuck, you really make it simple by the way you taught.So, i highly recommend this course who like to go with the beginning of the database skill with python programming. In fact, i recommend to go with all the previous course in python for everyone specialization.
The course is well-structured, nicely presented by Dr. Charles Russell Severance and has a lot of interesting additional materials such as interviews with the top names from the world of computer science (Andrew Tanenbaum, Niklaus Wirth, etc.) and selfie-like meetings with the course students. Though I expected this course to be a little bit more challenging, I have really enjoyed it.
Great course to get your step into the database world with Python. Professor Severance shares some nice code applications and examples that you can help you understand basic database solutions. Fundamentals of databases are also quickly and nicely elaborated. This is not a deep course by any means but it's a great way to start if you don't want to spend too much time with theories.
This course was awesome, as were the rest of the courses in this set by Dr. Chuck. He does a really good job of explaining the content so it's understandable. I found that I REALLY like working with database programming, so now I'm off to find more database programming courses to learn more. :-) Thank you so much for this course set, Dr. Chuck! Can't wait to see more from you! :-)
Great course! When you have an awesome instructor(hats of to Dr.Chuck), well curated content and good mentor support you are going bound to like the lesson.Qualifications:As this is the 4th course of the specialization you will need a strong understanding of python,JSON and XML. If you are not familiar with the same try taking the starting courses.Excellent course!A 15 year old,
The course is very good as it connects SQL and Python so you get to learn 2 things at the same time (more SQL). You also get to learn database management which is a very good skill to have these days. Instructor is very good and explains things in good detail. The course requires you to complete the previous courses of this specialization otherwise you can miss a lot of things.
I knew python to some extent before this course. Now i have learned so much and even started writing small command line applications and web scrapers on my own. This course is just a great way for me to get started on databases too. This will be help me write really useful command line applications. Thanks to coursera for bringing this wonderful specialization into my life.
This course helped me better understand how python can be a powerful ally of databases. With the interaction of python and SQL database management, Dr. Severance explains with detail all the concepts, without loosing his histrionic style of teaching that makes it so easy to watch. I am planning to finish the last Capstone project to complete my sets of skills in this area.
I really appreciate the course.  Professor Charles explained  every line of the code written by him and also gave real time examples and problems for assignments, which is my favorite part.  I'd also be elated if the course fee had been a bit lesser than the mentioned as I cannot afford that amount for a single course. Nevertheless, overall it's a good course to enroll.
Now, I am going to a take up the next capstone project, and after the I have completed this specialization and than I am going to give really a good comment. And for now you you Dr. Charles, you are amazing and also the team member who really help me a lot in resolving my issues so a special thank to them also and finally this thanks to all you guys Vikas Rathee
Great course for those not familiar with databases and SQL. Well paced and the program templates are very good in making sure that the students understand what it is they're trying to do without letting the writing of the same code that was written for previous courses and assignments get in the way of the new material. Dr. Severance is an incredible instructor.
Dr. Chuck is a genius who can teach anything with so much ease in just 5-10 minutes and i have been taking his courses regularly. But this one i found it just a bit difficult and sometimes lost specially in Many-to-Many Relationship. That was the hardest i think. But still I am now comfortable in using SQL Lite with Python which is a big step forward for me :)
I learned much more about what programming is used for and how it works. This last part of the course built on the 'building blocks' of the earlier modules and thought it went a bit fast in the final stages it left me feeling a real sense of achievement.The materials are really well organised and engaging. When I look back I see that I've come a long way.
An amazing course that concludes the Python set nicely. Dr Chuck does an excellent job and his textbook adds considerably to the convenience. The test questions and programming exercises are thought out well. They help to consolidate the material nicely without having to spend tens of hours but at the same time requiring some thought. Highly recommended.
It is a great course! This course is considered another proof of that Python has powerful tools and the flexibility to deal with different kinds of data sources. Thank you Dr. Chuck for everything, you made every thing simple and easy to grasp, I will continue with more advanced Python topics with the same mentality that I have learn during this course
I loved all the 4 specializations, they were well taught, great for beginners to get a hang of coding, and especially Python. Loved the Instructor and his codes/explanations. Dr. Chuck has been one of the best teachers I've ever had in my life and this comes from the heart.100% recommend it to anyone wishing to upskill or/and learn Python programming!
It's my honor to complete this course and its followings. Thank you,Professor Severance, for your detailed explanation and hilarious touch. And above all, thank you, Coursera, for providing such a great chance for all the students around the world, including me, a college student from China,which the access to the top courses of top universities.
I took this course after having taken courses 1 and 2 of this specialization. I enjoyed seeing in the end how Python integrates with SQL and JSON and JavaScript.We had already made code which we just had to run at the end and provide screenshots. Maybe a sixth week with a little bit more challenge involving actual coding would have been useful.
The course learns how to do really big stuff (SQL databases) with Python and in relatively simple way.What I really love about this course and the entire specialisation is that taking Python courses, in addition, you learn basics of 3 other programming languages along with Python! (XML, JSON, SQL)Thank you a lot, Dr. Chuck and the course team!
Very nice course with the introduction to Object Oriented Programming and then Databases. I struggled the most in this course (of the series), but with several replays of the videos and taking notes I was able to get 100 in all quizzes. The exercises are challenging but also with enough help from the instructor that they are quite manageable.
I've learned so much about the functional operations of a database and have already implemented changes in my day-to-day work.  While my focus is on Python for now, I feel that some additional courses or information on "best practices" of Database Models and Architecture.  Even in this short class, there are so many great note taking moments.
I really love Dr. Chuck and I think he is really famous in Michigan! But I may think the content of the courses is a little simple and homework is not so hard enough. In my perspective, maybe the course can get better if we learn more deeply and homework can be tougher. Anyway, hope to meet Dr. Chuck in Michigan! My e-mail is lxtian@umich.edu
I am really fun with this class and experience a totally different course from the traditional way. i need to figure out what is going wrong with my programme and postively search for any possible possibilites online. with the help from the textbook and online community, i enjoy myself using python to solve some problems in my daily life.
Dr. Chuck does a great job overing all the basics and providing resources needed to dive deeper.  The book is extremely useful, as were his videos and code examples.  After completion, a student should be able to connect to a database and perform useful work.  The course has high value, as the skills learned can be applied immediately.
The content and material provided is very good. The explanation is also very nice. In the bonus section please include optional case studies or any real or ongoing project so as who wants to learn more could do so by seeing real life examples and on going projects. Please also include a material set for the best practices in python.
The lessons were simple, concise and although the assignments are simple, they are unexpectedly satisfying! Dr Chuck must have put a lot of time to come up with the code, draft the materials for this course and make it accessible enough to people without a database background! I especially like the last assignment! Thanks Dr Chuck!
Dr Chuck has covered basics of relational database as well in this course where i learnt how to model a database from the available data we have .He has also successfully covered different ways to extract data from files (html,xml,json) and dump into database as well as pulll from database and write into file in specific format.
Teaches in a very clear way some fundamental concepts about databases and its integration with Python, although its relevante goes way beyond Python, as the concepts presented are fundamental to understand databases in any context. Very good job in introducing databases to those that have no previous knowledge about this topic!
I am so glad to part of this specialization Dr. Chuck, Thanks to this specialization, I've learned a lot about programming in Python. In this course, We have learned how to design model a database, how to use python to clean raw data and store the cleaned data into a relational database, how to query data with SQL and so on.
Course is really easy yet informative. It doesn't require writing a lot of code in the assignments, since you're given startup code for assignments, you only have to modify it to complete the assignment. Dr Chuck explanations are straightforward and easy to understand. The lectures are short and you can fallow them quickly.
It's a great course,it tells us how to connect python with other thing,like database.And let me know what is data mining.This serialization has help a lot,i love the professor,he is funny and patience,i think he is definitely a good teacher.If i can go to university of michigan and be his student,that would be really great.
Love Dr.Chuck , leading me into Python programming and become a learner of Python programmer.Love these series of courses and I have complete these courses today. Thanks again to Dr.Chuck and faculty of course. It helps me a lot and I feel accomplishment.  Looking forward for my new courses in relate courses(data science ).
I found this course brilliant. The topics were so well explained and it was an easy introduction to Databases with Python. I would highly recommend the course and recommend Dr. Charles Severence for his easy teaching style and his humour. The videos were very effective and the references to other sites very interesting.
Very well organized, great course materials (small modules and simple enough to understand),thoroughly explained in video lectures, but tasks need to specify more on what it is that's expected of participant to do. Also, very much like the history lectures and would like more of those as well as the more practical ones.
This course provides very useful information on how Python can be used to access the DB and how the data can be manipulated from the plain text/xml to DB and then to the real word applications such as Google Maps.Very useful and learnt a lot.  The presentation was very detailed and to the point.Thank you for the effort.
Great course and excellent introduction to the SQL databases. The only minor point is the last assignment - I was really looking forward to be challenged in some D3.js data visualisation, but the task had nothing to do with programming. On the bright side - I've got some boiler plate code to play with in my free time.
This course was very well presented. It is specially suited for people with no prior knowledge of SQL, this course got me very interested in SQL and databases. I will be signing up for the professor's SQL course. His style is great for online courses. He has a great way of explaining things and keeping your interest.
It is first time for me to have a bigger picture about Database and visualization, especially how to improve the data search capability by defining the three different keys, instead repeating data themselves.Recommending Dr. Chunk to pay a visit to Taipei Taiwan. Should be quite a feeling at info island to Professor.
Learned a lot about how to use database by instructions on python, how to manipulate data and renew it. And I've got the oppotunies to combine the things I learned before with database, like pulling out information in Email/html and download it to the database. As an introductionary course, it is pretty good! Thanks!
Being the last course in Python for Everybody Specialization, I expected this course to be somewhat harder than others, but it turned out to be just opposite. Maybe because I had some prior knowledge about SQL and database administration.Excellent work and effort by Professor Charles Severance and the teaching stuff.
I faced certain gap in this course and its been difficult to remember the syntax , although concepts i did know , But For a university student of A country where English is not dominant , Understanding the question is quite difficult for people who learn so many languages in their fields :) . But Still I recommend it
Dr Chuck is an excellent teacher.  His examples are clear, his methods are exemplary, his style is engaging.This course was listed as Beginner Level and it certainly met that expectation.Now, if he would only teach an Intermediate course on SQL and Python with more challenging examples, then I'd sign up right now!
This course is a little more "dry" than the other courses in the series but still very necessary. You'll learn about SQL, JSON, and XML. These are important skills to adequately understand how Python can be used to store large data sets. Overall, Dr. Chuck does a great job as usual by keeping the student engaged.
This class was great. It was the first computer science class I have completed that took you beyond working trivial "back of the chapter" programming problems. By the end of the course, I felt like I had a decent preview of what real software was capable of doing, and what it felt like to work on bigger projects.
The series of courses has been really great though I have enjoyed courses 1 and 2 way more than 3 and 4. The instructor is the stand out performer throughout all the courses, simply fantastic. The peer graded assignment takes time to get reviewed by instructors, there should a mechanism to assure faster grading.
The best ever course, Dr Charles is at his best and I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to start learning Python. I have gained confidence over Python.Thank you sir for a clear explanation of all the things, and I would definitely go through the videos multiple times in case I have any questions.
Excellent structure. A course I really enjoyed and learnedPerhaps should add optional assignments for more experienced users, in order to intrigue them. Additionally, upon completion, perhaps the e-mail should contain a link to the "correct" files of alla assignments, in order to assess our progress and methods
Using Databases with Python was a great introduction to what is possible with Python. It's not extremely rigorous and in-depth, but it gave me the basics to start learning more. If you are doing the certificate, it is certainly worth continuing through this course. A view into the potential power of databases.
I think this specialization is one of the best ways to start programming. I did start with this course and I cannot be more grateful! I'm currently developing my thesis project on python and I'm using databases, which are real hard to get right! Yet thanks to this particular course I got a huge head start!
I happily give 5 stars for this course. In a few words, I appreciated Dr. Chuck's style of teaching being emphatic when needed. The pace of the lessons was good and I could finish the course in a reasonable time, managing to acknowledge all the concepts. Thanks for the teaching, Coursera and UMich team!
Keep going. See you in the next course. You cannot imagine how incredible this course is, and it is especially friendly to those with 0 data/programing/math experience, unless you do enroll in this course and carry on. I start to enjoy programing. Maybe new pages would be revealed in front of me soon.
This course very beginner friendly anyone can learn how to use SQL with python . Prof. Dr Chuck know how to teach concept in easy way.. Here I learned how make databases through SQL command and through Python script also. I recommend this course to everyone. At the end Keep Learning and never stop.
Love this course!  A thoughtful introduction to using python with databases.  A great way to learn the basics of object oriented programming and databases.  Dr. Chuck explains everything clearly and I like the way he gradually builds upon previous knowledge to explain each new layer of information.
This was another superb course!! However I'd still suggest the following to make it even more complete:1) Please also show how to connect/operate with other DBMS like Oracle, MySQL using Python (at least briefly).2) Please delve a little deeper into OOP topics in Python, it looked a bit cut-short.
Dr Chuck,Databases was a dreaded subject for me. Tried my hands a couple of times and left it alone. Thanks to you and your team (if any), I am pretty confident of designing small scale DBs and play around with it.Again, simplification of explanations holds the key here. Kudos!!!rgds,umesh
I enjoy taking this course and learning how to interface with the database via Python.  I also appreciate Dr. Charles Severance for archiving and providing the bonus interview videos with legendary computer scientists such as Niklaus Wirth and Andrew S. Tanenbaum. They are worth watching!
A little bit of trouble with the Google API. The course materials should be updated, since it's not as straightforward as Chuck says in the lectures. I know this is because Google recently changed some stuff regarding API permissions, but stillcourse content should always be up to date.
Excellent course. Really loved the programming assignments as they were short and simple. Mainly focusing on the concepts learned. Instead of having to write the entire program from scratch. Prof provided us with the template which could be edited to practice and implement the concepts.
Really enjoyed this part of the course, I work with databases so it was great to add an element of programming to my background knowledge, I felt a bit cheated with the final week as it was more of an over view rather than a programming assignment but it was interesting to see how every
Good topic and will give Python developers a good start with database access and usage through the most basic cursor methods.  I would like a course like this to include setting up something like PyODBC. Maybe a 2nd more advanced course can be done for more extensive database activity.
I learnt what is personal data mining, I learnt what is API, I learnt how to use Google API and get desired data, not only that, I learnt how to go through hefty text file and turn it into useful data in my own database.  I learnt to how to create and use SQLite database using Python.
This course is actually lots of fun! Learning about the interaction between Python, Structured Query Language and web services imparts a much broader sense of how Python interacts with the wider world of computing, and has broadened my understanding of different computer languages.
If you don't know nothing about databases then this is the best way to start.You are going to learn SQLite which is a cool way to organize data like for example your music CDs track records, or your phone book.And the coolest part is Python can use it to get data and work with it.
Great course!  This is a fantastic introduction into creating and working with databases with Python; providing ample examples and explanation, as well as useful links to resources that offer greater depth if you so chose.  Looking forward to learning with you again, Prof. Chuck!
This course on Python has taught me the aspect of " DATA MINING " using Python. One of the best courses on Python and indeed very tought and challenging to do it.It also taught me how the " Google Web Crawling " works. Thank you Dr. Charles and Coursera for this beautiful course.
This course helped me a lot in learning about databases and how they interact with each other. I learned to create table and store data in the database. I also learned to retrieve data. I would recommend everyone to take this course if they want to learn something interesting.
This course have been a really exciting, enjoyable, motivator and effective way to make me own all the skills presented by the teacher Chuck. I think that all learning experiences must be so similar to this one: flexible, gradual, funny.Thanks you for all your effort and time.
Absolutely fantastic. Dr. Chuck's teaching style is completely in-sync with my learning style. The content is clearly presented and the effort in teaching shows. Thank you Dr. Chuck for taking the time to present this material and for creating the tools for all of us to use.
I liked the course assignments very much.  I have one query also i have completed all the five courses of the specialization but didn't get the certificate of specialization. kindly let me know if there i any procedure i need to follow or you will generate it by yourself??
i would like to thank my instructor, staff,all my peer friends for all kind of help and support throughout the journey of this specialization. the course is very amazing and becomes more intresting with the way how charles sir teaches.again Thank you very much everyone....
I really feel like I have a good foundation on SQL now. This course gets you to the point where you can pull data off the web, put it into a database and then output that to either a file or a basic visualization. I can use these skills immediately for my job. Well done.
I thought this was a really good class that brought all the concepts learned in the prior four classes together to show how a project might look in the real world that included reading, processing, and analyzing data including writing large amounts of data to a database.
The lectures and examples definitely give a great overview of using SQL with python. The assignments really helped to ingrain some of the lectures details .Some more assignments would definitely be helpful to learn more about the the intricacies of using SQL with python.
I think the Py4e courses are very, very good. They are  THE courses to take to master Python. Dr. Chuck seems very pleasant, while the lectures and assignments are laid out in such a way as to smoothly transition one from a Python beginner to someone nicely trained.
Excellent course! Well-organized introduction to methods and framework for using Python to capture data from online or other sources in databases. The quality of instruction and the pace and flow of the course were extraordinarily valuable for learning this topic
My learning was immense. Code writing and code understanding are given equal weightage. I appreciate the hard work of the teaching staff who have a huge task of manual evaluation of assignment submissions. Peer graded reviews are helpful in the learning process.
This course was very fun to do! I will be forever grateful to Dr. Chuck and Coursera team for giving me an opportunity to learn python programming this way. I'm looking forward to sharpen my python knowledge and apply to solve more and more problems! Thank you!
Dr. Severance, as always, teaches this course in a very straightforward and understandable manner. Anyone interested in Python programming should begin with this specialization from the University of Michigan due to its beginner friendly, easy to grasp nature.
Look no further! University of Michigan's Charles Severance courses are a MUST if you want to learn Python or basics of programming. Bonus videos really put a perspective on how all of the pieces of the computer/internet puzzle fit together.Highly recommended!
Thank you very much, Dr.Chuck, I cannot even express my gratefulness to you in words, what I have learned from your py4e courses is not only the programming knowledge but also the thinking way and logical method when solving problems in life, THANK YOU ALL!!!
Excellent course, very well structured, very good material and easy to understand. I am not trained in programming but it was easy to follow and understand the course and the materials. Thank you very much Dr. Chuck, can't wait to have office hours in Zurich!
Nice details are given in this course about database in sqlite and how to connect those database with python code and there different operation. I will recommend this to take this course but before this take python with web these are connected to each other.
My favorite of the Python specialization so far. You learn databases and structure as well as how to interface with them with python and various API's and data structures common on the web today (xml, JSON). Love the lectures. Dr. Chuck does a fantastic job.
That was my favourite course in the specialization, i took 1 week of materials every day, and i finished the course in 5 days, but i really hated the fact that i had to wait for 6-7 other days to get my last assignment graded and finally get my certificate.
This will get tougher than the previous courses by a wide margin, as a supplement one needs to go through additional supplementary materials and practice a lot to be able to really get a clear grasp of the really diverse things being taught in this course.
This is too an exceptional course just like other 4 courses in this specialization (Python For Everybody). Only my tiny concern was it would be better if we worked with MySQL rather than SQLite. That's all, course is fantastic. Cheers to Charles Severence.
Best coursera course I've done so far. Thanks for a great course. Would reccomend anyone who has used ORM's ,but is not yet comfortable with relation database theory and using raw SQL to take this course. Also great for people who enjoy python in general.
Very good as always, I have taken a lot of online courses, Charles is a good teacher/ professor, that explains exactly what is needed very well and doesn't overcomplicate concepts. If you pay full attention to his videos, exercises are very easy as well.
There is no other option but to give "5 stars" to dr. Chuck's db's & python. Glad I could participate at. A highly recommended for everyone wishing to receive some insight into sql-like db's from pythonic perspective. Funny and insightful - just perfect.
The course is amazing because it allows to the students to get to know more about SQL, the level of importance of the language, and also how it is related to python in order to retrieve the data from a website in a database and some other cool features!
Great instructor, very clear on his statements and it was great to have the most important functions reinforced during the lessons.  the course gives all the fundamentals you'll need to keep learning and build your own applications using Python and SQL.
Dr. Chuck is a treat to listen to! I learned a lot and felt reasonably challenged (this might also be because I took this course without knowing that it was the last in a serires of courses). It was a lot of fun! Thank you very much for the experience!
Excellent teaching by Dr.Chuck once again and thoroughly enjoyed taking this course.Good support from teaching staff in the forums too.Suggest that the assignments(especially the final one in visualization be bit more tough than what it is right now).
I had some experience with SQL from many years ago and a little practice in php for web programming.  Even without this knowledge from before I think that this course gives a good introduction into working with databases with Python. I enjoyed it.
This class was great for starting down the road to use Python for true processing of data, particularly for populating databases with data scraped from the web/similar sources. Looking forward to applying what I have learned to my day-to-day life!
The course completes the series and does it well.  I work for one of the RDBMS vendors, so I've been around SQL for a long time, and this course does an excellent job at the basics, plus how to use python along with the basics. Highly recommended.
Some of the assignments were a little easy (usually just do a small modification of the provided code), but I think I still learnt enough to get started with using databases . The presenter is engaging enough and explains concepts very clearly.
Enjoyed every lecture. Dr. Chuck does an excellent job in explaining the concepts covered. Not too challenging assignments were also key. The bonus videos are very inspiring to see all those really smart yet humble people talk about their work.
This course has added to my knowledge of python, how to use database SQLite in particular, SQL commands, processing and data visualization. Thank You, Dr. Chuck Severance, for this beautiful course. Looking forward to completing the Capstone.
Another great course from Dr. Chuck. Have you ever wondered how to read data and build databases using Python? Then this course is for you. Easy to follow along, good lectures and material and (quite) easy but good assignments. Two thumbs up!
Fantastic course! Thank you so much to Dr Chuck, you have done a great job of creating this course, and making it accessible, educational and entertaining at the same time!Thank you s much and I do hope you go on to make more coursesThank you
An introduction for database concept, but only a introduction. The sparking point is the use of python to manipulate the database, in detail sqlite. Thanks Chuck for this wonderful course, making me think that database is not that difficult.
Very  useful course in the process of learning Python & Databases with Python. Learnt about lot of cool stuff such as OOP, Classes and Objects, Inheritance data bases, SQLite, Database Modeling, Relational Database and Using Google Maps API.
This course cut away a bit from the Python-only track and ventured into beginner SQL territory, which was an excellent choice. In this course the pieces really started to come together. I was expecting a bit more difficult exercises, though!
Professor Chuck have continued his brilliant course series right up to the final lecture, I thoroughly enjoyed it. The lessons and assignments were one of the best. Thanks for making this journey so incredible. On to the capstone now ... !!
This is a great course especially for those people who are new to the database. Relational Database was the most difficult part for me. Now, I fully understand what is the relational database and how to construct a database step by step.
This course is great. Someone may say this is easy, I guess it's different learning process. To me, I carefully reviewed the code which the professor listed during the class, I find this is very helpful and I learned a lot as a beginner.
with learning only a litte bit of coding, Dr. Chuck teaches you that much can be achieved. He successfully shows how quickly you can abstract code and simply implement functions or objects that do a lot of coding for you. Great teacher!
It is an awesome systematically organized course for a beginner to learn SQL commands. Dr. Charles explains concepts brilliantly with good examples. It is a very good course for someone who is wanting to enter the world of databases...
This is a good course for using Python with a special version of SQL.  Even though it could use a little more depth on the SQL portion, it provides real, usable examples to recognize the powerful potential that exists with these tools.
Awesome course with very basic details about how to deal with DB related functionality using Python. Charles is one of the best instructor I have came across. Will recommend this course to everyone who is interested is Python and DB!
I think these courses are very useful to me, Excellent instructor,efficient teaching methodology,assignment explanations are very good.Thank you for courseera team and University of Michigan, such a wonderful opportunity given to me
Another great course from Dr. Chuck. I have taken an introductory python class before, but had never learned any SQL or anything to do with databases. It is clear how many possibilities this subject can open up for your programming.
Excellent course. It could be more challenging, but it is still a fun, well-delivered and well-balanced course that benefits the beginner as well as the novice. Dr. Chuck is great and very engaging. Looking forward to the capstone.
Another great course in this specialization that shows how python interacts with databases. Professor Chuck does a great job in explaining all the concepts and showing examples. I am already looking forward to the Capstone project.
Great class and great set of classes.  Dr. Chuck does an awesome job of clearly conveying concepts that stick with you.  I have already used the content I've learned to perform some the associated tasks of my job better and faster.
Great instructor and well  organized course content, including the quizzes and assignments. The bonus material with the interviews with some computer science gurus, like Gordon Bell, Andrew Tannembaum and Niklaus Wirth was a plus.
It is really difficult topic to me before taking this course. Although it is still not easy for me to write programs operating database on my own, with the support from the course and enough practice I believe I can make it clear.
I can honestly say (as a person with a Master's in Computer Science ... so I have taken ALOT of CS related classes and courses while in industry), Dr. Chuck is one of THE best professors/teachers out there. Thanks for everything!
It's a great course. Prof. Severance is a very good instructor that makes hard things look easy. Though I'm not a noob in Python programming, I've learnt a couple of cool tricks. And one more thing, the bonus videos are awesome!
An excellent course with an awesome instructor! Really enjoyed every step of what I did in this course. Explanations and slides along with assignments(which requires good understanding of the concepts) were absolutely spot on.
By far one of the most complete Python courses. You go from someone who understand nothing (or just a few things) about Python and, in case you continue, end with enough knowledge to come up with your own ideas and solutions.
Dr. Charles Severance is  a wonderful coach. The way he has designed this course is wonderful. I am so happy I started my data science journey with his course . Now I am gonna never stop. Many thanks to you sir. Many thanks.
Very nice and informative course. A lot of practical examples and inspiration for further use. I missed a bigger final assignment, but then again I assume that is what the capstone project is for. Overall a very good course!
Really feel like the progression and pace of learning through this whole specialization has equipped me with the tools to continue experimenting and learning how to apply advanced concepts of the basics I have learned here.
This series of courses is fantastic. Just used some of the database tools with Python at work and a customer was so thrilled she asked my boss to make my approach the standard going forward. Looking forward to the Capstone.
Enjoyed this course thoroughly. The course content is amazing. Learned a lot. Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor and makes everything interesting to learn. SQL lite is an amazing tool. Database made easy by Dr. Chuck!!!
Outstanding... just like every other course from Dr. Chuck. I honestly wasn't sure I'd be able to wrap my brain around the material (databases), and this was presented in a logical way with relevant real-world examples.
This course teaches solid fundamentals about using Python to interact with datatbases.  It also provides great deal of background information on the wider world of software development and basic database administration.
This course has been the fourth step in the specialization. It is more about SQL than Python, but it is very useful to get a big picture of what is going on behind the scenes of many web applications.
Thanks Dr. Chuck!
This class was phenomenal. As hard as all the code was, Dr.Chuck made the experience enjoyable and humorous. I would recommend this class to anyone who has all the background knowledge needed to succeed in this class.
Great class and Dr. Chuck makes it as fun as can be while keeping it informative.  Also the class touches on just enough material so one can learn independent of the course work so you can expand your Python toolbox.
This course is excellent for beginners. As said by Dr.Chuck its really a "Personal Data Mining" course, i.e an introduction to what actually happen in Data Mining. Must Recommended for all Data Science enthusiast's.
This was a very good overview of the material that will jump start you into practical application.  Dr. Chuck was entertaining and good at explaining the topics, especially  topics like object oriented programming.
Very inspiring and helpful teaching materials; I have been following Dr Chuck since course 1. I am loving this course and will continue to follow up courses in Python and courses taught by Dr Chuck in the future.
This course shows off how easy and quickly one can obtain, store, and manipulate data in a database using Python..  Excellent course with rapid learning of material that can be immediately used in the real world.
This is a great introductory course to understanding databases through the python language. All of Chuck's python courses are the perfect way to lay a foundation of solid understanding in python to build from.
Did not know how datbases work. Did not know SQL. Prof. Severance, has explained  and deconstructed this so well in the lectures with examples that now it does not seem so intimidating. A great course indeed !
This course provides me the basic knowledge of databases and their working and really help me to understand how things work in the background of any organization with huge data set. Overall very nice course.
Dr Chuck is an amazing and inspirational teacher I cannot reccommend this course highly enough I have enjoyed every moment of it.  Thank you sir for everything you have done to bring education to the masses.
Dr. Charles gives student the whole picture of DB with Python, you can not only learn the DB concept, but also why Python coding does. This is different with other online course that only focuses on coding.
Exceptional course.  Great guidance through the basics of databases, worked examples and challenging assessments.  I recommend this course to anyone interested in setting up, or interacting with databases.
Very Good Course for getting started with Python. Really shows the ease of python and how quick, we are able to do things with python.  Charles is very good in teaching the concepts and loved this course.
Learned a lot in this course i.e OOP, databases fundamentals. That's enough foundation to go advance in this domain. Sir Charles is an amazing and coursera is a great platform to learn. Thanks both! 
Excellent course with in depth explanations. It is well structured. It learn to access Data bases from very basics to optimum level. It help me to understand details of using Python to Access Databases.
It was a great journey, I learnt a lot in this course and I will continue to learn all of it, many many thanks to Dr. Chuck and the staff, It's a great course, I enjoyed a lot with python and Dr. Chuck.
Again a good course from Dr.Chuck this course covered basics of SQL and Python using database, All the assignments are very good if you want to explore more there is some good videos in Bonus lectures.
Very good and easily accessible. Mostly about databases and how to use them through Python, less on Python itself. The assignments were too easy though. Usually one had to add one to few lines of code.
the way this course is design is absolutely amiziong. just good amount of most important information is provided. task are not too complecated to finish (maybe coudl be little more dificult:) love it!
It's an excellent course. Thanks for the oportunity to learn. Thanks to Coursera, to the University of Michigan and of course to Dr. Chuck, a very good an enthusiastic teacher! All the best for you!
I learned how to create a database model and trying to create models for my own day to day data for practicing. It's a really great tool for sorting things out. Thanks Coursera, Thanks Dr. Chuck :)
Tied together many data transfer concepts that I had heard of but did not understand.  Very interesting set of topics - makes a novice understand what other languages might be interesting to learn.
Solid foundation course using python with databases. The instructor is good, keeps things simple at first while still teaching what is needed for a foundational course. Thanks for all the lessons!
Amazing experience yet again... Dr Chuck makes it so seamless to connect python, with web data retrieval, json/xml parsing and then linking it all into building a database from scratch. Thank you!
Well taught course, with material made easy to understand and discussed in an engaging way. The assignments really help to solidify your understanding and are like puzzles that I enjoy working at.
one of the best course you can take. you'll learn a lot and not just about python but about database too, XML, Json, and is really a fun fun course to take, and the instructor is one of the best.
this course is very helpful. It would be even more charming if the difficulty level increases slightly after several training videos to throw challenge at the programmer.Rest its worth 5 stars...
Excellent refresher for me; and a good basic level course for those new to programming and want to understand the basic concepts of writing code, connecting and parsing data in a much easier way.
I love that this course builds on top of previous ones so you can see it all coming together.I recommend this course for everyone who's willing to expand the scope of their skills in programming
Some of the assignments were quite challenging, which is really great. The course is more difficult than the previous two but good explanations and guidance from mentors help a lot! Thanks a lot
The course is simple and easy.Dr.Chuck takes you through databases,how to write SQL queries,execute them and so on.My advice is to do the other three courses first and then move on to this one.
It was very interesting and usefel advature to the world of databases with Python. I learnt how to use SQLite and Python to build databases and knew about their design. Thank you Dr. Severance!
well designed class especially the homework. by going through all the homework, i have dramatically improved my python data extraction and database management skills. Great introduction course!
Hands down , This course will be taught by Dr chuck need I say more, One of the best professor on this coursera platform, who explains concepts in such a way that any one can understand them .
I really enjoyed this module. It's been years since I coded in SQL, and it was nice to be reintroduced to it. Well done to the staff who does all the grading and answers all of our questions.
Great course! It's that simple.  Dr.Chuck is a great teacher! If you want to understand and use SQLite database(and basically databases) with Python, take this course. It's fun and fast too.
Definitely learned new skills on this course. Dr. Chuck is knowledgeable, engaging and a very skilled teacher, which made for an enjoyable lecture series. Looming forward to the Capstone now!
This is very recommendable course to start learning python programming. You will get your hands dirty with the working assignments. I appreciate the instructor deep knowledge in programming.
Another great course in a great series. I'm deeply appreciative to Dr. Chuck and everyone else who helped develop this specialization. I really hope to see more from this team in the future!
Although I have been working in Oracle DB for years, as I expected,  still learned a lot of new things from this course.  I am glad I took some days off from work to sharpen my skills here!
Accepted Good python course you are at right place. This course helps to learn so many things.  You can easily understand all thing. Given Assignment is perfect for for test your knowledge.
Its been a great experience throughout the course..Starting from writing a single line of code and going to these lengths was a mere dream to me..Thanks to Dr.Chuck and all the instructors.
I feel so happy to have taken this course from Dr. Chuck! Thank you so much! I have really learned a lot about databases and how to use Python effectively, and I feel so satisfied about it.
in this certification we are learning database concepts how to create table,insert table,delete table and update table.what is the primary key,foreign key all are learning in this concepts.
Wonderful wonderful, course. Don't mind the codes just go through it as if you are the one re-coding so as to be able to understand what the instructor was doing before answering a question
Course is easy, but that's fine. Dr. Chuck explains and shows everything in an easy to understand way, and I know that I came away from this course with a ton of new ideas of what I can do.
Another fantastic course to get the Python juices flowing - this time with an excellent intro to SQLite and linking all previous modules of the specialization together. Good fun as always.
I found the Python-SQL code could be explained better during first classes, while now some of the basics are explained well only in the final class. It is still an excellent course though.
When I started this course I didn't know what Python can do. But now, this final course revealed the power of Python used for Database. Thank you Dr. Chuck for taking me in this adventure!
This course presents you python-database accessing concepts via sqlite, if you are trying to learn accessing Oracle or anything other enterprise database product consider this as alphabets
I love this course very much, as I get to learn the database , understand the usage of SQL, and the interaction between the python with relation database management. This is so awesome!!!
Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher. All the concepts are beautifully explained with worked out examples at end of each module. Highly recommended for those who are starting to learn python.
I have learned so much from these courses.  I really like Dr. Chuck's style.  I have a firm grasp of Python now, and I'm very eager to continue building my skills.  Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
The content of the course are sufficient. However, the technicalities involved in the code walk-through needs to be explained, which will make the examples more relevant to the students.
Dr. Chuck is an awesome teacher! I like his teaching style.However, please remove peer-graded assignment. Most of the times, it delays students from completing their courses.Thank you.
Good course for intermediate and beginner to learn the basic, concept and definitions of database structure. And learn how to manipulate data from any source i.e. database, XML, json.
Great class! Really liked learning how to interact with databases in Python and will be using this foundational knowledge to continue the development of my database design/SQL skills.
The course gave me a lot of understanding about the Databases and how to design it and use Python to do stuffs with Databases. overall the course was really fun, engaging and useful.
Like every course in this specialization, this course is very well instructed and covers a lot of topics while the instructor managing to keep all approach simple and understandable.
Great class. Although I feel that for someone like myself (still a beginner with python) it is good to take a break and practice coding/reading codes, then I shall take the capstone.
Excellent course!!!I learned some important concepts about SQL, databases and the application of Python in data visualization. The demo presented by Dr. Chuck was really interesting.
great instructor with great course and material , i have learned about database and used sqlite as a DBMSlearned the primary query and stored data from xml and json into my local DB
The best way to meet programming as a discipline for the first time! harismatic teacher, useful assignments, well-thought-out course. Thank you Charles Severance and Coursera team!
I am satisfied with provided information and can say that assignments was pretty interesting for me. Love maps and coordinate systems, so last assignment was especially interesting.
Dr Chuck does a great job of creating fun and engaging exercises that teach core Python and programming principles. This was a fun class with great interviews in the bonus section.
This course was very accessible and well-taught. I already had some background with Python and with databases, but I feel I still learned a fair amount from the course. Thank you!
a very good course to start learning python, professor Charles makes all the courses simple to understand, so at last I have a better understanding of using databases with python.
Never thought i'd finish the 1st, 2nd, 3rd course, coz its programming - boring.... guess what? 4th course done!!! Dr. Chuck is the man! this course is not only fun but addictive!
The lectures of this course are amazing and they are so useful . By this course we can learn how to connect database with python and preform the sql operations with python code .
This course really helps the concept of the database and how the python application talks to the database and also create an application like geocoder that enhances my knowledge.
Python + Databases = perfect. Interested in learning how databases work and how to connect and store data using Python? Just smash that subscribe button, this course is glorious.
Fantastic cause. Dr. Chuck brought many coding strategies together making this a very interesting and useful class. Thanks Chuck. Enjoy the office hours....keep up the good work.
Exceptional! the way even the most difficult concepts have been explained in such a simple way to be understood! Will definitely look forward to more courses from this professor!
I like the step by step learning. Although it might be found slow for more experienced students, but it is very clear and well structured for beginners in programming and python.
I'm so grateful for i could participate in this course and learned how to use Databases with Python. Now, I'm so exited to go the next other related courses. Thanks to Coursera.
Thank you Dr.Chuck for this wonderful course. I really appreciate the standard and quality of the lecture videos and assignments. I recommend this course to all fellow learners.
DR. Charles is so cute and his explanation is super clear too. Plus, thanks to the mentor in discussion forum who helped me a lot. I strongly recommend this course to you all :)
This course by Charles Severance is one of the best out there. It touches upon many topics just enough to get us look deeper while maintaining clarity and simplicity. A must do!
The whole course was nice except i felt some difficulty in understanding week 2 and week 5. I did'nt give up on this course because of which i completed this course successfully
That was a great finale course. Munched through lot of things. Lot of things to learn in this one particular course. I need to come and look back again at later time. Fantastic.
This course felt a bit easy, but it was probably because I have worked with databases quite a bit already. Very useful. Great intro to databases and how to use Python with them.
I would like to thank dr. Chuck and his team! Especially those people who worked behind the scene. You are the heroes of our days bringing free education to community. Respect.
Very good intro to sql language and retrieving GeoData. It's really easy data management with python and sqlite and manage jason format data. Geolocation is a very good example
i think this one is the most "complicated" course among python coursesbut your structured course notes and your very-easy-to-understand presentations help me a lot !thanks prof
A very good course. I had learned a bit of SQL and how to use databases in Python before. Thanks to this course I learned some new important things and organized my knowledge.
Thanks Dr Chuck and all the teaching staff for wonderful classes and well-structured assignments. I learned a lot in the course and I will definitely recommend it for others.
Loved it! As always really interesting and encouraging. And special thanks for keeping courses free! This is rare nowadays even when the platform consider itself as free :-/
Amazing course, really!I was so excited to learn about SQLite and about how easy it could be used anywhereThanks to you, dr.Chuck, you have great job done with this course!
I learn how to connect to sql and find a specific value in a fast way... Not so easy but the course help me to do it. It's amazing. Thank you Dr Chuck! Thank you Coursera!
This course is a great way to familiarise with databases and how to use them inside python.It is not advanced level course but you will get a good introduction tho sqlite.
Nice course from the University of Michigan. Very nice explanation by Dr. Charles Russell Severance. Easy way to explain the programing, sufficient exercise for practice.
Sir i thankful to courseera for providing a great platform to learn python and I gain a lot of knowledge and new logics in python language. Thank you once again courseera
Great course for beginners! Maybe sometimes it's too easy, but it is for me, who familiar with programming, but for those, who want to try their skills it is BEST CHOICE!
Excellent course for beginners who have some basic knowledge of python. It is suggested completing the first 3 courses in this specialization before starting this course
Nice course to complete, where I learned a lot about Databases that are used in Python and How to connect them using python and How to Analyse the data in the database.
Yet another great course in the Python specialization series. Prof. Dr. Charles Severance delivers again in a very interesting and useful course, strongly recommended!
very good for beginner to know what Python is and what it can do. I could get a big picture of what and how i can use python, and then move forward to the next course.
Once again excellent content, carefully elaborated and explained by a professor who is clearly passionate about both Python and teaching.Looking forward to 5th module!
It's a wonderful course. Very lucky to get enrolled in it. The instructor is very good. He knows a lot of stuff about the topic and shared it very well among students.
As great as previous coursers in this specialization. Very good materials, perfectly explained and for once the slides and videos are even better than book (SQL part).
I haven't studied databases formally before, and this course demystified all confusions about RDBs while teaching me how to handle them in Python. Highly recommended!
It,s an interesting course , i am able to learn  each concept very efficientlyThank you Coursera  , Dr. chuck and University of Michigan to offer such a great course
Very brief of how to use SQLite with python. Although we do not have much time to go to details in each code but it is great to get the feeling what is it all about.
Fourth class in a row with Dr. Chuck.  I know that Dr. Chuck is indefatigable and will be adding to his collection of didactic excellence again in the near future...
Dr Chuck gives very clear and amazing lectures, thanks very much. During several failure, I fall in love with python, it is so amazing and powerful and interesting!
Lives up to the reputation being among the best in pedagogy. Absolutely recommended for anyone looking forward to understand the basics of data modelling and RDBMS.
DRC is awesome.  The course and tools he provides are up-to-date.  The examples are real world and useful.  I highly recommend this and all Dr. Chuck, DRC, courses
A firm foundation for understanding databases with Python and Structured Query Language. Thank-you Dr. Chuck for making what seems at first impression hard easier
It's easy to understand the concepts of database and the relationships between packages of software. The programme which provided for starting is very impressive.
This is a wonderful course for anybody to ramp up their programming skills right from scratch. This gives enough confidence to take on further programming tasks.
Dr. Chuck has a way to explain course materials very clear and straightforward. I would certainly recommend this course to anyone interested in learning python.
It was interesting to have introduction with SQL by Charles Severanse. I think the course is efficient and full. I'll be glad to learn Python with Dr. further.
Probably the best course! The instructor is pretty awesome! All aspects are covered from xml to json and working with apis with python. This course is a must!
With awesome lectures and assignments, I was able to learn a lot of things from this course.This course really encouraged me to continue to learn programming.
Very descritive and easy to follow introduction to databases and data arrangement.The videos are very good and the instructor is one of the best I have seen.
Some prior experience with sql would really help with this course, as I sometime felt lost with all the new terms and coding being dropped on me all at once.
This course was absolutely gorgeous in showing students what is possible when connecting powerful language like python with databases using SQL. Great stuff!
Very interesting course.  Well taught for students who are brand new to databases (it is understood that you are quite familiar with Python at this point).
Great course.  Really enjoyed intro to SQLite.  Only thing I wish it had that it doesn't is an intro to  charting using a Python extension (e.g. Plotly).
Great course, great teacher! The material is presented in an easy and fun way to learn. Besides, it is something that can be use right away. Very useful!
This course was a little tough, but I learned a lot and I've got to practice more about it. It is pretty beautiful to know that I am learning new stuff.
Very good course. Highly informative and practical. I strongly recommend to all want to learn python from scratch. Thanks, Dr. Chuck!  Thanks, Coursera!
This was  a very interesting topic. Having worked with SQL before, it was really cool to see how easy is to add intelligence to a db system with python.
Really good one, persnoally, i had to retrun to review other previous lectures, but once i returned, and the bases were enoughly firm, all was done....!
Take this course. Some assignments more difficult than others. Pace is good for folks newer to python but goes faster with some knowledge of programming
I really enjoyed this course. I learnt so much and I'm confident that I can go on from here to writing more complex python programs.Thank you Dr. Chuck.
This course is great! Just one thing a little regretful---the final assignment really needs to a better design and reflects what is taught in the class.
This is an excellent course. It wasn't easy, but do-able for people who have had no other Python experiences other than the other courses by Dr. Chuck.
Thanks a lot for this course! It's the greatest opportunity to learn something unusual,interesting and new with such a fantastic and creative teacher!
This one was dense! So much information on databases and SQL. Final multi-step applications were very well chosen and introduced so much new elements.
This course is where you learn to handle data in python and a bit about sql. It is good and interesting start for someone who aims to a data analytic
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I have never really created even a small database before this course but now I have a better understanding of them.
the instructor is so good if you don't have knowledge in python and if you take this course you will  solve all of these assignments from yourself
I loved the exposure to APIs including Google Places API. Integrating it with some SQL and a few database tricks made this class very worth while.
This course is very understandable and teaching style is very clear that even if you don't have any knowledge on database, you can get it easily.
simply easy to understand. amazing course. this was my first ever get to know database. I especially liked Dr. Chuck's easy explanation lectures.
Fantastic course.  Does require some prior knowledge of python, and some prior knowledge of databases (SQlite) would be helpful but not required.
A great continuation on how to use python with databases, retrieving data from other sources, storing it in a database and presenting it via SQL.
This is an awesome course the instructor explains every thing nicely and to the point it would be lovely if he goes a bit more deeper in python.
It was really interested to learn about using SQL (SQLite) and databases and to understand the power of using it. Especially how fast it can be!
The class was fast paces, documentation and videos easy to digest and quizzes and projects elaborated enough at the same time short to complete.
The contents are well explained and are suitable for beginners. The adoption of database tools really leads to a new  dimension  of programing.
Wonderful course, because covers not only python, but xml, json and, particulary  - SQL. Highly recommended to everybody, studying programming.
Amazing and very knowledgeable Dr. Chuk. I wish the lectures could have been a little more detailed and we could have more practice assignment.
Outstanding class! All of the "Python for Everybody" classes are great! The material is covered exceptionally well, and is real-world relevant!
Great course for beginners like me.  Was helpful to have the practical exercises combining pulling web data, creating and then using databases
An amazing course that I recommend without hesitation to everyone. Dr Chuck is great at making complicated concepts and practice easy to grasp
It was an enjoyable and fun time listening tutorials of Prof. Chuck and learn Python language. Thank you so much for such a nice course ware.
Thanks to this course, with which I got to know database from 0 to 1. I have acquired the basic knowledge and skills to get further learning.
google maps API requires a lot of additional work and instructions are not as clear as they should be.  Would prefer additional SQL readings.
Great course! The professor explains database related concepts clearly, and the videos where he goes through code examples are very helpful.
This is my first course on Coursera and i'm very satisfied, I liked the lecturer, assignments and tests. I want to thank you for this course
I like this course due to teaching skills by DR Charles and also recommend to everyone to learn this course if you are interested in python
It was a great introductory course on Databases and their connection to Python. Teaching from Pr.Chuck it was great as in previous courses.
Exercises are very challenging.This is a good material, i understand a lot especially of databases and sql, which i have no prior knowledge
A great course. Although Dr Chuck spoons feed a lot in the assignments. But still a great introduction to some important database concepts.
This a very good course for begginers in databases all the explanations is are very easy to understand and Dr. Chuck is a great instructor.
This is a great course for anyone interested in learning how to use Python to gather data from the web.   Dr. Chuck is a fantastic teacher!
A great continuation of the former courses, continues in the same line that the other and you really keep growing in your python knowledge.
I feel more confident in writing the programs in python related to databases and accessing data over the internet after doing this course.
Great Course. Just make sure to do the final submission 3-4 days before the due date, because it takes around 3 days for it to be graded.
Perhaps the assignments could be more challenging. Please provide less of ready made code and let the students write the code themselves.
This course 'Using Database with Python' is really interesting that we can use its skills for Data analysis with our daily life problems.
Really nice course, teach me how to do really cool things using Python,not just the Python language.However, the homework is a bit easy .
I like the introduction to the databases theoric and the geolocalization introduction. I miss a deeper content about geocoding practices.
This is an excellent course, i have learned about databases and SQL in this course without having knowledge in any of them quite easily.
Great course, easy to follow. Awesome to be able to go at your own pace, and re-watch lectures until you understand material thoroughly.
Really nice final course of this specialization, new learnings and insights. Now of to do my very own data analysis project with Python!
Excellent course. Helped me to understand overall database concept and how they work. Dr. Chuck makes anything easy to understand.!!!!!
Great Resources available make sure that you just don't get everything spoon feeded and try to learn about each and every line of code.
Excellent course, I learned a lot about things that can be done with Python. The instructor is clear and easy to follow. Thanks a Lot!
As the other courses that I have taken from the specialization, I have to say it is one of the best courses I have ever been a part of
This course improve my knoweledge and i understood better the structures in python. I will be able to take more courses like this one.
I really learn a lot from this course and in very short span of time. Well designed and superb delivery of content by Prof. Dr. Chuck.
Thanks, Dr. Chuck! This is the fourth course in this specialization I did so far and all of them are AWESOME. Next: Capstone project.
Very useful! I believe I would use many skills in this class later in my job. And just as Dr.Chuck said, this is just the beginning!
This course is a great course. I have learned so much in this course. Thank you Coursera  and thank you Professor Charles Severance
Excellent course to understand how the data is stored in Databases and how to access or modify then using Python. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
Great class  in the series. Ties a lot of what has been learned together and gives a better insight to  the capabilities of Python.
Overall, a good introduction into relational databases and basic SQL. Week 6 seems a bit rushed but besides that, very informative.
Excelent course, simple enough to grasp the basics on SQL and advanced to understand how to apply them in application development .
it was such a wonderful experience and honor to learn through Coursera platform and learn from one of the most amazing professors.
One of the best course ever provided by the Coursera, Thank you Coursera once again for making our careers throughout the world...
This course give you an introduction to SQL and database, after finishing this, you will be able to handle the database by python.
Great next step in the Python series, challenging but doable if you've done the previous three, and you learn a lot! Recommended.
Really amazing course after going through I really learnt much cool stuff. Thanks, Dr. chuck for explaining in a much easier way.
Great course! Nice and easy to understand introduction into SQL and how everything from previous courses joins in a real project.
Very nice course.  It was great the material dug a little deeper into the ideas needed to use python to access data from the web!
It was really an amazing course where I got to learn a lot of things about databases and that too learning it along with python.
Highly recommended course. I have little or no knowledge about databases and this course have given me a very good introduction.
Great foundational course for understanding what relational databases are and how to quickly create and edit them within python.
Great course, you get to learn how to use Python and interact with databases. Retrieve, update and create new data in databases.
Very well explained and easy to understand , Dr Chuck is an amazing teacher and all the mentors have been extremely helpful too.
We learn to use python and databases so as to manage and use large amounts of data. Its very easy to understand and very useful.
Amazing course. I have done all 4 of the Python courses offered by the University of Michigan and can't rate them highly enough.
This is a god overview on using databases with Python. It will not go in details but will give a good broad view of the matter.
database is one of the most useful parts of programming I think, and this will be the field I would like particularly pursue to
Well explained. You could have also explained different types of joins. But i understand that is out of the scope of the course
This section is a little difficult, so maybe I need more time to familarize it, but anyway, it is still very useful! Thank you!
Course 4 give a bigger picture after suffering from course 3 With this course things makes more sense and SQL is really useful
Never felt that learning database will be so easy , This was all because of the course instructor and material used to explain
Good introduction to databases using python. The assignments with Google are a bit hard if you do not want to get the api key.
This course offers much more than databases and also teaches about web scraping and data mining and geocoding and much more ..
the course is time and money worth and i got new things to learn........i will refer to every student to  learn from this site
Interesting cource! Very usefull for novicies in programing and databasies. Interesting assesments, but not too complicated :)
I am unable to edit the assignement which i have submitted. I want to edit it as i had submitted the wrong assignement before
Nice course. Would be better if also includes sample code/tutorial/video for connection to other databases. Thanks Dr. Chunk.
I think this one is a little bit too easy. It's better if the Professor asks us to do more instead of providing all the code.
This is the fourth class I've taken with Professor Severance, and they've all been really useful and enjoyable to me, thanks!
A great course, taught by Dr. Chuck and the course content is as good as it gets..Thank you Dr. Chuck and U-M for the same..
Good, I particularly enjoyed how understandable Charles Severance makes the basics of SQL and how it integrates with Python.
Great course, well explain and with good example. This is really an interesting course to learn about python with databases.
Chuck is one of the funniest tutors I've ever listened. The course was always entertaining despite their length and content.
Excellent course! Dr. Chuck teaches in a very interesting, fun and professional way. One of the best teachers I've ever had.
very well put together. Dr Chuck takes you right from the basics and enables you to be confident in dealing with databases.
Great course. I learned a lot in very little time. Excellent instructor. Dr. Chuck inspires people to move forward. Thanks!
Excellent course. Would highly recommend for students looking to further their knowledge in python and introduction to SQL.
The best online platform Coursera, the best team. I appreciate you so much :). The course is super interesting and useful.
This course is awesome for understanding object-oriented concepts and also understanding the fundamentals of the database.
Good structured course on database will help you to built a good base for databases, moreover SQL is always a fun to read.
Excellent.  This and the other Python for Informatics classes have taught me a lot as I've started my journey with Python.
Beginning was a bit rough but once you get into the mindset, the video lectures and assignments come together very easily.
i really like this course, brings together various aspects of using Python in real world situations (career or enthusiast)
Love the way Mr. Severance put forward the concepts,he was very good at explaining the database intersection with python.
I was not able to use the geo code from Google... anything else is perfect, instructions are clear and I did learn a lot!
Nice introduction with easy exercises, very good starting point from where students can explore and do more on their own.
Excellent course, excellent instructor. Dr. Chuck has a great way of introducing concepts and explaining them thoroughly.
Learned a lot about databases! I like the way Dr. Chuck explains everything, and it's easy to learn new stuff in Python.
Outstanding course material prepared by a great instructor. I am looking forward to complete the entire series. 5-stars!
ExcellentVery good course for learning how to use the library SQLite in python and how to manipulate data in a database.
Charles Severance is a great professor. He explains clearly every argument making the lessons enjoyable. Thanks so much.
Very well structured course. This course drew my attention into database management and data science. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
GreatcoursetogetastartwithSQLandhowyoucanintegrateitwithpython.Willdefinitelyusetheseskillsinthefutureinaworksituation.
Great course again! This entry level specialization should be a must for anyone looking to learn more about programming
I think the exercises are a bit too easy. But I've gained a really good understanding of how things goes together now.
Great introduction into how to use Python in combination with SOQL databases. Very useful for ones own small projects.
A good guide to SQL. This online course provides me with a great opportunity to learn something useful things at home.
If you have past experience with database, it can be done in a week. Well, Dr. Chuck has better explanations, I guess.
Great course!  Dr Chuck does a great job communicating the course content in a way that keeps me engaged.  The exercis
Coming from some programming background, I have learned the most in this course of the whole series. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
This course has been really helpful, and Charles is very humorous, can't wait to take another course from this series
Thank you so much. The course was great and I learned a lot of brand new and useful stuff. Best from Kenneth, Denmark
this is a good courses, and I learn a lot from this, but I  am not very proficient in it, and I need more practice!
Great course, this is the first one that actually I completed, thanks Dr chuck for making this so entertain and fun
Audited this course really love it. Wish auditing was a clearer option and was able to mark progress when auditing.
It's a great course with very interesting content and so many additional things worth learning and practicing more.
I absolutely love  these lecture series... the material is well selected and has a good set of practical solutions.
Thanks Dr. Chuck for making me learn how to handle DBs with python scripts.Thanks for your time.Highly recommended.
Fantastic introduction to the world of databases.  Engaging video tutor and interesting examples of database usage.
Nice course, here we get to know about SQL and databases. Inclusion of python to use SQLite is done in a good way.
my review here will be biased because i just looove databases and having this skill with python was so interesting
A well thought out course with material progressively advancing at a pace that challenges but does not discourage.
Got a really nice overview of databases in general and how they store data. I liked learning SQL during this time
This is going to be extremely useful going forward. Well laid out and the fundamentals all start coming together!
Great introduction to using python to create, edit and query data from SQL (SQLite used in the course) databases.
It is great course because it doesn't only teach you Python, it leads you to write real application using Python.
Such a great class for those beginning to user Python in a database environment. Lots of good, solid information.
Great course, get to learn SQL too, and interesting ways to present data. Dr Chuck keeps in fun and interesting!
If you are looking for an entry into combination of Databases and Development this course is a great first step.
Very nice. Some of the theoretical quizes were too detailed - the coding could have a little bit more challenges
This course was really nice one. I am expecting more courses on "Using Databases with Python and data analytics"
Being able to work with databases makes you realize how potent these tools are. I absolutely adored this course
this part I'm familiar because it's relates to my daily work. Dr. Chuck's explanation is as wonderful as usual!
Great course!  This is a very good introduction to the value of databases and database management using SQLite.
Excellent class.  Dr. Chuck is a phenomenal teacher.  If Charles Severance teaches it, then you should take it.
Well organized, well presented and has adequate information to introduce you to the capabilities of the sqlite.
Great and clear introduction to the use of databases. A good starting point to develop the database knowledge.
Concepts, applications, and coding details are well explained. A great course that I learned a lot good stuff.
Amazing course. I learned a lot. I hope I can implement this knowledge in my daily life. Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
Myself refreshed with the Datababse skills which I have done very long back.It was great. Thanks to Dr.Chuck !
Super  easy way to make us understand python better. Your bonus videos are also refreshing anf thogh provoking
Nice course with detail exampleHomework is  easy, if student pay attention to  the code, they will learn a lot
Using Databases with Python is, in one word, awesome! Thank you very much for your great Coursera course, Prof
This is a good course.   The instructor has significant experience in industry and good communication skills.
The course was well planned ! It helps one to raise level of knowledge in the field of Database using Python.
One of the best course by dr. chuck.I learned a lot of things, data visualization using d3.js was amazing..!!
This is a very helpful course for Python beginner like me. It gives me a brief picture of what Python can do.
Excellent Course for all Pythonistas who want to get good practical knowledge of using Databases with Python!
Content are good for basic learner to connect with sqlite database and good knowledge about basic sql queries
the instructor did an awesome job in explaining data bases i understood every bit of this and also geocoding
Another Amazing course from Dr Chuck, I learned a lot, very clear explanations and quite easy to understand.
This was a great course.  I learned so much that I could immediately apply to my work.  Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Great course, great teacher. Love how he explains everything and the examples and assingments of the course.
It was a wonderful experience learning from Dr.Chuck.It is a good course which I would recommend to others.
This was another great course from Dr. Chuck. I have got to learn about basic database, SQL, data modeling.
As the professor says, in SQL you get started, and then based on the skills u gain here, you can master SQL
Fantastic introduction to working with databases in Python, and Dr Chuck definitely rocks as an instructor.
Thank you Dr CHUCK for all your work and efforts, it was an amazing course, as usual.YOU ARE THE BEST :) :)
I think this is a good starting class for database, really expends your knowledge of Python to a new field.
great class as always by the Dr Chuck who is a super inspiring teacher. Thanks so much to Dr Chuck and team
Dr. Chuck has very detailed explanations for all codes and all mentors are very helpful as well. Recommend!
I really liked the course and I would like to learn more, thank you. Can you advise me on other courses  ?
The last lectures seemed a little too rushed and not fully explored, but the overall experience was great.
Perfect to start using Databases. It was easy and gave me a basic understanding how to work with databases
Enthusiastic teacher, relevant assignments, quizes to check knowledge. Free and very good course material.
Really great course. It helped me get my hands on using databases and APIs with Python.Highly recommended!
Difficult to absorb completely, but very interesting nonetheless.  I'm just glad I was able to complete th
I have learned lots on Databases, SQL, Geocoding and data visualization. Great Course and Awesome Teacher!
It is very good course for beginner. The course instructor is very good in teaching, I enjoyed very much.
AWESOME! You want to learn how to use relational databases with python. This course is your best friend.
Very easy to get start with, and the content is practical. Good for people to quick start with database.
good stuff.    later sessions should mention ETL  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load
Excellent Python course. Gives overview and introduction on how Python can be used to work on Databases.
Great course! Learning not only to use Python to access DB,but also besic concepts for DB architecture!
thank you for this class, and i think this exams may can more difficult. thank you for your work again.
The concepts taught on the data modelling are very crisp and to the point. I really enjoyed the course.
Thank you, Dr. Severance and the Coursera team. This was a great course on using databases with Python!
Thank you for the great class series. I am looking forward to other classes offered by this Instructor.
Very cool coursera, from easy to hard, lots of sample if very good chance to make you know about data.
This course is simple and to the point to give one hands on experience with database and web services.
Easy to follow and learn the basic concepts of using python with databases, from xml, to json, to sql.
I wish the slides will be shown a little longer before switching back to the instructor. Great course!
The best section so far. Applications could have been a bit more challenging.Great  work Dr Severance.
Dr. Chuck is amazing Im just 15 years old but still Im able to learn python!Dr. Chuck keep it up !!
amazing course, helps me to understand not just the code but also the concept/purpose behind the code
I enjoyed this course. Databases & SQL are fun to learn. Dr Chuck was amazing one more time! Big ups!
Very interesting and useful course. Best from this specialization. But two last assignment very easy.
An excellent introduction to the basics of Databases and SQL and how they might interact with Python.
Excellent course. Thank you very much, Dr. Chuck. I will remember you as my programming guru FOREVER!
Great course I would like to learn a little bit more on how the Javascript visualization is generated
Course is good. But I have been waiting for too long for checking the last last. Anyway many thanks!
Really a great course, helped me a lot for the purpose of learning python and implementing the same.
Perfect course to learn about Database. I love you Dr Chuck, one of the greatest teacher I ever had.
A good course to learn how to use databases and combine what you have learned with previous courses.
Amazing professor excellent teaching with reasonable pace, clear content, and very useful exercises.
IT was really helpful getting to know some database handling and SQL as well as Python applications.
Prof. Severance does a great job of tackling a complex subject and making it look simple and usable.
I enjoyed learning to use SQL with Python, but thought this course was rather shorter than expected.
Could teach us more about python rather than just SQL, afterall the assignments are all about python
Really was a excellent section that gave a clear understanding of databases and database management.
I can learn some SQL techniques in this course. And an interesting map application is really useful.
Great intro to working with databases in python and practically implementing various sources on it.
I would like to thank all the mentors and Dr. Chuck! I appreciate your time and effort.Be Well,John
very good course and full of information about databases thanks for Dr Chuck and all coursera staff
Now, I know more about how to model, create, populate and retrieve data from a relational database.
Good introductory course.The instructor delivers the content at a great pace, and is very eloquent.
Great course with very detailed examples and a professor who knows how to properly teach a subject.
This course is really good for database administrator especially in SQLITE and Python programming..
Very good one...but visualization could have been done with matplotlib or other plotting libraries.
I Learned so much great information! Now I'm feeling comfortable implementing SQL into my projects
If you want to know about Databases with Python,this is the simplest and the best course for you !
Good course with the right amount of material to know how to use python with databases and the web
concise and setting students in right direction of learning json, xml and DB in relation to python
Very helpful and give new insights that lead to a better understanding of Python and its strengths
Wonderful information!  Although my experience is little, I feel accomplished after these modules.
Wonderful explain for database design and implement! Hope can have more practices or assessments.
The whole "Python for Everybody" course, materials, books is awesome for any beginner programmer!
Great course.  Covers lots of great information on how to use Python to access and use databases.
like the rest of the courses in this specialization. An awesome and very informative experience.
Overall a bit easy, but Dr. Chuck made very clear illustrations for joining tables in databases.
A solid foundation for furthering your understanding and manipulation of databases using Python.
the course is full of usefull concepts .the way of teaching was awsm ! really enjoyed the course
Very understandable explanation and course materials supports. Great course and awesome teacher!
Very good material and very good teacher!!!, hope to take another course performed by Dr. Chuck.
It was great time dealing with sql and database management. Really its a career building course
A very fine course of databases using sqlite3 and showing its interface with python. A must-do.
Great course, helped me understand the power of Python with databases. Can highly recommend it.
Excellent course and just the right set of topics to make an impact on my own projects at work!
Amazing course , great work Charles and thanks a lot for all the effort you put in teaching us.
A simple and well-organized micro-course, effective at conveying the basic ideas. Thanks Chuck!
This is an excellent course which has improved my skills in using Python with Database and SQL
I can learn the SQL languages. I can understand the important of database, and why we need it.
Well organized and easy to understand. One recommendation is to briefly show some Python IDEs.
The course is well thought out and the content is easy to follow and makes learning enjoyable.
It's bittersweet reaching the last course in this specialization.  I'm going to miss Dr Chuck.
Some thing have not been fully explained, which really puzzled me a lot, but not a big matter
Great course! Learnt a lot and appreciate lecturer in seeking to build foundational knowledge
I really benefit a lot from this class! Hope you can enjoy learning and using python as I do!
Excellent Course. Helps a lot to understand API based communications between several parties.
I didn't think I liked databases! Love you Dr. Chuck. Can't wait for your to visit Vancouver.
Its a great course for utilizing databases and related content with the power of python... :)
what a course!! i know first time this was very hard but by the end i learned so many things
We could have made a better project at the end of the course but the learning part was nice.
This course was fantastic. Hope to see some more courses like this by Dr. Charles Severance
Overall a great course. Brings you a lot closer to web crawling and 'personal data mining'.
This class put all we learned before together and make good use of them. awesome experience
It is great course. You can quickly get the concept of SQL and multi-step program buildup.
Dr Chuck was awesome as always.Enjoyed and learned a lot .Thank you coursera and Dr Chuck.
Great course for any IT or non IT that wants to learn more about database and programming.
Quick SQL guide for programmers, a great comprehensive starting point for non programmers.
I loved that this course extended my previous knowledge of SQL mixing both SQL and Python.
I learned a lot about using Python to create and access SQL databases.  Thank you! - Steve
Lot of useful information not only of programming but many other things realted to the web
Great information, well presented - I learned some crucial things in this course for sure.
Charles Severance is an excellent teacher. I'm glad he taught me the beginnings of Python!
great course with best content. I loved this course and really learning was a fun for me.
Excelent this course is necessary for all cycle of programing in Python, Thanks Dr Chuck.
Dr Chuck, please, please, please teach a Master's in Information Technology or CS program
Amazing professor, and well tailored course. Loved it and learned a lot from it, Cheers!!
Fantastic course. Really enjoyed learning how to run Python scripts to talk to databases.
SQLite3 very very interesting..much excited while learning Databases specially. Thank you
Great course for starting working with DB in python. Good portion of theory and practice.
Great exercises. The learning curve for API's was significantly reduced by Dr. Severance.
Excellent instructor! Only the best technologies - on bleeding-edge: python, d3, web apis
Another excellent course ... Congratulations to the University of Michigan and Dr. Chuck.
it is a very nice course. indeed you will add u to your knowledge by taking this course.
I don't really like the concept of the last graded assignment, i hope you can you fix it
Excellent course for learning basics of databases and how to use them along with python.
It is  definitely the fist step to get inside the world of python related with databases
This course was very helpful, it got me on track on my way to becoming a Data Scientist.
An once again awesome tutorial by Dr. Chuck. So fulfilling and perfect course in itself!
The course seemed very good to me. I will take other courses offered by the institution.
Great course wish it was longer and had more assignments with writing code from scratch.
Great introductory course, I would recommend anyone beginning with Python to start here.
Gradual improvements are being made and the practices give you encouragement to do more.
awesome part, my favorite of the first previous, but the Assessments are not challenging
The assignments are somehow too easy. Please add the difficulty that we can learn more.
Thank you professor, it is really exciting to learn hoe python interacts with database!
I like this course and have learned a lot of new stuff and recommend this class for you
excellent course, I may consider general aspects for BD consult with Python. Thank you.
Challenging and engaging with loads of additional resources and a really cool lecturer.
A good course to learn the fundamental knowledge about how to use database with Python
Really good introduction to Databases and SQL, also showing how to use it with Python!
A Great journey with Dr. Chuck and other peers. Learned a lot. A wonderful experience.
Loved the content and presentation of the topic which aided the learning a great deal.
if you are in China , in order to finish last work you need to walk over the wall.....
Really good and interesting material! Also the activities are fun and easy to achieve.
Mentor was too good in explaining things briefly. Each and every video worth the cost.
This is a really good introduction to DataBases and APIs, and Chuck as always amazing!
For me this was very important course i can apply to my work, and indeed was excellent
Its a good start to learn how to use python to store and retrieve data from database..
Nice.. I really liked the course. I would also like to learn advanced stuffs in python
Good opportunity for me to learn 4th course in the specialization. thanks to coursera
This course is really great. Dr. Chuck did a great job. Thank you Sir and Coursera :)
very interesting module, needs lots of review from my side and new things to explore.
Good start to understand the connections between python and the managing of databases
Very useful module! The introduction of SQL is very important in building a database.
I though databases where mysterious and difficult.  NOT so with python and Dr. Chuck!
Learned databases for the first time and very effective for beginners like me.Thanks.
Excellent course and excellent teacher. Professor Charles is a teacher of excellence.
Excellent course.  Content and explanations are well thought out and relevant.  A++++
Excellent, tho hard with the sample. sort of misleading with the following exercises
One of the best course I have enrolled in. Also the best course for learning python.
Great introduction to using Python for setting up and maintaining sqllite databases.
Excellent course, and the additional video material was entertaining and informative
A clear explanation of the topic. Very useful background on sql and intro to sqlite.
It was easy an very useful. I enjoyed studying this course as much as the previous.
excellent experience I got while doing every topic and assignments. Thank you sir..
Perfect course. It shows how to use databases. It is necessery in serious projects.
Great course to introduce one to working with databases through Python programming.
I am very glad to say that i got a chance to learn python from Dr. Chuck, thanks !!
Dr. Chuck is very good at teaching the concepts and makes the lectures interesting.
Well worth the time to take this course. It is a basic course, but I learned allot.
It's a good course. But the homework is kind of easy. I hope to get more practices.
An amazing and interesting way to learn about the relation between SQL and Python.
Truly enjoyed the class. Best of the 4 from this series I have completed thus far.
Well explained, and very throurough introduction to using Python together with SQL
Excellent Intro fro beginners but also detailed and application oriented approach.
The course is nicely covers the DB concepts and prepared with excellent exercises.
Excellent course! Using python and DBs is the answer for many projects. Thank you!
This course provide the cherry on the sunday for analyzing massive amount of data.
A great course! Thanks to Dr. Chuck for presenting such a complex subject so well.
Love the course but due to time-pressure have to stop now. Might pick it up later.
Hand on examples to really enjoy your path to learn how to program with Python \o/
This is definitively one of my favorite course taken on Coursera.Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Awesome Course For Learner...Great Going With help of Course Instructor Dr.Chuck.
It is really helpful but requires further learning to get deeper knowledge of it.
Dr. Chuck is just awesome. He teaches difficult stuffs with such ease. Way to Go!
i highly recommend anyone who want to learn python to take this course above all.
needs a bit more info in the text book too, but the videos/lectures get you there
I was wondering if it is necessary to learn some Javascript to visualize my data?
This was one of the greatest courses I had done. I really recommend it to others!
Very good course. Thanks to Dr Charles and Teaching Staff also to Malaysia MDEC.
I learned lot from this course.Absolutely amazing only thing i can say.THANK YOU
Using Database with Python is an excellent course to learn and understand easily
The instructor is excellent and explained the course content in a very easy way.
This is one very good course to learn for Python and database. Very challenging.
Dr. Chuck is a great teacher. I enjoyed and  learned a lot from from his course.
This class was a very good into to using DBs with Python. I highly recommend it.
Perfect introduction into databases, SQL and how to deal with that using Python.
Great course for a solid introduction to SQL and database design/implementation.
Excellent course, gives you the basics of handling databases with SQL and Python
A great course overall. Just right difficulty to understand what you are doing.
one of the best python online course, I would like to recommend to new learners
This was a fun course covering practical applications of Python with Databases.
I have known database and different file format in database. It is a good start
Very nice course, with nice worked out examples to tweak as part of assignment.
I have learned a lot from this course. Fanstactic one. Hope other people enjoys
Really good intro and broader view of the interactions with other technologies.
Go for it ,you'll learn a lot but don't forget to take reference from the book
Great course and well organized! Tons of resources and fun educational videos!
Thank you Dr. Chuck, you're giving me such a good learning experience, thanks~
A great introduction with an excellent instructor to get started to databases.
This is a great course. It was my first contact with SQL and I really enjoyed.
This is a very great course to show the connection between Python and Database
Challenging but interesting.A very logical conclusion of all preceding courses
Thanks Coursera...Nice course and I have learned lot of stuff in this website.
This course is great for freshers. who don't know about sqlite and databases.
Good course and I thank instructors a lot for guiding me through this course.
I love this course. It gives me the fundamental knowledge about the database.
Great introduction to databases and  the way they can be used through Python.
I have learnt a lot of new things. I am very much thankful to the Instructor.
Great introduction to working with SQL language to build relational databases
Great instructor, well planned classes and assignment. 10/10 would recommend.
Very useful topic and sample code can be good practice for coding in Python3!
Wonderful course! Please continue with the same energy, Dr. Chuck and team :)
Excellent course and the way Dr. Charles explains is just amazing and awesome
Very useful course for anyone wanting to take their python to the next level.
Very good course in Python. Technical, beginner friendly yet rich in content.
Thanks. Dr.Chuck is awesome as always. The course contents is great as well.
I have to say the course is unbelievable, like they always are.Thanks a lot.
One of the best professor, I have learned so many things from the 4 classes.
EXCELLENT MOREOVER YOU HAVE ALSO PROVIDED ALL THE STUFFS REQUIRED.THANK YOU
Excellent, like every other course by Dr. Chuck Severance. I owe him a lot!
Thank you for teaching so important topics without loosing student interest
This course gives a quick overview of how we interact with API's in Python.
This course is well planned and i loved it. It was easy and well explained.
Fun & Exciting Course: It is definitely a step up from the previous courses
This is an excellent course.  I am looking forward to the capstone project.
Nice course, as good as the others that gives the great Charles Severance!!
Excellent class for learning how to make and analyze databases with Python.
Helpful, interesting, useful course :) thank you for help to learn Python !
this series is an awesome introductory course in python and computer basics
great course by mr chuck well done team michigan for this wonderful course
this course have been genious, Thanks Dr Chuck for all what you taught me.
I think this course is very organized and the professor talks very detail.
I enjoyed this course and look forward to using what I've learned at work.
great set of courses and specialization very well laid out intro to Python
Amazing course. The instructor is amazing! I strongly recommend to anyone.
This course is very useful. Could you please include oops concept as well.
Dr. Chuck has a great ability to put in easy way the computation concepts.
the course is full of challenges and is very satisfying when they are met
This was a fantastic course. Very informative but still very fascinating.
Very practical lessons that are immediately applicable to many use cases.
Very good introduction to the subject. The code examples are very useful.
This is a great class! I learned a lot and it was challenging. Thank you.
Great course, pleasantly surprised I also learned a decent amount of SQL!
Would recommend to people who want to know more about how databases work.
A great start with python data visualization and analysis using databases
Great course! Very good in order to get used to using sqlite with Python.
Perfect teacher, teaching and very useful information. Highly recommended
Excellent course where you learn about databases with sqlite and python.
Awesome collaboration of all the previous courses in this course's code.
I think it would be awesome if the projects were a bit more challenging.
A very useful course to learn sqlite3 and Python in a practical approach
Excellent course. Slightly more to take in than the others but well made
This course really helped me to understand and learn how to use database
Excellent introduction to databases and how to use Python to access them
I like this course very much, because before it I didn't know databases.
I don't want to this course to be over! One of the best courses EVER!!!!
An excellent introductory course which got me up-and-running in no time.
Great course! Maybe next time the assignments will be more challenging.
Really I like this course, Many Dr.chuck teaching levels are excellent.
Very Interesting and Learning course for understand basics of Database.
Well taught course. Learned a lot about databases. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
It was a really awesome experience while learning databases with python
It is really important to know the basics of programming in data bases!
Excellent Class!  Learned a lot that I will be able to apply to my job.
I used SAS a lot to manage databases. This course is very useful to me.
This course teaches you how to properly use SQL databases with python.
The best course to understand database and its connection with python.
So glad to have learnt this class. I have used it in my work directly.
Very fun! Got to see how a lot of different things were all connected!
Great intro to SQL and understanding of Databases together with Python
Good Course, really useful when you want to get started in python/sql!
Great course!! Thank you, Coursera, Michigan University, and Dr. Chuck
I love how Dr Charles teaches, I really recommend all of its courses.
Brilliant gave me some work and thinking but gain fun while doing so.
Excellent content coverage as well as presentation by the instructor.
Great introduction to python and SQL interaction. Highly recommended.
Great course about managing databases with Python and Sqlite! Thanks!
Great course, a bit rushed towards the end but enjoyed it thoroughly!
Gained a lot of knowledge to kick start with. Awesome course content!
Great course, one of the best if not the best instrutor I came across
Great elaboration and elegant quiz/assignment design - learned a lot!
This is really cool and good for beginners. Have a happy learning !!!
Amazing class, I cannot have enough of this professor, very very good
All of these courses in this specialization are very good and useful!
I can take courses but can't have an access to the project for free ?
Yet another informative and great course from UoM, done by Dr Chuck.
Good introduce/course about sql.Thanks to Dr. Chuck for this course.
Great Course. Dr Chuck knows a lot of Python and teach it very well.
Great Course for learning Database with Python by sqilte data bowser
The Instructor is very supportive and helping through out the course
I really like the examples given in this course. Very well explained
Another great module. Well taught. Right 'bite size' learning points
Excellent Course. Really great introduction to databases with python
I found a new meaning of python programming. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck.
Learned a lot from this specialization. Thanks Dr. Chuck. Keep it up
Easy to understand all concepts and gives keys to start developping.
The course is awesome. Just completed it.Excited about the Capstone.
Great about python and database, including JSON and XML format deal.
A great course because of the teaching style of Instructor Dr.Chuck.
A great introduction to database design and SQL with Python in hand.
Comprehensive overview of how Python can be applied to Data Science.
really best course !! i learn about sqlite which is unknown for me.
I'm glad that I finished the course! Thank you so much, Dr. Chuck!!
useful skill which could apply to many dimensions in terms of jobs.
Nice course...I like this course because its very easy to implement
This is the important moment to combine all the knowledge together.
A good start to go deeper into SQL. This course can give you a map.
Awesome course! Learned useful tools for databases and programming.
Great course! Very practical lesson plan with relevant assignments.
perfect! The professor teach us in a way that give us a lot of fun.
If you want to learn Python, this series should be your first step!
Another great course. Thank you for sharing your knowledge with me.
Great. Simply great. I highly recommend the four part course series
Allowed me to increase my Python knowledge.Very interisting course.
Loved the course! Have now taken all python courses from Dr. Chuck.
It wonderful lecture with database experience in python. Thank you
it is very good course, well explained with very good live example
Its a very nice course. Beautiful lectures, to the point lectures.
Good course if you also need to interact with Relational Databases
Nice introduction course about using DB with Python. Thanks a lot.
The videos and study material are very good. Thanks to Mr. Charles
Decent course. Fundamental and reach the very essence of databases
Great course and teaching style! Very hands-on and non-pompous :D.
A great exposure to basic databases and what you can do with them!
Great course. Had practical examples and good practice exercises.
its really cool.im looking forward to work with you all thank you
Excellent course for learning how to handle database with python.
If you have done the other three, you should do this one as well.
Excellent course. These series of courses changed my career path.
Good for starters with little or no prior Programming experience.
Wow did all 4 courses in 2 months.  Great speed and met my needs.
I like the worked examples that are always provided and explained
Excellent intro course with a great instructor. Highly recommend.
Great information and in-depth assignments. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
This course is really detailed. You can learn something from it.
Great course!  Dr Chuck makes it fun and interesting, as always.
Really useful course for knowing Python and Relational Database.
Really like this course, a very good start to connect python-SQL
Charles is great at explaining thing in a simple manner. Thanks!
Excellent course with magnificent exercises. Loved to solve them
If Dr. Chuck is teaching the course, then I'm taking the course!
Great course to start learning how to use databases with Python.
A very useful and interesting course about python and databases.
Excellent course , thank you very much for sharing the knowledge
I finished this course and I would like to learn more specific!!
The instructor  is really clear and fun. Workload is reasonable.
Enthusiastic, knowledgeable and practical instructor/professor.
This is a great course. I will recommend my friends to take it.
Excellent course, like the previous ones of the specialization.
In line with the three previous classes: a coherent curriculum.
Great course that continues the learning in the specialization.
Very good course.Everything was great, learning was a pleasure.
I am very happy, that I took this course. Thank you, dr. Chuck!
Great class and great teacher! really have fun during learning.
Professor Chuck is awesome!  This course is highly recommended!
Dr Chuck is the best lecturer for programming I've met so far.
Exceptionally well-framed course material and Amazing Teaching
Chuck you are an amazing teacher!!! Love this course so much!!
I like the examples, very useful workflow for processing data.
Super course! Great tricks, easy and understandable! Than you!
i really enjoyed the course.... thanks instructor and coursera
I would like it more if it has GUI for working with databases.
Great course! It covers SQL and how to use SQLite with python!
Good course.But skips to topics without any brief introduction
Very good course . You will get a clear concept of databases .
Very well structured course with very comprehensible lectures
Great introduction for me on using SQL via SQLite with Python
The best professor ...The best course...The best everything.l
Great simple explanation of databases! SQLite is a great tool
A good course, it will give you a good overview of databases.
Demos are quite helpful and lots of sample codes to play with
Very useful and helpful course.Thanks to all the study mates!
Nice course and nice teacher.Can dr.chuck come to Taiwan? : )
It is well designed course and good for basics of databases.
Excellent course to learn on how to combine SQL with Python.
Excellent python program demostration and practical exercise
Really good course to get started with Databases and SQLite.
Awesome, May be a little fast paced. But Great for beginners
Great Course. Dr. Chuck is a very enthusiastic communicator.
Good courses because It's not difficult and basic. Thank you
Thoroughly enjoyable and Dr Chuck has a great teaching style
Very good introduction to python interaction with databases.
Great course. Effective learning with great course material.
This is a awesome course ,especially for data visualization
Very good professor. The assignments are a little bit easy.
Coursera providing the best instructor such as Charles sir.
I really enjoyed the course. The instructor is pretty good.
This course provides very cool example codes for new hands.
Simple and direct, homework is well-organized, great course
Provide good introduction for database operation via Python
Very useful, easy to follow and you must work to finish it.
Good combination of theory concept and practical exercises.
The teaching is really good and the assignment really good
Another engaging and thorough course from Dr Chuck! Thanks
terrific course.Learnt a hell lot.Amazing teacher.Loved it
Best class on Python available online thanks to Dr. Chuck.
Great introduction to SQL and using databases with Python!
it helped me to understand wich could be my path thank you
Great for learning the connectivity between SQL and Python
Very useful of this one!! like it and wish to learn more!!
Great course, pretty simple tasks, yet informative videos.
Thank you for the effort put in this course, I learnt alot
Great instruction, made easy to understand powerful tools.
Enjoyed all the classes.  Looking forward to the Capstone.
It is a very useful course and the instructor is very good
An awesome course to practice database and Python skills!
Very good course and professor, thank you professor Chuck
Excellent as always. Dr. Chuck is an excellent professor.
Concise and to the point with a knowledgeable instructor.
I learnt a lot about SQL in Python. It is a great course!
Really easy as compared to the third one. Heading further
Very knowledgeable professor. Extremely engaging content.
Excellent course. Great lectures and helpful assignments.
It's a very fantastic course .. I learned a lot of things
Dr. Chuck's course really gave me many in-depth insights.
Good and easy to follow. Clear structure and explanation.
This course provided me an opportunity to explore .thanks
Guidance is there all over the course. Ten out of Ten...
This is one of the finest courses available on Coursera.
It is awesome and i had learned so much from this course
step by step  I can learn how to make my own app. thanks
great, simple introduction, good for first time learners
an amazing course, gives me a good intro about databases
Enjoyed the class and learned a lot!  Thanks, Dr. Chuck!
well structured course, and great programing assignments
this course is awesome, consider it a intro to database.
Assignments are too much spoon feeded, rest is too good.
Excellent for basics of python combined with data bases.
A great beginning to play around databases using Python.
Great Professor, great course! He makes programming fun.
Great way to learn databases and interaction with Python
A thorough and comprehensive course. Highly recommended.
Excellent Tutorial,assignments and teaching methodology
great, efficient, clear. I've learned a lot! Thank you.
well taught with a good concept, overall good concepts:
I really love this course! Is amazing!! Congratulations
Enjoyed the course. Very impressed with the instructor.
It was a good experience learning the fundementals of d
its some important course  need some concentrate on API
Really nice course touching modern techs besides python
Great content and orientation, but even better teacher!
great course, looking forward to know more about python
nice course with good information and  helpful practice
The Course was very resourceful and easy to understand.
One of the best (if not THE best) teachers out there...
Excellent course material from an excellent Instructor!
Excellent course. Thank you for sharing this as a MOOC!
I love it! It really helps me to grow up in my carrier!
Great Course and Great Explanation---give it 10 starts
Very Interesting course Specially last Assignment.....
a very good intro to database work using python course
Very interesting course. I'd like to recommend to all.
Great Course by great Instructor, thank you Dr. Chuck.
Good course and its recomandeded course for every one.
Great course to introduce working with Python and SQL.
This specialisation was really useful and interesting.
Very good course. I learn new things from this course.
Very nice course and Dr. Chuck is as awesome as ever!!
Excellent course and teacher! Please, do more courses!
Great course for beginners using Databases with Python
The best course(so far) in this specialization series.
great introduction to relational databases with python
Fantastic course as always from the legendary Dr Chuck
Really good staff!I've really used this knowledge yet!
Very good course and Instructor Mr. Chuck is awesome.
Thank you Dr. Chuck for this excellent online course.
Wonderful course from great man and solid university.
Great course, helps you learn a bit about sql as well
Clear and helpful. Assignment could be more difficult
The sample codes given for this class are very useful
Awesome course. I learned a lot during these 5 weeks.
Useful skills were presented in this course. Thankyou
its an amazing lectures  a big thanks to charles sir
Very Informative course. Thanks to Professor Charles
Amazingggg !!!! Mindblowing.Thanks a lot, Chunk Sir.
Another fantastic course from Coursera and Dr.Chuck.
This course is very helpful! Thanks Dr. Chuck a lot!
One of the best courses of the whole specialization.
Great course.  It allowed me to work with databases.
This coursera helps me a lot to learn python easily
Awesome course, Awesome Instructor, Awesome Python!
Great Course... introduction to database and SQL...
it's a great experience being student of Dr. Chunk.
This is a very useful course, which is full of fun.
The instructor was great and the course is Awesome.
Detailed explanation. Found the course very helpful
Brilliant course. Dr. Chuck is the best for Python.
Amazing introduction to dbms and how to utilize it!
Nice course. Quite easy course. Done it in few days
Well designed curriculum, very helpful information.
Excellent course. Thanks Coursera, Thanks Dr Chuck.
Loved it. I wish  this course had more assignments.
Great explanation of the fundamentals of databases.
Nice, it's been so much easier to learn data thing.
Excellent videos explanation and lively instructor
Very in-depth while easy. Dr. Chuck does it again.
Thanks for such a brilliant and inspiring course!!
this is an awesome course that i have ever learned
I learned a lot skills regarding db in this course
The materials provided are very helpful and clear.
thank you for keeping the assignments free so far.
A great easy to follow course just like the others
Really Helpful. Great course and great exercises.
Loved this course! Would definitely recommend it!
Amazing course and great instructor and lectures!
Very useful and beautifully explained the topics.
assignments are really interesting and challening
I think I have learned a lot through this course.
SQL and database definitions very well explained.
Database related basics are splendidly explained.
IT IS AWESOME. I'VE LEARNED A LOT FROM THIS. THX!
Excellent Course. learned a lot. Thanks Dr. Chuck
Very good course and Dr. Chuck is a great teacher
Excellent content and instructions. Fun to learn!
Very nice and helpful course. Awesome instructor.
Dr. Chuck is a gifted teacher.  Loved the course.
The most useful one for me in the specialization.
Excellent primer for using python with databases.
thanks for the course! It was very useful for me.
Excellent course and very smart about databases.
Amazing course and had a great fun learning it!!
Great content as usual by Dr Chuck and the team!
Great course, I learnt a lot, thank you so much!
Help understand Python a lot better than before.
Another fantastic course in this specialization.
Great professor, great videos, great information
Pretty good! Helped me a lot for my B.E. project
I like the examples in the course. very helpful.
Very Good ,and Suitable for start in programming
Very useful and well organized! Thanks so much!!
I think the assignment should be more difficult!
Super awesome course. Everyone should take this.
Another super course. This one moves faster. ;-)
Best course in the entire specialization so far.
Awesome course - looking forward to the Capstone
It's great learning journey with DB with Python
it was a useful course with a excellent teacher
Dr..Chuck is fantastic. Just love his lectures.
Perfect tutorial to work with database & Python
I felt in love with Python during the course :)
Very nice course. programatic and easy to learn
Great course for beginners, amazing instructor.
Thanks, Dr. Charles, a very interesting course!
One of the best online course I did till date.
Very good course indeed for database beginners
I learned a lot during this course, thank you
Great Python course with basic SQL programming
Its a really a good MOOC. Thank you professor!
Dr.Chuck, thank you for your time and lecture.
Really good intro to data storage with python.
it's easy for me to learn python with database
Great scope and great professor! Very usefull!
Thank you so much for your sharing, Dr. Chuck!
Awesome. We need more classes like this one :)
Thank you for very good programming lessons :)
Awesome course! I've never enjoyed SQL before.
Good Course, now, I'm going to Django Course!
This is fantastic ever course.I just like it.
five star abosolutly for kind work of teacher
I have learned a lot from taking this course.
A very good course where you learn SQL&Python
Clearly structured! Many thanks to Dr. Chuck!
This was a great class. Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
Great course. Both stimulating and practical.
Nice class, easy to follow and clear concepts
very good and useful course. 100% recommended
Nice for beginners and nice explained lesson.
It is very helpful to my future.Thank you...
What a great course with a great instructor!
I would take any class that Dr. Chuck taught
Very good for very beginners in programming.
Excellent course and methods of teaching!!!!
Very good course to start databases learning
Very nice course to getting start in python.
Very helpful course and Dr. Chuck is great!!
very clear videos & graphs for understanding
very good for beginner. enjoying this class.
Good course, good explanation and good test!
Great to get into python network programming
Excellent course from an excellence teacher!
Another great course from Dr. Chuck. Thanks.
Good course for learning sql database basics
This course has been very useful to my work.
Very useful! Dr. Chuck's the best professor.
this course was very informative, thank you
Amazing experience and  I have learnt a lot
Great for an overview between Python and DB
Good to learn, Need to add some more points
Love learning SQL and all of its components
Great course on a very interesting subject.
Great course, highly recommend!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this course is excellent! thanks Dr. Chuck!
Great teacher, very good learning material!
Excellent course, loved learning new stuff.
This is an awesome course! 100% recommended
Very nice course. The professor is awesome!
very good course love the way it is. Thanks
Excellent course for the DataBase concept.
Console was too good to practice and learn
It was a very good and influential course.
Good information and simple understanding.
Dr. Chuck is awesome and so is this course
Perfect course to start up with databases.
Database beginner can learn a lot from it.
This is really fantastic, thanks Dr. Chuck
That is the best python courses I've take.
Dr. Chuck is Great! Quite a useful course.
really nice course for starters such as me
As usual, Dr. Chuck's courses are awesome!
Another Great Course to be a part of !!!!
Got to learn new techniques regarding Sql
Best course so far in this specialisation
Very helpful course I ever learnt before.
Very Help and provide basics for database
It was an excellent learning opportunity.
DB bsics, THE place to start your db path
Great course, I can only give it 5 stars.
Great class. Very useful and well taught.
Excellent content and easy to understand.
Excellent course with very good materials
Excellent course for database-beginners !
this course was informative and enjoyable
Best course so far in this specialization
Nice application of python in data mining
clear and impressed. Thank you professor.
Great courses! Challenging but rewarding!
The class is interesting and good teacher
It is a good introductory course for SQL.
Very interesting and informative.  Thanks
Nice< very informative and useful course!
Great course to get an overview of mysql.
Nice Course to start with SQL & Database
Awesome Course!! Thank you so much sir!!
Thank you for this outstanding learning.
Very good course for python beginner...!
Amazing course,learnt many new concepts.
very clear, fun, flexible, knowledgeable
Great Course...a wonderful instructor!!!
Dr. Chuck is the MAN!. Wished went to UM
concise and helpful, thanks Pro. Charles
Excellent Work by Dr. Chuck and the Team
Lots of good examples and source models.
Totally awesome course and instructor!!!
The best python online course available!
Good Course with good practical training
Great job by the Dr. Chuck and the staff
one of the best courses i've ever heard.
I think the course excellent to analysis
Good course. I learned a lot of things!!
Wonderful class with a great instructor!
Excellent Course material and training.
Great and useful course! I recommend!!!
Go Chuck Go. Chuck is a great ThayYuan.
Well explained - very clear and useful.
Nice instruction and easy to understand
such a wonderful course....learnt a lot
Like this specialization sooooooo much!
Excellent course, thoroughly enjoyable!
wonderful helped to organise data base.
Cool class, I've learnt what I want to.
Great Course to put everything together
I realy enjoyed this course , thank you
Thank you for such an excellent course.
Great course, easy to follow and learn
great course with an awesome professor
Great intro course on database and SQL
I found it very interesting and useful
very good course easy to use and learn
Excellent course and awesome trainer!!
thanks coursera team and dear dr chuck
python is so sweet am real enjoying it
Awesome course. Learned a lot from it
Great course recommended to everyone.
Again Great experience with Dr Chuck.
The most interesting course until now
very efficient method for me to learn
Learned how to use database in python
other useful tools to interpret data.
Another brilliantly designed course !
Best course and i learnt lot from it.
I love this course and learned a lot!
They were great introductory courses.
Thank you for a wonderful experience.
Good lectures. Dr.Chuck You are best.
Another hard step to get a new skills
Great course, love this whole series.
useful, but could be more challenging
I've really enjoyed the whole series.
Simply to the point. No more no less.
Thanks for this amazing series Chuck!
All of Dr Chuck's courses are great.
Learned a lot about python databases
Excellent course, easy to understand
nice course on database using python
Great course and wonderful lecturer.
Great course, really easy to follow.
Awesome course and great instructor.
learn database concepts full fledged
Another great course with Dr. Chuck!
Perfect start for database knowledge
great professor! makes fun learning!
Great course! Awesome instructor! :D
Very good introduction to databases!
really useful and interesting course
Excelent course with great examples!
Excellent Course Coverage & Delivery
Very challenging for me. I loved it!
Great way to combine SQL and Python!
Very great videos, easy assignments.
Great course.I enjoyed it very much.
Excellent, as all the other courses!
Very helpful and interesting course!
Awesome course and Lecturer Dr.Chuck
Great course and really insightful.
it was full of fun and knowledgeble
great course with interesting tasks
It's really good course and support
Another great class from Dr. Chuck!
thanks and appreciated your efforts
Had a lot of fun with SQL + Python!
Dr.Chuck is just amazing professor!
Challenging and pleasant! Ver good!
Great course! Dr Chick is the best!
Very Great! For absolute beginners.
Very interesting course! I love it!
Great course, I have learned a lot.
I think everyone should take course
A good way to start with databases.
Another good course from Dr. Chuck!
Best Course in the specialization.
Dr. Chuck is my favorite professor
Amazing course and teacher. Thanks
awesome course for python beginers
Awesome Course && Great Instructor
Dr Chuck is the best, hands down !
Great python course for beginners!
best teacher ever. thank you chuck
Content is well set and delivered.
An excellent introduction into SQL
Great course and dr.Chuck is #1 :)
really good teacher and good class
Awesome! Advanced tools in Python.
Awesome course. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
great course! highly reccomend!!!
Another good course from Dr Chuck
one of the best course to attend.
Fantastic material and instructor
Great class.  Thank you Dr.Chuck!
Excellent. Thanks to Dr. Charles.
The course is very easy to follow
Really Good Course! Very helpful!
Thank you for all your helping!!!
Very clear and friendly lectures.
The course is really interesting.
Great teacher, fun course!Thanks!
Very straightforward! I liked it.
Awesome for begginers in python!
Great Learning from this course.
I learned a lot form the course.
Nice guide into the Databases!!!
I am grateful I took this course
Perfect course. Thanks Dr. Chuck
Great introduction to using SQL!
Great course and great professor
Very interesting and educational
Great course for an entry level.
Interesting introduction to SQL.
Basic introduction to databases.
Good content, excellent teacher.
Great introduction to Databases!
Great Course.. Really helpful...
It is a very instructive course.
great fun and a lot of knowledge
Amazing Course, all the package!
A very good course and teacher !
Excellent course and instructor.
Charles Severance is the best...
Excellent Course.Learned a lot.
Great and Easy Understanding !!
Python, SQL. The perfect match!
Basic and useful for beginners.
Thank you, Michigan University!
very useful and concise course.
It was great.  Taught me a lot!
Best introduction to databases!
interesting and helpful course!
GOOD recap of SQL and database!
great course as an introduction
Good course, thank you Coursera
Awesome class! Thank you Chuck!
Thanks to Dr. Charles Severance
This is an Excellent course..!!
Very useful course in Coursera.
Great introduction to databases
It was a wonderful experiance!
another nice course. thank you
Nice course, Great Instructor.
Awesome course. Thanks a lot!!
thanks for teaching the basics
most amazing course on python.
Excellent course by Dr. Chuck.
The best set of python courses
Its a very good introduction.
Great course! Even covers SQL.
thats exacty what I want....!!
Awesome course, must take this
Excellent course .Thanks a lot
Thank you for 4 great courses!
Really helpful and good one...
Thank You Very Much Dr Chuck.
shocked ...on receiving grade
Terrific! Very good classes!!
good start course of database
There is not enough exercise.
Very well organised lectures.
Nice and interresting course!
very interesting  learn on db
Great things to learn easily.
Great course. Want more......
Simple and useful, rery well
A great introduction into SQL
Well Structured and presented
Great class. Great professor.
really good for understanding
Excelent course for beginners
very good and understandable.
Awesome classes and Material!
Outclass style of education.
really helpful & good course
Great course thanks dr chuck
Easy to follow. Recommended!
Difficult but helpful course
need to be more ellaboration
great course to all students
Cool intro to Python and SQL
Great Course in Coursera.org
great course! thx Dr. Chuck!
Great course, learnt a lot!!
Really helpful and I love it
Fantastic course. Thank you.
Great Course, Great Teacher!
good course, very elementary
Using Databases With Python
Clear content, well driven.
Great class!  Thank you! :)
Wonderful Course! Loved it!
really useful and powerful!
Great course, learned allot
Interesting, clear & useful
Great course, great teacher
What a marvellous contents!
Thanks again! Great course.
it is a really good course
Dr.Chuck is simply amazing
great experience with this
Simple and understandable.
I like his teaching style!
Great introduction to SQL!
Nice Course.Well designed.
good course, and professor
really enjoyed the course!
The best teacherThank you!
I recommend this course to
Very nice course thank you
This course is very great!
Many thanks for authors!!!
Thumbs up for this course!
Enjoyed Doing this course
Great course and learning
Good course with good HW.
love the way of teaching!
it was so easy and great.
Dr. Chuck you're the best
Great intro to sqlite db.
The ultimate Ice breaker!
Love you Professor Chuck!
Thanks! Wonderful course!
Amazing and useful course
It's a very good lecture.
Perfect course, as usual.
nicely explained must do
Glad to take this course
It is an amazing course!
Very thanks to Dr. Chuck
So Good .And Me So Happy
Great class! I loved it!
Great course, a must do!
A really helpful course.
Well structured. thanks!
Great Dr Chuck delivery.
Well-planned and taught.
thanks Mr. chuck ....!!!
Nice and detailed course
Thank you, Dr. Chuck!!!!
Dr. Chuck does it again.
Hats off ! Prof. Charles
Dr. Chuck at his best :)
Chuck is great! Thanks!
enjoyed lot by learning
thank you very much sir
it was really wonderful
The course is so great!
What a great course!!!!
Great learning material
This series is amazing.
Very good, it's worth!!
Great course. As always
Great and lovely course
This is perfect course,
Dr Chuck you are ace!!
Great class! Loved it!
Excellet Course. Thank
great course love it
Great quality lessons.
This course was great
Dr.Chuck is the best.
good course to start.
thank you so much sir
So useful, thank you!
Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
The best ever course!
Very intuitive class.
Practical and useful!
Dr. Chuck is awesome
Really fun and clear
Awsome Experience!!!
extraordinary course
Learnt something new
`Very good course!!!
Thanks for Dr.Chuck!
dr.Chuck is the best
Great course indeed!
SQLITE3 is powerful!
Great as the others!
two words-thank you
interesting lessons
really ,nice course
Very well course!!!
Thank you Dr Chuck!
love these courses!
nice and acceptable
Thanks, good course
Chuck is awesome!!!
Awesome Learning !!
it was quite tough
Very nice! Thanks.
Interesting course
Thank to Dr.Chunk~
Awesome course! :)
Very Good Teacher!
Best Python Intro!
loved this course.
Very good. Thanks.
It's just awesome!
Dr.Chuck is great!
high level course
Nice one to learn
Wonderful Cource.
its a nice course
good explaination
I love this class
Good for starters
Wonderful course!
Awesome Course...
very knowlegeable
Already the best!
Very interesting.
it's good stuff.
Just Awesome!!!!
Great as always!
Very rich course
great as always!
Great as Always
I like this one
Perfect teacher
Really great!!!
It was great !!
Simple and Easy
Great Fantastic
The Best Course
Pure Knowledge
Chuck the man.
Awesome class!
Learned a Lot.
Perfect course
cool but short
IT WAS GREAT!
Very useful !
Quite Exited!
thanks chuck
Great Course
Gr8 Learning
Python rocks
Doing great!
Refreshing !
Great course
Great cours.
Huge thanks.
Finaly!!!!!
Very Cool!
Great-!
Top one
thanks.
Smooth
Geat!
