So far courses 1 and 2 have been great with excellent explanations. I have no idea why, but that all changes for this course. The explanations are lacking and I'm left super confused. I ended up passing this class, but I feel I didn't get a good grasp and would need to take another "access web data" like class to actually have a grasp, even a basic grasp at that. This course should be revisited with better explanations.
Unfortunately on the whole I was very disappointed with this class. I took the first two Python courses and found them manageable, but this third one was an unrealistic increase in difficulty from the previous two. I reached out for help on the discussion board a number of times and saw many others were struggling as well. Mentors who responded to some of the other students were clearly getting defensive when those students were getting nowhere on the assignments. I think this program should reevaluate itself so students such as me can keep up with the assignments. On average I was spending about 10 hours per week just on the syntax for building the programs.  A little about my background: I have 20 years of experience in the private sector and am currently an analyst in cyber security. I have an undergraduate degree in finance, an MBA, and another master’s degree in Data Analytics. This 5 course program has been described and sold as beginner level, and given my background I should have handily been able to complete it, but that was definitely not the case. Normally I don’t leave feedback unless I feel strongly about something, so I hope you take it seriously. Thanks.
The assignments often go way beyond what is taught in the lectures or book. There was not a single assignment that I did not have to rely on reading tons of extra info from Overstack or other coding sites. I don't mind if the course is challenging, but it's challenging not because it's extremely difficult, but rather because it is testing things that weren't taught.
This course was horribly explained. The XML and JSON chapters just went over my head. I had to go to youtube for better and logical explanations. Feels like the instructor is in a hurry to finish the course content and do something else in his life
The course was great, but the teaching staff was so rude and mean to me.
Horrible course, it should not be part of this specialization!!!!!
The course fails to teach anything. The concepts r introduced well but the coding part comes out of no where. Coding part should've been taught systematically considering people have no prior knowledge in web data.
This course does introduce the beginning student to the web access aspects  albeit in a rudimentary manner. This could have been a very informative and educational course but it was tarnished because of several shortcomings and errors. 

Pros
------
If you have not done any form of web-based programming or not familiar with that technology, this course does introduce a beginning programming student on the rudimentary aspects of accessing web data using Python. You will learn techniques such as creating sockets, connecting to a host and retrieving web pages as well as related third-party products that help you understand what's going on behind the scenes

Cons
------
1. The course presents complex code with no comments and no explanation of the more complex functions. You come away with a empty feeling of not having understood everything that you have learned. And that includes the assignments which use code provided by the instructor

2. The topics regarding XML and Json structures and access methodologies could have been explained in more detail. Chuck went over his code without explaining some of the key points which I had to discover on my own. Extremely challenging for newbies

3. I felt the assignments were confusing and not very challenging. I realize this is a beginner's course and therefore the level has to be kept down but I felt that a couple more (optional if necessary) assignments for some of us who want to delve deeper into this area would have been more educational

4. As far as some of the technology described in the course and the sample code provided for web scraping twitter info, what can I say....except that it was DISASTROUS! Chuck talks about using telnet to access web servers. But most of the students did not understand the concepts as was evident from the innumerable questions for help. It seemed like the teaching staff themselves were ill-prepared to answer telnet questions or perhaps thoroughly frustrated as evinced in their curt replies and a burning desire to skip questions related to telnet. This spiraling of telnet-related questions became so heavy that one of the mentors finally put the topic to eternal rest by stating..."I am going to close this thread because telnet has been deprecated since the videos were made and there is no reason wasting time on an obsolete method." All very well said, but all this frustration and anguish for both students and mentors about such an "obsolete" technology could have been squarely avoided had this topic been removed or a warning note placed. Same for the twitter code samples provided in this course, which did not work because of structural and policy changes implemented by twitter. Not the instructor's fault though.

5. Another frustrating experience was the lack of help provided for those who posted questions on the socket programs provided by the instructor. The programs were written for a MacOS environment and the exact same code fails miserably in a Windows environment. Sometimes the students make mistakes in typing the code, sometimes they are behind a firewall/proxy server which results in a run-time error. There have been innumerable posts about the socket errors faced by many students. It would have been helpful for the students to understand what they did wrong.  One mentor, Tamara Brunnock, the teaching staff for this course cleverly sidesteps the original problem by a standardized cookie-cutter response "Try using Chrome Developer Tools instead". This exact phrase has been used in at least 30 responses and variations of this phrase in other responses. This tool is in no way related to the original Python program and does not help the student understand what went on in the program or how to understand the error. If a teaching staff member can respond to a legitimate student complaint on a programming problem by directing them to a third-party tool instead of addressing the original problem, it does not speak well of this course.
I would have given this course a higher rating but after all the frustrations I encountered, the lack of adequate help from the staff and a lack of explanation of concepts used in the lectures have left me unsatisfied and unhappy with having spent big bucks on this course. This course needs a lot of upgrading to newer technologies and dissolution of obsolete technologies and non-functional code that is provided.

By all means take this course but be prepared for a frustrated, time-consuming experience.
Took the first two courses which were fine but this one started off poorly and just got worse, unfortunately. I'm wondering if I can get my money back.
teaching staff.......no good, helpless
I thought the content layout for Courses 1 and 2 were okay. However, when I got to Course 3: Using Python to Access Web Data, I was extremely disappointed. This specialization is advertised as one does not require programming experience. Course 3, however, introduces a variety of computer science topics that I believe cause information overload for a beginner. A student is bombarded with information about regular expressions, the HTTP protocol, web sockets, URLs, HTML, XML, JSON, and APIs. In fact, the video lectures spend the majority of the time explaining these concepts, while spending very little time explaining how to use Python to access web data. The corresponding book, Python for Informatics, was of little help understanding the assignments. Like the videos, the book lacks sufficient numbers of examples. The few examples that are given lack adequate explanations of the code they contain. I found myself on many occasions asking, "What exactly does this line or block of code do?", and could not locate the answer. If not for the forum, I would not have been able to complete th
Not as good as the previous courses in this specialization. There are many aspects that one needs to know before applying for the course.1. If this is the first course you are taking before taking any of the previous courses in this spealization then you should probably think and might take the previous ones. Since this course consists of some topics that are discussed in the previous course.2. The explanation Is too short and I felt it is rushed and not proper explanation is given in some of the topics.3. There are some good assignments , I was able to do some of them on my own without taking any help based on the explanation and videos . While most of the assignments are difficult since proper explanation is not given . 4. In most of the examples of solved programs instructor does not show the full detailed solution and explanation since the topics is been covered in the previous course. (The typical "You have learnt this in your school " so I m not repeating types)At the end I felt that I have not gained much knowledge from this course and just completed the assignments.
The pedagogy of this course is disappointing because of a lack of sequential instruction. Large gaps exist: explanations of syntax and conceptualization of how the data flows seem incomplete. I have looked at all kinds of documentation as well as the book, but I cannot find what I need to know, and this a barrier to completing the assignments. The instructor's videos have shown me very little of what I need to understand the concepts. The examples show at most 20% (that is just a guess, it is probably less) of the knowledge that I need to complete the assignments. When I ask questions on the forums,  the first word I think when I read mentors' explanations is "cryptic."
This course is garbage. The instruction videos are fine, but the assignments are imprecise in their language at times, and there are certain key points needed to complete them that aren't covered in the videos. The mentor in the forums is lousy, and his responses are worded as if he's talking with a peer and not a beginner/student. I may or may not try another coursera course after this. But if this experience is any indication, Coursera isn't very good. The same UofM course appears over on Udemy, and I wonder if it is just being repurposed on as many platforms as possible without the care needed to make sure it works.
No teaching. Just a guy talking and sometimes complaining about imaginary students' hypothetical thoughts. Do the problem sets for practice. If you need help, pause the videos and try the code out yourself. Seriously though, a programming course where the teacher is not actively type out the code but just scribbling around it. He doesn't work through code but talks around the concepts.
Course started out with python 2.7 and then moved to python 3.x after the second week. Felt like I was paying for a Beta course. Assignment samples didn't match up for the xml parsing section... json code was provided.... spend hours getting beautiful soup to work then figured out they had switched the python version on me.... course forum was worthless
You can't get help.  I got stuck on this one assignment. but the only place to get help is a forum which is not helpful.  I was asking for extra help and that doesn't happen.  This is strictly you get what you pay for.
Very hard course all of a sudden. I have completed many specializations and I can say that this has too steep a learning curve.
What comes in the videos has pretty much no correlation to the elements of each assignment
difficult assignments and not so understandable content
Confusing. No help. Poorly presented.
explanation was not up to the mark.
I would give 0 stars if I could
Poor course. not recommended
really hard assignments
very poor course
Not useful
1) In the video lectures, instructor assumes that you are familiar with the subject. Even though i have completed previous courses in the specialization, most of the time i was very unfamiliar with the subjects that i have been assumed to know.   2) Most of the time instructor is going out of subject and it is being very distracting for not native speakers. I am having hard time understanding the content and then realize that he is speaking about sth. irrelevant.  3) since video lectures are not covering all, you will have hard time understanding the content if your background is not CS. So when you are having hard time to understand the content Instructor trying to make unfunny jokes will annoy you. I liked first two courses of specialization and hopeful about last two... but this one is below average.
The rule of not allowing TAs to explain to students the answers to the quiz in the discussion area doesn't make sense at all, because the assignment itself does not give an explanation for the answers. Many students seek help after completing the quiz. If they intended to cheat, they don’t need to bother asking questions in the discussion area, because the test itself is unlimited, and they can repeat the test multiple times to get the correct answer. If there is no chance to ask questions about the quiz, how can the problems aroused in the quiz be solved?
I am running Firefox v50 on Ubuntu Linux v16.04. I was unable to watch any of the lecture videos due to the page reloading every 2 - 10 seconds. I tried moving to a different video with the same results. I don't know if this is UC Davis-specific or whether Coursera has changed significantly since the last time I took a class, but this course is totally unusable.I would have left this review with Coursera rather than as a course review, but Coursera doesn't make contact information easy to locate.
After taking two great courses from Dr.Chuck, this course was a disestar. It consumed all of my energy and motivation. I am not sure wheter I continue with this specialization from Dr.Chuck. In the process of this course he always pretend like I am a web programmer but in fact, I was not and I could not catch a great portion of this course. So sad... What a pitty
Course 1 and 2 of this specialization were much more effective and easy to understand. The assignments were really hard. Somehow completed them but didn't get enough knowledge. Many of the topics were not properly explained so became much difficult to pass the assignments. The difficulty level was really high this time.
Course 1 and 2 really perfect and amazing. They taught me how to write my own program But this course 3 was really bad. It didn't taught me how to write code my ownself but it taught me how to copy and paste worked example codes and change them a little bit !
Nowhere as good as the first two courses in this specialization. Do not have high expectations as you will spend more time on Google and YouTube understanding things taught in this course as compared to the time you spend watching lecture videos!
I am really disappointed by the teaching staff , I did not copy/paste any of the codes yet they have given me zero grades. This is how you examine student's code ? Because of this I feel so disappointed after all these efforts.
The class was great. 
I'm rating this course, because it looks I'm  being prevented to go the next course, ***that I already started*** and can't get back to !   assume that nothing I say means a thing. but I am ticked off!
I only received 96% as a final result, even though I obtained 100% for every assignment. Pathetic rating system. If I had paid for this course I would be incensed.
I'm getting coursera verification prompts too often. This doesn't happen in any of the other courses I've taken/I'm taking
this course does not go deep enough to actuulay understand somting and most of the code are gicen without any explnation
Very poor that in order to submit any exam I have to purchase the course when I can download the book and learn as well.
It is very confusing how the course is graded. I am spending more time to think about the UI rather than course
The instructor is good but when you need help GOOD LUCK. The help people are terrible so I am stuck for 3 days
Very poor course... You can pass it in a one day even if you never program Python.
I am not able to submit m assignment of 3 weeks so kindly please help me out
Slow and worst explanation for simple things.Need quick and short videos.
Totally bullshit. Most of the codes were unexplained.
hard to follow along with
As an experienced programmer, I am unimpressed.  The assignments cover a good set of tools; web i/o.  I would introduce classes before getting into web i/o; this would emphasize critical coding habits of productive programmers: modularity and reusability.  Also, variables and files are poorly named.  Comments are lacking.  The exercises don't ask students to program; they ask students to tweak (at most) the example programs.  Students are instructed to disable security features without sufficient discussion of the risks involved.  Overall, the presentation looks rushed and unpolished.  Code looks like it was hobbled together until it worked and never edited for clarity.  If someone I cared about wanted examples of good programming, I would tell them to avoid this.
Doing this course is not so much related to Python but to other
computer engineering topics.Network concepts are required, as well as knowing other programming
languages such as HTML, XML or JSON, API or WebServices. Assignments require
parsing webpages in HTML, XML or JSON, so knowledge of the same is needed. I
would not pursue this course unless having strong knowledge about those topicsIt is offered as part of a certification for people that know nothing
about programming, so between course 2 and 3 there is a huge conceptual gap
(going from loops, if-else and defining variables to HTTPS protocols, JSON and
Service Layers). Keep your expectations right
NOTE: I am taking this course as a professional looking to move from Excel (which I have a high level of experience with) to Python. It is entirely possible that this course perfectly suits the needs of a person who has taken programming classes before and can fill the gaps, but it was not well suited for someone in my position. Below is my review of course #3 of the Python for Everybody certificate program. Let me start by saying that much like the University of Michigan football team, this course is highly reviewed at the onset, starts off well, and falls apart near the end. The class does a good job of covering basics on a topic, but expects one to bridge the gap between learnings with steps not covered (or barely touched on) in the program. This is likely due to an effort to keep the videos manageable in length, as I have yet to come across one longer than 20 minutes. However, this attempt at brevity causes much to be missed in execution; many students post the same questions to the online forum for help, which leads one to believe that crucial steps were missed or overlooked by the majority of students. I routinely find myself passing the 10-question quiz on the first attempt, but then not understanding what the assignment is asking me to accomplish. This results in me making wild guesses at the code and re-watching hours of content for a throwaway sentence that holds the key to the problem at hand. To summarize, the videos seem to prepare the user for the end-of-chapter quiz, but the assignments are far detached from the learnings of the video and textbook. This course might be well suited for someone who has used Python or other languages in the past and wants to take a course to refine their skills. If you're a professional looking to learn Python for the first time, you're better off buying a book that provides the answer to an exercise with step-by-step rationale for the process (something the author's textbook does not do, unfortunately).
Well being a graduate of CSE course 1 & 2 of this specialization were fairly easy to me and fun to learn. But, this one in the last 2 weeks kept me scratching my head about what's going on here. The assignments were too hard or too easy at the same time. Why hard?? Because, too much was covered in the week 5 and week 6 and clear explanations weren't given. I found most assignments too hard at the beginning and then too easy afterwards because I ended up copying the supplied source codes and tweaking them to get the job done. I didn't write most parts of the codes like in the first two courses. I completed the course quite easily but I doubt how much I've actually learned. Most parts of the source codes I've submitted is still a mystery to me. I don't  understand each line of code I've submitted which I think I should when I've completed the course.
Previous courses seem better constructed and maintained. A glaring error was that the Week 6 quiz asked several questions about REST, but this was not covered in the material at all. Many other students have pointed this out on the forum several months ago. It looks like REST was removed from the syllabus, but not from the quiz. It would be good if they corrected this, as I went through all the course material again trying to figure out what I had missed.
I'm not confident I know how to write the code alone without copying and pasting from an existing code. I am also not sure I understand what REST is.
I think that the average user will be overexerted by the complexity of this course after week 4. You have to consider that most participants barely have experience in programming at all and I am pretty sure that some will get lost, lose interest and definitely will not be able to reproduce this kind of web scraping for their own projects.The step from scraping through simple HTML to using libraries and APIs was too much in my opinion.
Compared to other Python Courses I have taken this is course has no meat on them bones and is NOT worth $80 at all even for a certificate. However for FREE? ok. Worth the introduction to some useful tools. Spend your time and money on a more valuable course like Fundamentals of Computing Specialization, which is awesome, and is about the same price as of this writing.This course offers no challenge, little content, and the assignments let me down. Assignments are basically handed to you where you only need to alter one line of text to get the right answer on what is supposed to take an hour.Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python thru Rice U has content and weekly mini projects that really push your learning ability and after taking the courses, I felt like I really got something out of it. This course barely scratches the surface of "Accessing Web Data" and does nothing to challenge your coding skills. The positive side, it introduces you to Web API's, the basics of Beautiful Soup, and other BUZZWORDS. At least structure assignments to combine all of the efforts learned in previous chapters onto one another. Side note... what is the professor doing filming lectures on vacation or at lunch? This does nothing to add to the content of the course and is distracting and unprofesh.The meaningless assignments let me down.
After finishing this last part of this Specialisation I fell completely frustrated and agree with other feedbacks in this list. The first part of this Specialisation was really inspiring and I feel that learned a lot. In parallel to those courses, I was able to apply the knowledge acquired in the Py4e to learn Matplotlib, Pandas and Numpy and I was very excited applying that learning in my own research.However, this last course, ‘Using Python to Access Web Data’ was ridicule difficult. The exercises were impossible to my knowledge and understanding. There must be something wrong, since I was able to complete the first courses. The exercises were always challenging, but I was able to accomplish them. While the first courses I was able to understand and find the sources on the readings; this last one was awfully dispersed. I simply didn’t understand the codes, the structures and how to parse the information.While I was exciting discussing and suggesting those first courses to my colleagues. Sorry, this last one I cannot recommend, since I did not understand the codes. I am really sorry for this feedback; but I know that I gave my best and I was unable to enjoy this course. Now I feel that I need to search for another course to learn how to access the web with Python.
This course is really really challenging if you only took the first two courses before this. The tests are quite hard to get. there are many moving pieces and it is hard to know where to begin with. I tried very hard to understand the lectures but i would say it just doesn't help with the tests. I wouldn't recommend to beginners like me. but if you know python for a while maybe that's another story.
Course is not organized properly. Enough detail is not discussed for some parts. Especially for the parts on Beautifulsoup. Some information is just provided in the links in slide with no reference to whether it is optional to check or not. This course would be good for someone with prior knowledge about JSON, XML and HTML.
need more clarification, the instructor suppoised that we have a solid background in this area (access web data). I am very disappointed from this course.
Average at best. The quiz for networking may be the worst I have ever seen. I was expecting them to ask me if you could be an animal what would you be?
The reading materials and lectures were straight-forward and easy to understand, but the assignments were very difficult and caused me to dislike
Not enough relevant material was covered for completing the assignments
REST APIs and week 6 lectures are extremely hard to comprehend.
I adored all the previous courses but I think there is some guidance lacking in this course with made me complete it with quite some frustration.  The manual does not nearly explain enough as it gets more complicated. There should really be some more guidance as how to maneuver through all the lists and dictionaries . Also a lot of example code is just there without anyone telling you why, which makes it hard to understand what is actually going on.

It might also be nice to get some extra help or at least some tips when you are using python 3. The manual is adapted for Python 3 but the course is not at all, which means you have to convert all example code which is time consuming and error prone.

Then as a last thing, it is really annoying that I cannot do the quizzes and exercises without watching the movies. Especially those stupid questions as who invented this and this. Sorry but that is really not what I want to spend my time on.
Dr. Chuck seems like a great professor and I would love to take a course with him in person if I attended the University of Michigan, but I felt I didn't really learn much due to the extremely low difficulty of assignments. Most involved literally just taking the sample code provided and modifying a few lines slightly. I guess it's somewhat forgivable given the difficulty inherent in packaging so many deep, nuanced concepts into a digestible course for the masses, but it still doesn't change the fact that I don't feel like I really learned much of anything. While in the course, I stressed out a bit over the assignments, thinking I was expected to understand all example code provided, until I realized the assignment involves changing like two lines and that's it.
The continuity and smoothness of the first two Python courses have been lost. From week 3 onward the assignments were badly worded, and that distracts the learning. People were trying to decipher the wording of the questions, not learning how to code. Lectures of later weeks were "rushed", very little buildup of understanding and I felt assignments were done for the sake of passing, very little were learned during those final 3 to 4 weeks. Effort were mostly wasted as little learning has been retained. May be there are topics that needed to be introduced for Course 4, will see, as I'll be doing straight after. The course overall is still very positive and the prof. clearly has put in a lot of effort and they are greatly appreciated.
I wish there were options to hide the clues given for the coding assignments and for the last assignment I understood what was happening and why but I really just copied and pasted the code given for the Google API assignment and only had to make the minor change to find the textual identifier in JSON. I think there should be more than one solution explained for each coding example  and I am concerned about not knowing how to deal with unstructured data, up to this point it has been ideal, relatively easy, structured data in the assignments.  I am learning just not sure how much I can do without looking at my notes as a reminder.
I thought that in multiple situations they tried to get around teaching something that they considered beyond the scope of the class and it didn't work very well. For example, one chapter required that you set up a non-standard library. Instead of actually teaching students how to set up non-standard libraries, they just gave you a file that would make everything in the chapter work. This is fine for a class, but in the real world there aren't people handing out magical files that make everything work.
As a beginner, the first two courses had really helped me in getting a solid understanding, but in this course I was somehow left with feeling as if I did not grasp the full content of the course. I think there was too much material to cover and less support to really achieve it. Nevertheless, Dr. Chuck's way of teaching is awesome, wish he could have given more lectures in this course.
I felt like the code involved a lot of boilerplates which were not explained properly, and I experience some of the concepts to go over my head.this course was unlike the previous 2 courses by Dr. Chuck.Dr. Chuck is amazing and engaging instructor but for this particular course I felt a little more time should have been spent on some of the topics
Professor is good and funny, and subject is interesting, but that's all. Very basic course, very easy to follow and not at all challenging. Also (maybe because being that easy), peer review is compromised by people who doesn't really know what they're doing there, with comments that were clearly made without any knowledge about the subject.
I felt that more practical examples were needed. I struggled getting the exercises done. Even when I completed them it didn't feel like I knew what I was doing - more like "ok it is working now, don't touch it" feeling is what I felt. I understand one might say, the canned reply of "that is how programming is" but this one felt different.
I'm abandoning this course because if it's reliance on urllib.  This library isn't supported my environment (Anaconda) and the alternative, urllib3, is too different.  I've attempted to work around this limitation with 'requests' but this only got me so far.IMHO this course should be re-written using the more modern requests module.
The professor didn't take enough examples and it was quite difficult to understand the concepts. The whole course was very difficult to understand as basics were not covered properly. The course says Python for everybody but i don't think so, its for those who have some prior knowledge in html and web developing. VERY DISAPPOINTED
This course needs to improve insights from the online tutors in the discussion boards. It took me over a month to complete the final assignment of this course, which I had to pay for. If I would have better insights in the discussion boards, it would have saved me a lot of time and money.
a bit difficult since week4the lessons seem to be a bit rush as so many details were not be explained, it caused me confused a lot on why the code should be written in that way or how would the code turns out to be. I wish the assignment could be more practical as well.
For the third Course in the Python specialisation this is a very basic 6 weeks. The assignments are repetitive and you are pretty much spoon fed everything. If you are looking for a challenging course this is not for you!
The knowledge is distributed very sparse in these courses. The lecturer often repeats himself or goes off the topic, which makes several videos just a waste of time, since they do not give the information they promised.
I felt lost with this course. it was extremely interesting content and probably well explained, but its very hard to keep up to content, its too much of new info, with less context for each piece of new information.
This course was difficult for me as beginner, found it too complicated and I needed to do some extra research and studying to understand the concept of sockets, urllib and all that web/ network- related material.
Please provide information about how to use Python3 on a Chromebook! The assignments were very hard for me to do, since the Python app I downloaded didn't recognize most of the commands, such as BeautifulSoup!
i wanted to do web page classification using python. how do I solve this problem with this programming skill?take one web page recommendation  engine course to find relevant pages only
very  high level  and  difficult  for  students  who are  not  that  familiar with  API  .Assignments  can be  completed  but  the  understanding  is  not  thorough
This course is not for "everybody". Too difficult for beginners!The lecture videos teach you how to do algebra, and the hw assignments are calculus-level questions!
Assignment solution topic for geoson API is not good, it should give https://py4e-data.dr-chuck.net/json?key=42 instead gives geoson and had hard time solving it
The course (and specialization) started out well, but by the end way too many things are being introduced before the student (me) has really mastered Python.
This course strayed too far from its origins. Yes, this course contains topics that are nice-to-know, but they are by no means essential or useful.
Didn't meet my expectations. The course is pretty shallow in terms of depth. The assignments are not sufficient at all. Disappointed.
Course doesn't offer complete knowledge nor includes many real world application examples
Explanations could have been more clear. More focus was required on urllib and parsing.
Compared to the previous two courses, this one is poorly structured, rushed and unclear
Didn't find this course very useful what I was looking for, boring!
it's not good for learning python for use in data science
this was a very boring course from the abouve to courses
I cannot complete this course since labs are not working
Good videos, but way too easy and not enough practice.
the explanation in xml, html, json is not enough
felt very unnecessary for the speciatialization
lots of parts need more explaination
This class is not challenging at all
peer graded assignment is not good
Not as good as the other two
not so much into the subject
well this was a good course though but I didn't feel very connected with web services i.e. I couldn't understand each line of code written for APIs. I didn't understand the concepts used in geojson api and twitter api completely. I would recommend to add basic explanation about these as I was not able to write codes myself that are illustrated in the course. So that's the place where I lost connection with the course as these concepts are not explained at beginner level programmers who are listening terms like API, SOA, JSON, XML, Web Scraping etc first time. So please elaborate these topics more simply and in detail so that we can understand each line of code.
Great up until Week 5 & 6. Probably needs to be a 7 or 8 week class at least. Some assignments basically require you to have previous programming experience, or else you will likely find yourself browsing the web looking for guidance and help.
I really enjoyed the first two courses of Dr. Chuck's Python for Everybody Specialization -- but not this one. As some other reviewers have already stated I, too, felt increasingly frustrated and somehow left alone during this course. Most of this course's assignments were way too difficult and I had to search the web for hours to find some help to solve them. Or, quite honestly, I had to cheat my way through them, because I just didn't know what to do anymore. There are of course the discussion forums where one can state one's problem - but although the staff and mentors are really quick with replying (thumbs up for that), their tips are often way too general and not helpful at all.

After taking this third course I will definitely not continue with the Specialization, as I originally planned to, simply because in comparison to the first two courses, this third course is way too difficult and frustrating!

Also, in my opinion, Dr Chuck tries to squeeze in far too many different topics and different programming langauges into this course, instead of really just focusing on Python itself.

I completed this course, yes, but it left me with a very frustrated and unsatisfied feeling. I don't think I was really able to learn a lot from it, which is really a pity, since I enjoyed the first two courses so much.
I'm giving 3 star because I compare this course to Python for everybody and data structure which are perfect courses. The first reason that I'm not happy with this course is that you can never get the course finished because you have to wait for your first assignment reviewed by students and I saw in Forum that some people are waiting for 1 year! I guess thousands of students are waiting to get their homeworks reviewed. The assignment is taking screenshot from your python installed and printing something! This is the third course and who got this far for sure has python installed, Is the assignment really that necessary?!Another reason is the lectures are in python 2 and for the assignments if you are going to work with python 3 (which by the way they recommend students use it rather than python 2 in the first course), is going to be pain. There are really different and its confusing and frustrating to figure out the codes that work with your python version. I also think the lectures somehow got really complicated and difficult very fast in this course. However, I have to be fair and admit that I didn't know anything about xlm, html and json before taking this course and now at least I know what they are!
The prior courses in this specialization  are  great, however be aware that around week 4 of this course I believe its Assignment 2  using the url to spider links it becomes problematic, and the reason for this is that the outline given to you to solve the problem by the auto-grader is wrong  you will waste hours scratching your head as to why  your not coming up  with the correct sequence.It is only when you  go  to the forum that you will find out what the correct steps are that your code should follow. Along with working with URLs this course introduces google API  Twitter API,XML and json  towards the end. My only nitpick with this is that your given one-two assignments with these concepts  but there is no assignments to explore  and utilize  other data on the web its pretty much up to the individual own initiative
This is a great course with a fantastic instructor. However, the teaching staff was extremely condescending and impatient. Apparently she expected all of us to do the assignments in the same way, and if a student used a different method and got stuck, she would just tell them to switch to the one method she suggested and provide no helpful feedback on their questions at all.  For the assignment in week 5, she posted a step-by-step guide and then replied to almost all questions in the discussion board by telling people to reread the guide or even delete everything & start over to just use her method.  As the TA for a beginner's class, she is very discouraging for people who just started learning coding. She definitely made the learning experience a lot worse than it needed to be.
Thanks for the wonderful course.  I truly had a great opportunity to learn from  a Professor from MIT by sitting in India. The lectures were beautifully presented so that we do not have a feel of how time elapsed. However, compared to the previous 2 courses, this one is a little bit tough to learn.  The explanations and slides changing are too fast that it was very difficult to grasp the concept. The Twitter API example and corresponding videos could be avoided since it requires a lots of stuff from the Professors library.  Overall, the number of videos in Week 6 could be reduced.  Please bring the flow of clarity like in Course 1 and Course 2 in Course 3 also.  If possible, please upload a copy of the PPTs at course website.
Graders/TAs are not very helpful, and condescending at times, which takes a lot away from the learning experience. This didn't only happen to me, but to others as well. I ran into these incidents while going through the different forum postings looking for answers to my questions. Also, I wish more robust programs would be added to the lectures and have the teacher explain them, so that the students can gain more supervised experience with more complex assignments. Other than that, the professor is a great lecturer, always has a simple way of explaining CS concepts and make his lectures easy to follow. One last thing, please improve on the assignments description - the objective is not always clear.
I think the integration between extracting data from local documents (2nd course) to extracting data from web documents (this course) was awesome. I have some experience managing JSON and HTML syntax, and I had no problems on the assignments. However, the course's covering REST and APIs were rushed, and I think the assignments were not that challenging, because they could be done by modifying the last lines of the provided sample code (I recommend writing all the code by yourself).If you want to have full understanding of the concepts involved in this course, you have to research A LOT. But, as Dr. Chuck said, the goal here is to at least tell you that that stuff exists.
I enjoyed this course, and the learning materials and instructor is great, but I felt that quite a bit that was covered (like the Twitter URL and API) required me to accept a number of principles/code that seemed to be a lot more complex than my beginner level could really engage with. When the assignments came we were given sample code that was 80-90% usable in our assignments. I did not feel like I was learning as much when I did not have to write my own code  but just changed one or two lines...I also did not feel comfortable to attempt my own version as there were so much (given) code that I understood the reasons for but not really how to use it differently myself.
The course itself is fine. However, if you want to get the most out of it I recommend to take some courses in web page and network design before taking this course. The assignments are pretty much consist of pre-made programs provided by the instructors and students  adjust them slightly to pull data from the web and then adding few line of codes from two previous courses in the specialization to loop and iterate to calculate some numbers.If the pre-made programs are not provided I don't think that you are able to write the program from scratch by yourself if you don't have beforehand knowledge and understanding web design
3/5, great professor lectures and good textbook, but the class is structured in such a way as to rush us through every new concept without lingering to practice or revisit material, and the assignments seemed to be very difficult in comparison to the previous classes. This is especially the case after introducing us to BeautifulSoup -- the difficulty of the assignments ramps up very quickly for people with no programming experience. This class has a fun professor and decent reading material but it may take studying elsewhere to complement your grasp of concepts when completing the class's assignments.
I liked this course and I am liking the specialization a lot. But I noticed the quality of the courses decreasing. The first courses were perfectly explained and worked and I know what was everything.In this course there is a lot unsaid, a lot of things in the code that are not explained. And it goes very fast. I understand that at this point the professor might expect us to look at documentation, but he does not explain how that documentation is organized nor where it is. And the documentation is NOT easy reading.I wish there were some more explanations and more exercises like in the first courses.
I think that this course, in comparison to the previous ones is considerably more difficult. One has to link all that was learned previously in python to these new exercises and I feel like there is a lot of information given in a short time. Also, the assignments are considerably more difficult than the examples provided during the lectures. I think the course would benefit from some additional assignments as well as either additional lectures or directions to further reading and exercises that would facilitate the understanding of the concepts related to using python for accessing web data.
I continue to like these courses, although I spent way too much time on the assignments. I also think the assignments are poor in terms of teaching. I actually do not know, if my programs were good or not. I just know, I muddled myself through to reach the correct results.The grading of this course was not working properly. I had problems grading my colleagues, and was therefore not getting credit at the time I actually finished it.Coursera has to improve, so such frustrating things do not diminish the actual pleasure and benefit of learning over this platform do not diminish sharply.
After taking previous two courses I think everything is going on well and being organized we. But from this course the difficulty increases extremely. I did not have any problem to do assignments in course 1 and 2, but in this course 3 I have to post questions on the forum because I cannot even understand the assignment question, or search even basic concepts on Google. Maybe the teaching staff want us to do assignments independently and they only answer part of my questions on the forum. But as I have problems in doing assignments, I hope they could give me clear explanations.
The codes are too hard. Maybe this course will benefit from being a whole specialization for full comprehension of the libraries used, such as urllib or BeautifulSoup. The XML task was really hard, especially because of the Geographical code. If anyone sees this, before taking this course, I strongly sugest taking other basic python courses, and if you have taken other python courses; I suggest you to do week 5 and inmediatly week 6, to understand the week 5 task. Other than that, the teacher is great, and other tasks are kinda easy.
Course had pretty good basic information for people not familiar with programming. I would like to have seen more in-depth tasks or project(s) that would require deeper exercise of the topics covered in class. Each assignment boiled down to parsing a file using specific method (reg ex, Beautiful Soup, XML, or json libraries) to do the same task. Requiring people for instance to build additional data types already taught (lists, dictionaries) would have been at least little more challenging.Overall it is a good basic intro class.
Very difficult, this is not for beginners, should be intermediate.They should consider make the course a bit longer so they could explain the topics with more patience and details. I, particularly, needed a lot more explanation about JSON and XML before those assignments.The mentors of the forum could give more details to answer our doubts, after all,  we are beginners! Maybe a reminder should be repeated every lesson because it is a trouble in every assignment we make: attention to the Python version we are working!
The topic is an important one I feel but this course is way boring. Despite the instructor being a great teacher, I felt he was just reading slides without going on with a more detailed explanation. There is no engagement with the students other than the forums which are awful for providing good answers despite the fact that they answer fast. No in-video questions, the exercises are too ambiguous or too easy. At the end, I just wanted to finish, get my certificate, and continue with other courses than this one.
The course is awesome, really awesome but there's one thing, which I didn't really liked, the part of REST API and API what taught at a very fast pace, and the the course should have divulged more into API and how to handle them and use them, I mean there are lots and lot of pubic API's available and we still discuss about paid API's. That really disappointed me.But still, Dr.Chuck is one of the best educator on Coursera and I would highly recommend this course, but you would need to google a ton of things.
I feel that some of the videos here were short and fast. JSON could have been dealt in more detail. It would have been nice to have a piece where you write a program only to dump the JS and then use that dump to show how the individual elements can be retrieved, counted etc. It was not intuitive for me to know that print ("Place id", js["results"][0]["place_id"]) would print place_id. I had to dump the JS, look down and see the tree structure and get it. Twitter API video especially was too fast and short.
The biggest frustration I have with this course is that the examples worked through in the class don't exactly correlate with the assignments we are given. I will understand the lectures for the most part but then end up completely lost during the assignments. I know the point of the course is to struggle and work through problems but the retention is difficult. I have had to seek help through outside resources because I don't feel like the course adequately prepares us for the assignments.
This course progresses in large steps. It probably gives a good overview over the topic, how to access web data, but the commands are very specific and it moves on very quickly to the next section without going into much depth. In that sense it is very different from the first two courses which taught the basics at length. It is still a very useful course. I feel like if I ever have to write a program to access web data I at least know what structures there are and which tools to look for.
contray to precedent two courses, this course was too difficult and unfamiliar. When I had taken other courses, I've been sure that I fully understand what I learned. However, in this course, access web data is completely different to what I learned at prerequisite lectures. It requires me to use unfamiliar library and functions, but explanation about them was not enough. Thus, even though I finished the lecture and passed all assignment, I'm not sure that I understand what i learned.
Most of the times I really didn't get a solution or an answer every time I did a question in the discussion section. Most of the times the teaching staff answer me with another question or a vague answer. I know that the strategy behind that tipes of answers is to encourage the students to thinks by themselves. But in some cases, it seems very excessive. In any physical class, the teacher will be happy and predisposed to answer and give you a solution to your problem.
The courses 1 and 2 have been excellent. But in this third it seems it pass from a beginner to a super level. The first week was acceptable but after that it's more and more difficult.  The explanations are lacking and I feel I really didn't undernstand the majority of content. Fortunely I finished the course because I'm taking other courses about this issue. I really love the teacher, but I don't know what happened in this course, I don't recommend it.
In the previous courses all the assignments could be completed just through making a code with the parts that were explained in the videos, but it's slightly another thing in this one. In the second assignment there were included such things as SSL and one cannot make the task right without adding SSL in the code (SSL weren't among the course topics).Nevertheless, the API part is the only one which I had troubles with, other ones are great as usual.
All in all, I liked the class. I would like to learn about this topic and the database access using Python, and I still think this is a very good beginning. I like the enthusiasm of the instructor, but I think he short sells many of the things he is teaching. I would also suggest providing more challenging assignments, for instance, as optional ones. These may be such that they require reading the referred text in addition to watching the videos.
I would have rated 5 stars but, in my point of view I think this course is just beyond the limits for a beginner. Some facts were quite hard to understand and some codes were too hard to catch upon. Overall, the course I think is not that great for a beginner, as the name of the course'Python For Everybody, everyone should be able to understand the facts.  But, It's always a pleasure getting into a course like this and learn something new.
This was a large jump from courses 1 and 2 in the specialization.  This course is not self-contained and there are really two tracks to get through it.  The first involves tweaking existing code but not necessarily understanding everything (which is actually fine), the second is doing lots of research online (also fine - it's ok if a course facilitates learning rather than teaching everything but not sure it's at an 'everybody' level).
I have rated the two previous python courses with five stars. What changed now is that I have realized that I didn't have enough practice all along. I really wish they added practices which are not mandatory but still fully supported by the auto-grader. I really don't think this is too much to ask for, considering I am paying  $50 per month. Otherwise: good lessons, challenging practices, and great support from the course forum.
Although I finished this course, I do not think I can directly apply what I learned to solve real world problems. It seems like I have to watch some more YouTube videos teaching web scrapping. It is surely always good to know the background knowlege behind things, say how web standards are set up, but solving real problems is the gist. I am pessimistic about how this course will help me achieve that after I finish the course.
The web services portion of the Python for Everybody specialization seems out of place; an introduction to an introductory course in web scraping.  It was somewhat informative.  However, I was more interested in developing basic Python programming skills (e.g. writing functions, classes, decorators, etc) to solve problems.  Parsing data from websites did not interest me.  Happy to finish.
This course was good but still slightly disappointing. I feel that the teacher should've more thoroughly explained a couple of the topics on the course, including hyperlinks, anchor tags, and how the material in the course connects with the real internet. Additionally, the homework assignments were a little too hard and introduced topics that were not thoroughly covered in the videos.
It was good as an overview course for someone who already knows a lot about the web. However, a beginner can have difficulties coping up with the course because many topics are simply bombarded on you and they are fairly technical. This is the reason why you should not take this course if you do not see yourself using the information from this course anytime in the future.
The course was a bit too shallow for me, the techniques shown are very basic examples of what can be learnt using stock python libraries (json, socket, urllib, ElementTree) or external (BeautifulSoup).I really expected something more, for instance authentication techniques, or methods to parse complex websites, rather or in addition to the basics shown here.
The course is solid, and give a great down and dirty, fast paced understanding of the subject matter. My only con is your REALLY need to pay attention to every aspect of the codes otherwise you will miss key information necessary to make the assignments doable instead of hair pulling frustrations.  However once you find that everything falls into place.
I left some of the concepts were too fast, As the course says it is for beginner he should have went bit slow and stressed some important programs and I didn't understand when he suddenly jumped on topic to topic to fast, whenever he teaches a topic he wants to give two three examples and then go to new, but he was fast and he was in a hurry
The Assignments were not challenging at all they did not make me think much and also the course material was not in more in detail especially the material for Week 6 where I expected to learn more about REST Architecture but I wasn't much emphasized and also the part where BeautifulSoup was explained could have gone in more detail.
Dr. Chuck is great, and I love his lectures. My only issue is the assignments were very challenging (for me, at least), and there is zero help to guide you. No prompts, no nothing. I find it completely crushes motivation when moving nicely through the course. The final assignment of this course took me all day, using external help.
The course did give me the the theoretical and syntactical basics in terms of how web programming is done using python. Chuck Severance is brilliant in his ability to explain complex concepts by reasoning via analogy. It would have helped if the problem sets were more challenging and in tune with real world applications.
The quality of the documentation for this course dropped off compared to the first two classes. The problems are complex enough for first time programmers that it can be difficult to follow. Reviewing the discussion forums is barely helpful because the salient details get redacted to the point of being unhelpful.
This course had way too many explanatory gaps around encoding and decoding - yes, I understand what they are, but not when to introduce them into the program and not always how to call them - and around parsing XML. I ultimately could not get the library recommended to work at all and used an alternate library.
Not as informative as the previous 2 courses in this specialization. The instructor had to skim lightly over a few code chunks, not deep enough of a dive. It's a good introductory course to accessing web data, but left the impression that there's a lot more to be learnt if one wants to specialize in this area.
This course is good for those people who has never program in Python.  But for experience people there is nothing new in this course. I would really appreciate if1)  the target audience is mentioned in a course it would be really helpful2)  what a person would achieve after completion of a course .
Course could have been excellent if the TA(s) actually helped as opposed to telling you to redo what has already been done. Repeating the same thing over and over again is a crappy teacher. Finding a new way to inspire, encourage and give direction is the hallmark of a teacher (assistant or not).
Honestly writting, the explaination by tutor in this course was a little difficult to understand and i will rate 1.5 or maximum 2 on that basis. i refered Youtube for few content . Explaination can be bit more easy to understand. Else the length of course is good and course is interesting though.
It's not bad -- the lectures are good -- but the programming exercises are quite easy. Often you only need to change one or two lines from some provided example code. Code reuse and not reinventing the wheel is a great idea in the real world, but in a class, things could be made more challenging.
Interesting. However, a little bit long for the little content. The code doesn't seem very elaborated nor pythonic and as if it were done in a hurry.  The assignments do not ask you to program, but just to do minor changes to the code. Assignments have realistic expected times for completion.
This was the worst U of MI class in the specialization. The videos are outdated or made for Python 2.x not 3.x. The lectures also do not give you all the skills needed to do the  assignments. It would be ok if the assignment was to spend hours researching how to do something, but it was not.
the first two courses were really good but this course require some real skills and intrest of programming many times i got struck in between and it was tough to find a way out but finally  it took me 15 days to complete the course as compare to first two which took me around a week
Not as good as the first two courses. The regular expressions section was great but the rest of the sections had assignments that were bad. I'm talking wrong starter code was posted, or just really easy assignments that required changing one line. Don't pay for this course.
Very Short Explanation on concepts ...I was unable to completely understand and write code on my own especially working with Urls and how to fetch data in my code on my own.So I felt this course little tricky to understand may be from my side or It was too short and fast.
Compared to the earlier courses, I had a lot of difficulty in this one. I had to research for more additional content to understand the lesson. Especially for weeks 5 and 6. The provided material is not self-contained. You have to double the effort to finish this one.
I guess for the assignments, it might be easier if the course take a step-by-step approach, so the students start coding very easy programs to access the data on web from scratch, and then the code evolves into something very complex in the final course, the capstone.
While the first two courses were very linear and easy to follow, this course seemed out of step and like a mesh of information. On many of the homework problems I didn't feel capable of answering the question. I will need to go through and read more about this stuff.
A decent course but could be better refined with more lectures explaining the topics in more detail. I really wish I didn't have to go searching for various tidbits of code when doing the assignments but I was forced to due to a lack of content in the lectures.
I expected a lot, seeing the first two courses in this specialization, but to my disappointment, this course didn't meet my expectations. Topics aren't explained that well, they are thrown randomly. Assignments are about making a small change in example code.
I feel the course must be dealt with more details. Even though it is trying to just give an insight into the topics, it would have been better if it was discussed further. However, Dr. Chuck always creates that aura to make me listen to his lectures. Thanks
Some of the content is difficult and seems not useful. And also there are some places lacking essential explanations. The quiz of Week 6 is not so related to the lecture. Overall, this course is not so good as the previous one 'Python Data Structures'.
Pretty good intro into accessing web data. Should be updated to use python 3 in my opinion since this is for new python users. Most of the course is useless to me because python 2 and python 3 are very different with beautiful soup and this and that.
Nice but quite simple. And I missed the teaching of good pythonic programming style (something that is more than just script step by step but encapsulate functionality in functions, use advanced programming techniques, test your code and so on).
From chapter 12 on wards in the textbook, I think that there should be more in depth explanations into the functioning of the specific tools being used to parse html (urllib and beautifulsoup) and those for working with XML and JSON.
Started off this specialty with two thorough classes. The content has gotten more complex, but the explanations aren't keeping up. Spending much more time on assignments now, having to re-do things over and over is frustrating...
I've done the first two courses of this specialization and found them easy and funny, This third part was confusing me and out of my confort zone. I finished the course but I probably need to come back again on this arguments.
I still love the Professor but the examples given were way beyond my skills (and interest). Too much xml and not enough json. I believe json would have been more useful (for me at least). But he is still the best professor!
Another good course in the Python Specialisation!  You'll need to have a thorough grounding in dictionaries and lists for this module, so make sure you're across the concepts and syntax of those data structures :)
It's better to introduce algorithms instead if access web data. Algorithms are basics for everyone who is learning programming, but some specific direction like web develop is for people who interested in it.
This part of the course was tough, maybe a bit more guidance in the videos to get the assignments slightly more aligned, as it seemed there was alot of extra stuff in the assignments and they were quite tough
The course sped through the coding portions while spending a lot of time on the theoretical side of how the Internet works. Overall a very helpful overview, but I would have liked to spend more time coding.
The lectures are truly awesome, but It would be better if they are more informative. Some of the things in code about web-servicing, XML and JSON parsing in python are unexplained at least not deep enough.
The XML/JSON part was too steep, for begginer level XML to Dictionary parsing is complex, and we should go more thoroughly for lines of code, not enough info to grasp the concepts for task completion.
The course is explained very well but I feel there should be more examples with solutions to verify. I also felt it went a little faster as compared to the previous two courses in this Specialization.
Its hard to capture all this stuff in a few tutorials. Would be better if you give the newbies some more examples in pictures or so on. But all in all still a good and very interesting cheapter/part.
Good course. However it would be nice if the hints in the assignments were more clear. Last assignment had an error and it was not clarified in the description so the users had to seek help on forum.
This course was a little difficult to understand than the first 2 courses. I passed the course, but I felt that I haven't got a good grasp of concepts. XML & JSON were really difficult to understand
This course didn't go into as much detail as I would've liked. While it did give a respectable foundation, I'll have to go and study more on this topic to fully grasp the concepts that were taught.
This is still a great course but I was missing a bit more explanations for the last 2 chapters as I spent a lot of time doing the assignments and had to check many times the forums for the answers.
It Isn't A Brief Course Just A Glance And Some Basic About XML, JSON And APIYou Have To Go Through References And Documentation For Better UnderstandingOverall A Good Course With Useful Knowledge.
A very difficult course. Dr. Chuck tried to cover a wide range of topics in a single course which made it really difficult. Instead, focus on single thing to a wider extent should have been done.
Teaching was still good, but this content was less relevant to the task at hand. However, now I know more about data handling and communication  ... - which might will come in handy some day?...
The material covered is more complex than the previous courses yet there is much less explanation given. It's still perfectly doable but one ends up feeling like you are missing something.
I am a beginner and the course is intended for beginners. Of course, I would ask questions that would seem awkward for experienced programmers; The teaching staff could be more polite.
Too much of it at the end was not explained properly. I would have liked more understanding of API's than this. Up to XML, the course was 5/5, but then it kind of went into a summary.
course is informative .but i think few topics need more time and more precise information . graded assignments should also be increased for better programming.else the course is good.
This time it was not explained as much as in previous we were, but ya it was difficult but I was made that much understood to do my assignments and quiz to be submitted in time.
The material is well explained, but there is not much of it... It is very very basic... The tasks, being extremely easy, don't really bring you further in understanding either.
It is find, but I think it is completely out of python enviroment.  So in this specific course you dont learn python, because basically they give you all the python code.
I needed some help with one assignment (which had completely arcane problem statement). Assistance was nowhere to be found. The teaching assistants are terrible and rude.
Pretty good. guess the vast topic was shrunk to limited time hence cannot say this was the best class.
However, it gives a basic understanding of API and how it works.
The instructor was a little fast, although i enjoyed doing the programs.....this was a very interesting course, as it also taught us some real world applications too
This was not the best of the courses I have taken so far.  Several topics were covered pretty superficially and it probably could have been broken into 2 courses.
The coding parts are sometime just changing one line of a given code. And sometimes you had to solve the problem by yourself. Could be more hands on programming.
Seemed rushed, concepts not explained fully. videos are too formal, professor not funny and less relaxed than during the first two modules of this specialization
It's a kind of intellectual course and i think rather than covering so many concepts few concepts with complete clarity would have been a better way of teaching
it wont tell anything about creating APIs atleast should what extra is required or from where we can learn or give a quick look what it takes to creat one
It was more difficult then previous course. As for me, it will be better to have more detailed explanation, because I think it was very fluent. Thank you!
This is  a nice slow introduction to python web programming for those who have no experience or prior knowledge.  Otherwise it is not at all challenging.
Multiple page scrapping is not taught also how to store the scrapped data(particularly image data or text data) into csv or xlms file is not shown.
I expect harder/rigorous and more number of assignments. 1-2 assignments are not enough to master anything. Other than that it's good intro course.
Not as good as precedent ones, kind of difficult to understand for people who really start at zero, maybe it should be more precise and contextual
It's too easy. I'd have enjoyed more challenching exercises about RESTful APIs, we have not seen any HTTP mehotd a part of GET and that's a shame.
Thank you Dr.Chuck for the good course but I recommend more explanation for JSON and XML which I faced a little hard to handle and understand.
No clear cut , detailed explanation  you would not know 100% how the program works you have to copy and paste some part of program blindly
Excellent course for gaining some basics in accessing web data with python. Sometimes I wish there were more deeper explanations provided.
Course is good but the assignment are too basic. I would appreciate if there could be tougher assignments may be not included in rating.
sir charles just taught us very basic.Most of which you need to study urself.One thing he made me believe that its just simple and easy
wish it had more examples and more things to solve ... although Dr Chuck is awsome , the staff and mentors are prompt in their reply..
A very good overview but just that an overview. I wish it would have been more involved in order to get a more thorough understanding
It was a good course . Instructor was good enough but i think it was a pretty introductory course on using python to access web data.
Wey easy for the person with some python experience but the best part is that takes only hours to complete all assignments and quizes
Wasn't detailed and couldn't follow where it was heading at..Instructor just covers a part of it and it pretty much feels useless ..
As most of Severance's courses on Coursera, there is no real challenge or learning curve, these are simply very light introductions.
I learned a few new things on this course. It's not so much about the Python language as about the things you can do with it on-line
Meaning of a lot of things was not explained properly and more of mugging up stuff was taught but in overall i enjoyed the course,
I feel the course was introduced much earlier than was needed. We could have learnt much simpler stuffs such as Numpy and Tkinter.
its a good course .However i found it difficult since it requires you to understand how the internet and internet application work
This course could have been more detailed and less paced. Students are not given enough time and practice to grasp new concepts.
The background knowledge for some of the assignments was not properly covered in the lectures. Had to rely heavily on the forum.
too thorough in the last 2 courses, hope more detail taught. Thanks Dr.chuck for providing this course, he deserves Gryffindor ！
The worked examples need more explanation. The first example of google API is not even updated because it doesn't work anymore,
Assignments are very easy, and there aren't easy to follow notes that one can use instead of always having to watch the videos.
I didn't like thie explanations given with this one. I simply copied and edited the code syntax to get through the assignments
too many lectures in single week , very difficult to freshly learn so many things at once and apply them in the assignments.
I think maybe Professor Charles wants to squish too many things into this course and it really make it not easy to follow.
It's been difficult for those who are not from a computer background. More basic lectures should be added for json,xlm
It's a good course with good instructor , but the part of web service and API need more clarification for beginners .
in this part we are not taught deep information about web accessing model so this part is a kind of tough and messy
Some of the assignments are a far stretch from what is in the chapter.  the content is fine and fun to go through.
instructions and teaching were all over the place, key details were missed out and i have to do assignment on it
Good course, but I might have used a little more rigor and material, maybe more exercises would have been nice.
Too much content squeezed in. Covered up material too fast. For beginners in networking, it is very difficult.
More material, or coverage of the existing material with more library coverage would have improved the course.
Overall good. Sometimes feel information is not very sufficient and does not explain clearly in some details
was fun in the beginening but i had problems compiling my programs as json library didnt worked in my IDLE
i think this course is too high after completing the data structures.....it completely blown off my mind.
I just byhearted this course.I didn't fully understand which part in the code executes which function.
It's not as difficult as I expected. The course is good for beginners but I think it could go deeper.
sockets and regular expressions were not explained very well. Detailed explanations would have helped
Still very good! But probably due to the wide subject the concepts are not explained clearly enough.
This was harder than the past two, lost my rhythm a bit too and I don't feel as confident with this.
my knowledge about the internet things is little poor thats why my gric will be lose in this portion
A lot about offtopic. Lack of details about python related stuff within socket and web parsing stuff
Not clear examples in the videos. Tests are way different than what the Prof. covers in the videos.
URLs provided sometimes doesn't show results in urllib.request. Else, things were fine and clear.
Was unnecessarily complex in week 4, 5, 6 trying to gather web based data for the assignments
It was not so interesting/useful as the other Python courses included in the Specialization
good course but it was like skimming over the ocean. Wanted a little bit deep information.
the theme of this course is complex and need knowledge in HTTP and Internet architecture.
the content was complicated bt the slides problem or slide content was not that detailed
It was very quick when it came to APIs made it hard for me to grasp the topics properly.
It is good course, but I would like it to be in the more material and details of Python.
delivery of information is very poor, yet all the respect and appreciation for Dr.Chuck
The course would be more useful if the content of the videos was explained thoroughly.
Too difficult for beginners or people with minimum programming knowledge like myself.
Great experience. Little bit difficult to understand. Requires more focus and time.
Digs deep into web architectures and web scraping but perhaps a bit too fast-paced.
I little confusing it's better to use more real time examples and practice problems
This Course was quite hard for me and took much time than desired to be completed
There are many details don't explain clearly enough for a beginner to understand.
The course is helpful.But there are not many practice exercises. It's quite easy.
Somehow abstract and difficult without a previous knowledge about html and APIs
i liked it, 90% of code in assignments is provided by the teacher which sucks
Too much unnecessary videos. Content of lectures is poor. Tests are too easy.
Overall good course.  First two courses in the specialization were stronger.
Need to add more examples and contents for this class. Homework is so easy
The course was not that clear should have taught more in detail thank you
Hard for people without a coding background to understand all the terms
a little bit too easy for person who had basic knowledgement of python
it was a good course , but a little difficult than two other courses.
Great ideas to improve the technical knowledges to scrapping web data
It was a tough part you should explain slowly rest was really good.
explanation of libraries usage is less informative as it should be
too basic,you need read more online resources to do real projects.
Lectures were entertaining, but the assignments were way too easy.
Maybe it's great for beginner, but  the assignment is too easy .
It was a fun but some of the assignments required deep thinking.
very very basic course looking forward to advance version of it.
I do not think some quiz questions are covered in the lectures.
Dr. Chuck is an such amazing person that I ever saw in my life
The teacher appeared to be kind of bored in different lessons.
nice course ,if u r a beginner in using python with web data
I'm not that clear with the concepts but the course is good.
Explanation of sockets in a more detailed way would be nice
Assignment Doings felt not that good as the courses before.
Nice but i don't understand API program. Not well defined.
It's a struggle to deal with the new assignment structure
Great course but need to be updated to Python 3.x rules
very difficult course requires basics on API's and all
The Xml topic and Jason Topic Should be more detailed
More exposure is required for the first time learners
Not challenging enough. Can hack bad code and pass.
I think it needs more explaining and more lectures
Find myself copying code with low understanding ..
the course could'v been more descriptive nature.
too hard for students who know nothing about web
Nice course, with very introductory information.
The course material and assignment is too easy.
Concepts are very deep and mostly not required
Not intensive enough and not enough excersices
Wish there was more review before assignments
The last assignment reference is incorrect.
There should be more programing exercises.
the read materials are better than video
Difficult to understand the assignments
need  to add more detailed explanation
Too easy, no need to think for myslef.
Its informative and easy for beginners
I found it very difficult and messy!
not as clear as the previous courses
It was somewhat difficult to follow
the assignments are bit difficult
Dr .chuck  this time i got bored
The description is not detailed.
Too hard for the beginner......
toughest  of all , very tough
many things were superficial
Hope to have more exercises
it was hard to understand
Ehlogsoffluffinthecourse
too hard for a beginner
it's hard to understand
more content is needed.
hard to understand
It is difficult.
little bit tough
Very complicated
little bit hard
It seem easy.
Great material, but it feels a bit rushed, covering as many topics as it does, in such a short amount of time.
Great course for introduction to parse Web Data. However, google map and twitter API seems to be changed a lot, so those examples won't work any more. It took me a few days to figure that out and felt a bit stressful. Hope re-recording take place soon so that many other students would not stuck there.
This course is very good except the API part. I think they must upgrade this part and elaborate this concept.
This is the third of 5 courses in Python 2.7, so the full 5 courses are 
excellent for a Beginner to become a solid Intermediate, this Web Access
 course alone should only be taken by those with some Python programming
 experience (like the prior 2 beginning courses on programming and data 
structures in Python).

I did the course using Python 3.5, from Anaconda, after starting the 
more challenging MIT 6.00 courses (2 of them), which use 3.5 but are 
faster paced yet with more challenging problems. [Some issues switching 
from 2.7 to 3.5 -- there now is a revised Open Source book using py3x]

Dr. Chuck's course offers true high quality learning but allowing me to 
work my 40 hrs /week and do the course, altho it took me two sessions to
 finish. 

Now fully completed after switching to the next later session. 

NOTE - these MOOCs allow one to switch to the next session when one 
falls behind; this is better for getting TA help in the forums when 
there is a problem.

Thanks! (above is same as Class Central, below is new)  How could it be improved?  By having for each required assignment a similar but more difficult optional assignment, which can be further discussed in the forums.  I'd expect that switching auto-grade assignments & sample code to be py3.5, especially the print() change, would be fairly easy and allow students to choose which version to do the assignment it.
I really appreciate all of Dr. Chuck's lectures and courses. On this one though, I missed the 'picture in picture' feature of the slides- in courses 1 & 2 the slide content was always visible (with Dr. Chuck lecturing in a split screen), but in this course the content is interlaced with the video of Dr. Chuck, and it makes it harder to see what's going on with the code and his annotations when it's flipping back and forth between his face and what he's doing. I didn't know how much I appreciated that slide format until it was gone! I also prefer the long (40min/lecture) format, as opposed to all these short units as separate video things-- it made it much harder to go back and find/rewatch something because I couldnt remember what short segment the topic was covered in, as opposed to just searching a giant transcript. Also (maybe this is just me?) the links to navigate within the course aren't there (just below the floating 'coursera' header), so I had to constantly go to the home page and re-find my place after submitting assignments- extra aggravating with the increased number of shorter videos. But, I felt content is 5/5 as always- just didn't like the new presentation format. I write this only as feedback, not a complaint, I'm truly very grateful and pleased with the courses.
Some of the instructions for the assignments were vague.  For example, I spent entirely too much time trying to use regular expressions with the first Beautiful Soup assignment.  I eventually found a staff post in the discussion forum saying not to use regular expressions, but that information would have been very helpful in the assignment's instructions, especially given that substantial video lecture time was spent on regular expressions.  Also, I think the time estimates for assignment completion were unrealistic (and unnecessary) in this course.  In the first two courses of the Python for Everybody specialization, I finished all of the lectures and assignments much quicker than the estimated time.  In this course, it took me much longer than the estimated time.  On the whole, though, I'm very pleased with the course.  I learned far more effectively than I would have by just reading a book on Python.
Once again, another excellent course from Dr. Chuck. However, the Coursera format has changed from that of the previous two courses and the submission of quizzes and assignments are now locked; they don't show progress or get marked as completed unless you purchase the certification. So, if you're auditing the course, don't bother with the quizzes and don't expect the course to show your progress (mine still says I'm on week one) or be marked as completed in your profile even though you've watched all the videos and submitted the assignments.Dr. Chuck, I understand that University of Michigan has to find a way to monetize these courses. However, since the previous courses used auto graders, and this course seems to as well, I'd like to request that the quiz and assignment features be unlocked so auditors can see course progress and completion like the previous two courses.
Now we're cooking with gas. This is course three of five in the University of Michigan's Python for Everybody series and things start to become real.  Where Course 1 was very action/reaction in learning Python's basics, Course 2 was more abstract (and the weakest of the three so far), Course 3 builds on the other two and you get to taste Python's real world potential.  Granted, this is all an introduction series and nobody is walking away from these courses into a full time developer position - but you do begin feel functionally dangerous (in a good way).  The biggest takeaway from the course is giving you that taste of what is possible.  We don't know how to do it yet (and the course isn't going to go beyond the intro depth) but after this third course you're likely getting smitten by Python and know you want to avidly take your learning beyond this series.
This course, unlike the previous ones, seemed a little boring, to be honest, but maybe that's because this is the very first time I was introduced to many topics (even though I'm a current computer science student) that were taught in this course. Another thing is that it was more about using the codes that are already given and modify them to get the desired output. Because of that, I'm still not sure whether I have to learn or memorize all of the lines written in a particular file or I'd be well of just by knowing what line of code is doing what and by being able to modify and use them to get the work done. Google Maps and Twitter API is also shown in this course, so hopefully in the future when I will be I need to use them, I'll rewatch the videos and follow up with the sample code. Overall, it was a good experience.
Overall another good course. It was perhaps not as complete at the end earlier on in the course. The last section on APIs was sometime confusing or at least glossed over some programming constructs. However, Chuck Severance has a difficult balancing act to perform. On the one hand he has tried very had to make Python programming accessible to new-coders while at the same time providing a useful and usable introduction to some very powerful concepts and methods. Overall I think he is doing an outstanding job and provides a very good basis to build on. As a bonus, I  think the interviews with the computer science & internet tech luminaries are outstanding! Great to hear directly from folks who contributed so much to the development of the field.
The difficulty in this course was highly pumped up comparing the previous two courses, the balancing wheels were taken off and the learner is subtlety led into the direction of reading documentation of modules or google them to get a detailed understanding of them.though i struggled a bit through the XML assignment i can mostly understand the courses approach as to why worked assignments are not the answer to every problem, unless we struggle a bit to solve the assignments, in my opinion it wont stick with you.to get a quick gist of xml and json this course is on point but if you're looking to get in-depth knowledge i would recommend taking some more elaborative courses in these technologies, overall it was sufficient.
I moved to the US a couple years ago and started my career from scratch in completely different sphere - Quality Assurance. I never supposed myself to be a technical person and felt uncomfortable with IT things. I have in my head the combination of tech terms and tools mixed up with huge gaps, this course helped me to systematize my knowledge and feel more confident and engaged with what I am doing. I completed 3/4 sessions and would rate the first two 5 stars, and probably give a little bit less, 4 stars, to the third one, only because sometimes I had to find on the Internet additional materials which were not covered by lecture and course materials to complete my assignments.
Dr. Chuck is great! I've been his fan for years! The assignments are rigid. Here is my only concern:Why do I have to use the libraries that are recommended by Dr. Chuck. Can't I chose my own? I encountered some problems with 'urllib' module. I wanted to complete this course in a few days. I could complete all my assignments without having to install urllib, but for the last assignment, the assignment did not accept a solution I came up with 'requests' module. I had to crack my head open to fix the issues with that library, then submit the assignment. It was totally unnecessary. In real world scenarios, I've always used 'requests'. I've only used 'urllib' once or may be twice.
Overall, this is a good course for a person new to Python programming like me. The stuff is broken down into simpler terms and is explained properly. The thing that I expected was to include all the data structures that we learned in 1st and 2nd courses to be applied, and slowly build up the difficulty level. The initial part till the XML was good, and the difficulty level was increasing. Then suddenly, more theory about Json and API got occupied, and less about data structure manipulation. Besides, I skipped all the bonus lectures, and for a person who's truly interested to solve Python, that's totally unnecessary. Keep only the required videos and remove the rest, please.
There were so many new libraries and concepts introduced in the last two chapters. It became a little bit confusing and overwhelming. Yes, a huge part of coding is picking up new tools on the spot, but it would be great to understand the fundamental theories behind how some of these libraries and concepts work at least once before being plunged into that reality! Also, I think that being overwhelmed could cause a lot of students to simply quit before they have really understood how the resources out there (documentation, etc.) could help them. Also, as the students start have to read multiple docs, etc. the time expectations per week should be increased.
great energy and great class. 1. nice assignment website, but it could use a bit file up-load and nosetest to held automate grading.  2. I wish they have more web robot, crawling, interesting problem examples.3. peer review would be nice, so a better read-able pythonic programming style can be nurtured.4. wondering if the course grading website can be done in ipython notebook. 4. I guess the instructor mention using RESTful, it could be also nice to have an assignment or     project to make a REST server with some database(sql-ed or sql-less).     After all there a are lot of big data out there to be accessed and processed.
Great course that gets you to the point where you can start to do interesting things with computers in the context of the web in the MINIMUM amount of time possible.  This focus on keeping the time commitment required to reach an interesting place down to a minimum is great because it enhances the  chances of course completion. The flip side is you will need to do more on your own to reach "industrial strength" knowledge.  (A great compromise in my view)The course could be improved by providing a few more recommendations of high quality learning resources for going deeper (later) in each topic
An extremely well-structured and useful course. As someone who had only syntactical familiarity with Python, this course taught me a great deal about the ease and power of the language. Moreover, the technical knowledge included (APIs, RegEx, etc) is highly relevant and practical.Given that it's part of an introductory series, the difficulty level of the assignments is understandable. But providing some more rigorous optional assignments can be a welcome addition to the course.That being said, I would recommend it to anyone looking to explore Python and the power it grants with its simplicity.
Using Python to Access Web Data is a good and short course, but do not expect to go deep, as it is a part of the Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python), and not an advanced course on programming. It is an excellent course for getting a taste of using Python to access data on the web.The course only lacks more live coding with more difficult examples, so the student could see a real programmer line of thought.I've used Python 3, the examples are not hard to port to Python 3, and if you are stuck trying to use Python try you can ask for help in the Python community.
Very good introduction to how to scrape the web and how data is transferred on the web. Dr. Severance is an excellent instructor.That said, I can't give this course a 5/5 because it still uses the urllib.request module to make 'Get' requests, when the 'requests' module is far simpler and possibly faster. I appreciated learning how to access data using the 'socket' module because it seems to give a more nuanced understanding of what's going on when you send a 'get' request, but I don't see any reason not to use requests.get() instead of urllib.request.urlopen().
I find the target of the course, to use Python to access web data, extremely useful. Been always wondered how to do it, and now at the end of the course, I've made myself familiar with these techniques. The only reason I didn't give it a 5-star is I feel like it can made more focused by giving a lot more practice and examples about what we will actually use, and maybe forget about scratching the surface when mentioning the lower level of http. I find it sort of frustrating just copy and past some lines of codes from the lecture and didn't really know it is.
I think the course has some room for improvement, e.g. the quiz questions eps. in the first couple of weeks didn't exactly seem to fit with the content of the videos - this was different in previous courses. If additional reading of the textbook materials was required, it should have been explicitly mentioned. Also, their are some hickups with the disconnect between the content of the videos and the actual state of the google and twitter API, but I think for the assignements it was nicely solved, so no issue there. Overall very content with the course.
Very instructive and interesting. Was able to understand the basic of Web Data and will be able to easily get deeper into it if I wish so after having a solid basic knowledge.I do, however, have a couple of constrcutive comments:1st - Is it possible to release a couple of commented alternative solutions to the graded assignments to those who have already passed it? This would help us students to learn even more.2nd- Please keep the Quiz questions solely to contents discussed on the video lectures. (some questions were not discussed in the videos)
Sadly in comparison with the first two courses of this specialization in 'Using Python to Access Web Data' the difficulty increases exponentially. For me it was definitely harder to keep the pace with all the infos. Instead of the office hours and the interviews to VIPs and other relevant people to the field I'd like to see more worked exercises. Also, after May 25 2018 both Google and Twitter changed their policies about the retrieval of data. So it was impossible to follow the instuctions step by step on how to build an API in Twitter.
I loved this course, however, there is some room for improvement:(a) Putting code side-by-side with video of Dr Chuck (like it was done in previous lectures) would be better.
(b) Make the end-of-week assignments more challenging.  I felt that the quizzes were good, but, the coding assignments were too easy and the solution was practically spoon fed.
Other than that, the course was really good.  Dr Chuck is a natural in front of the camera.  I also really enjoyed some of the more complex code samples presented during the lectures.
Great coverage of the material, however some of the sample scripts were nearly complete and required little, if any, modification to complete the assignment. They clearly tried to find the balance between providing challenging exercises and providing working packages of scripts so that students can accomplish more complicated tasks using additional tools that are, on their own, beyond the scope of the project. I just think they could have provided a bit less to make some of the later exercises a bit more challenging.
I found this course to be a lot harder than the previous 2 (which is not an issue per se). I feel like I understand a much smaller proportion of the content than the other courses and I am having to copy a lot of code without truly understanding what they achieve (I merely know that I must for the code to function properly).  The last task in particular didn't even require me to change any of the code from 'you will write a python program somewhat similar to... '. Was I supposed to write all of that from scratch?
This course is like a new territory compared to the two courses before. The first course is simple and easy. the second course is a little bit confusing. This course is very very confusing(the teaching is good, but the knowledge is very new to me). But being confusing is not bad, I've learned many new things from this course and the confusion i got from this course encourages me to go back to review this course and previous course before jumping into the next course and get more confused. Good course!
The course was good. I got to learn so much things, though it was introductory and just basic in nature but it gave me an idea that what I can do next. I learnt Regex, parsing data using XML and JSON and Beautiful Soup. I think that there needs to be a little more depth to these topics. Though it was overall a good experience my suggestion would be to include a project at last that requires to do a real world problem solving where the students can apply their knowledge on each of the skills learnt.
This course got very technical very suddenly which was really fun! From normal python to regular expression python, to surfing the web with python (by suddenly writing a web browser) and then suddenly using python to leverage on APIs. Each chapter is a really fun quantum leap in understanding!However, I felt that the lectures could be better delivered for that chapter (less wordy, chunky notes, more examples) because it's really a whole new world each time.Really worth the time and effort though!
The twitter api chapters confused me a lot during the later stages. But i think the assignments and quizzes are very very well thought for such a complex set of topics otherwise students just get lost and get stuck at some assignments and quit altogether! 1 star deducted because i thought Dr. Chuck could have explained the worked twitter api assignment in a better way as he got stuck in some places and it confused me lot at that moment! However the exercise made things very clear so over happy!
Nice course, you get an introduction to using python to access different types of widely used formats of web data. I liked that, apart from showing how to "get the stuff done" with Python, the course also explores a bit of the history of each of the tyeps explored and tries to "scratch the surface" about how each of them works.On the down side: I think the code already provided for each assignment is too much. One ends up not writing his/her own code, if not for a couple of additional lines.
Professor Chuck could have reviewed the more difficult concepts in greater detail or by providing more worked examples. For example, in the quiz for Week 6, the concepts of REST and SOAP were not covered in the presentation slides but were tested in the quiz. In the HTML week, I found the assignments hard because of inadequate knowledge of the various tags which exist in html code. This is a challenging course but not impossible to learn. More resources would be greatly appreciated, though.
The course deals with how to get data off a website. Basically helps in  parsing different types of data in the JSON and XML . Its a little difficult for those first timers but eventually you will get to know some of the stuff . It would have helped if it would have been a little easier. The Instructor is great and let me go ahead and tell you that he is one of the best,  but some concepts in this course were pretty difficult for me to understand. You have to work a bit to get hold of it.
A well thought out course which goes above and beyond just teaching you how to code python. You get to hear from some of the pioneers, shapers, and creators of network related technologies on how they were able to do the things they have done and how what they did changed the course of the technology. Pretty cool. Tip: Avoid using an IDE if you want remember what you learn better. The chances of something blowing up in your face is more but because of it you will remember better.
This course is well-developed and well-delivered. If one is a complete novice, start at the beginning of this specialty on one's own schedule (on demand at the speed of light) and at an affordable price ($0) and be confident of significant advances in one's knowledge of internet function, in general, and Python, in particular. It is a brave new world. I often feel like Wylie Coyote staring through my toes. Suddenly realizing things have changed. This course fixes that feeling.
I really enjoyed this course and found that I am feeling more confident with my skills from the previous two. However, as a point of improvement I would suggest making the final module a bit more challenging. Perhaps this was intentional but, although the final module introduces JSON well, I don't feel as though my skills improved while doing it. (Then again, the counter argument could be that it is good practice and repetition before moving on to anything too much harder...)
This course is well structured. I really like how it introduces the high-level knowledge in the first 3 weeks and becomes more hands-on in the later of the class. My only complaint is some of the materials are out-dated. For example, lots of the tasks can be handled by urllib3 but urllib and urllib2 are heavily along the course. urllib3 is not just a simply upgrade from urllib2, it has a lot more functions. And the "bonus materials" section is bit lame to be honest.
I am an Electrical Engineer with some experience in coding using MATLAB. I have completed the two courses in this specialization before this one.  A lot a material is covered and Dr Chuck has explained the important parts. Spending time on reading more material using the course syllabus as a guide would be very useful. Assignments in the middle of the course required plenty of time and effort, otherwise assignments are easy once you understand what is being asked.
This course was a good as the first two. Charles Severance is really a great instructor. As a total beginner in programming, this course was a bit harder for me than the first two ones, but through a lot of reading and tasks, you can easily follow the course. I rate this course with 4 stars because I would have liked to have a few more examples to explain and deepen the new content. But, to sum up - I can really recommend this course and want to say thank you!
This course covers a lot of ground at a pretty fast pace. It's not going to teach every aspect of the subjects covered--it couldn't possibly do so in the time--but it teaches enough to allow students to ask the right questions later.I would like to see more searching practical exercises to cement the learning. The existing assignments follow quite closely the worked examples which means those coding along with Dr chuck aren't going to have too much more to do.
This course is like, even if you are beginner you are brought to the advanced level learning materials easily. You wouldn't know that with such basic knowledge you can understand this course very well. You are honed with the skills with the excellent technologies and you will learn how to use it.Dr.Chuck and his team have done really a great job teaching stuff. They are absolutely great. His team is working hard to teach people stuff and correct their doubts.
Lecture videos were broken into small parts whereby it's easy to understand and digest. Assessment given were relevant to what was taught for each segment. Navigating around course contents were easy.But after i learned the course . it seems like a litter bit of difficult than previous two course. I commend that at the final of the course, the text should tend to more difficult so that people who learn this course can actually improve programming skill.
Course is great! Good explanations and perfect slides. However at week 6 professor had some difficulty explaining twitter API. It was hard to understand even for students with experience in python. Also want to mention that course is for explanation purposes and for beginners. You will learn a lot and it is still not enough to go and get a job in this field. So after completing this course, you should take more advanced courses and learn more!
This is a great course to get you started on using Python to access web data.  The course has lots of examples and Professor Severance breaks down the concepts into smaller components that are easy to learn.  It is highly recommended that students download the course material and review the code examples along with the presentations.  That pratical experience reinforced a deeper understanding that made the assignments much easier to complete.
An amazing course content!! This is a very enjoyable course about Python language programming. Dr Chuck explains each topic with clarity, which facilitate the comprehension of Python from the beginning. In my personal point of view, I would like to have a more deeply exploration in topics. It could give more tools to learn and complexity to each assignment. The book as supported material is a very good resource for consult through all course.
The course is great although a little bit simple or slow-paced. But since it is for beginners I think it is Ok the way it is. You will learn the foundations of accessing the Web Data, so it is a really great starting point. You will enjoy and you will want to learn even more!Dr. Chuck is a great teacher whom I would loved to have at class. He explains things quite clearly, in a funny way and he transmits passion in what he is teaching.
In the last two weeks things started getting a bit too complicated and Dr. Chuck didn't actually explain everything a learner would need to understand what is going on there... While doing the assignment, yes, I admit that I finished all of them, but BASED ON SAMPLE CODES without a full understanding of some non-trivial details. Therefore I am pretty sure without those sample codes I would not be able to finish the assignments.
I found that some parts of the course were confusing. You really have to take the time to read documentation to do the assignments, which was difficult with my busy schedule. (And just because you read the documentation doesn't mean that you understand the code!) Overall, I learned a lot and still recommend the course - just wish there was less background and more explanation of the actual codes that you can use while parsing.
These courses are great introductions to python functionality.  The workload is much more reasonable at 1-2 hours per week than many other Coursera courses that I have taken. My only recommendation is to show more current libraries and methods than those presented in the lectures.  Fundamentals are important to understanding concepts, but if there are newer and better ways of doing things, they should be presented as well.
Great course, very interesting, but I find this part of the program should be optional, since not all the people is interested in retrieveing data from the internet; besides, these are controlled practices. In the real world it's a little bit more tricky to obtain information from an API and extracting data from a website. Perhaps, this module should be in a different course of its own. That'd be quite interesting to see.
Another great course by Dr. Chuck. This one I think it started in a good way, but in the end it got a little  superficial. It looked like we've got to take those ready codes and just make some modifications - looking at the "logical" side, it may  be a good idea, but I missed some "code from the zero".Despite that, I would like to thank Dr. Chuck, the greatest educator I know.sorry for my bad English :) (or not hahaha)
Everything looks perfect but when it comes to xml,json and api, you need to explain it really in detail. That's a bunch of codes and you are explaining very less. I need to study it thoroughly with the help of internet. But, thanks to the instructor atleast he has exposed me to the hidden world of web. I can read it on internet after knowing these terms. Atleast now i have feel for these hidden world of web services.
A few parts are not explained clearly as the Lecture materials were going really deep. However, the assignment was not covered that much. Sometimes I just want to know more about that topic but I don't know how to. I know there's an E-book in py4e.com, but I think it will be better to put some non-compulsory materials in the related weeks. Just a little thought and thanks for making suck a good course.
It's a very practical course.  The course is in a good pace. The contents are broken into smaller pieces. Thank you Dr. Chunk for making Python+WebData easy and fun to learn.  One little thing I wish was the slides and code could be shown for a longer time, or constantly showing on the screen as the two earlier python course. Currently I had to pause the video couple times to digest the slides or code.
Pretty challenging course and it is really a harsh but precious experience to understand the key concepts, what the relationship between different syntaxs and the server is, and deal with the assignments. The only problem is that the gap between this course and the previous course is so large that I was even confused by huge amount of new terms and programs and did not know what to do at first.
We were provided with codes after week 5 in which we had to make changes. It made the assignment easy. I would have loved the course if the parts of code which were provided in last were explained properly instead of giving just a brief idea. For others who are opting this course i would advice them to search the net for the parts which were not explained in the video for better understanding
I love the short lecture videos, as well as the worked exercises one. They are very insightful. I also find it interesting that the professor takes time to explain other concepts like the HTTP protocol, xml, json and APIs. I just got a little frustrated about the amount of times we are just asked to copy and paste some sample code without understanding how it works (e.g. ssl, api keys).
This is a simple, practical course that will teach the basics of how to access web resources with python programs.The goal is not teaching you how to write nice programs, but just enable you to write something working to pull interesting data out of existing data sources like files and web services providing text, XML and JSON data.The videos also feature some interesting background.
Very good course for beginners. I liked the lectures, they were engaging and bonus videos are nice addition. Exercises were maybe too easy, but still for a beginners course just right. The only problem is there is less practical work than it should be, adding more exercises would be nice, and adding more difficult ones would help better grasp the material. That's why only 4 stars.
I was looking for a web scrapping kick off in python and come across this one of its own kind course. It is really a very good course not only focusing on practical and applied side but also giving a good start/refresher  of internet technology, making a good good background. Interviews of relevant major break throughers are also on spot. A highly recommended course for starters.
This course was very well set up, and easy for a person with a reasonable knowledge of Python basics to understand. I would have appreciated a little more in-depth assignments, or perhaps two-stage assignments that delved a little more deeply into JSON and XML use, to expand upon the concepts learned in the first.Overall a fantastic intro to interacting with web data with Python.
An excellent course, Dr. Chuck manages to put various things with ease. Material as well as teaching is excellent. However, I found the necessity of having more programming exercises with more difficulty than what course presently offers. More exercises with higher difficulty are needed to emphasize the material we have learnt. Apart from that, this is an excellent course.
I liked the course, but somewhat less than the first two from this specialization and I was undecided for a while whether to give 3 or 4 stars. I would have appreciated more background on urllib, API, or ssl, at least in the (admittedly free) text book. I also think that the part on the Service Oriented Approach in its current form is too condensed to be really helpful.
This course may be hard for laymen who only know a little about Internet. I will recommend people who has a hard time initially to watch some intro video about Internet on YouTube and then come back. Anyway, if you see this informative course through to the very end, you're gonna have a strong understanding about the regular expression, Internet, HTML, XML JSON and API.
Loved it, it was hard, but i completed. Course needs some updates, there are few mistakes that took me longer time to complete tasks. And i liked the videos when it was Dr Chuck and desktop video in same video, it was more easy to keep along.  Now it is harder when you concentrate on the code and then suddenly you lose your concentration when you see Dr. in full screen.
I found it to be a very useful class on important topics in web analytics. The homework assignments are not very difficult and encourage learning instead of grade-seeking. Plus, Dr. Chuck is an engaging instructor!P.s. I gave it 4 starts because the assignments were a bit too easy at times. My feedback is to include advanced but optional assignments in future sessions.
A very good course explaining the fundamentals of data analysis using python. The course is a little dense, and goes a little to fast if you are a beginner, but it will let you explore the most important elements for accessign web data. The teacher is one of the bests that I have seen in Coursera, and the bonus materials are incredible.The previous courses are a must.
Dr Chuck - a computing professor with a sense of humour - won me over in the end. This doesn't ask too much. It's clearly set out and you get to have a little go at programming at the end of each session. This course highlights how easy Python is more than anything and that's a good thing. Good coding language for beginners. Good course for beginners or novices.
Great course and even though the topic was more interesting then the previous 3 courses (interesting as in fun) I didn't like the new format where Dr. Chuck wasn't in a picture-in-picture frame so that we could always see the slides and him at the same time. Many times the slides would cut out to him and it was very distracting as I'd have to pause and go back.
The lectures are well explained. But the programming exercises are too basic . Expected the programming assignments to be more challenging . Good course but each week could be completed by 2-3 hours . And the 6 week course can be completed within 1 week by casual work . But its a good introduction to access web data using python . Recommended for beginners .
I did the whole course over about 1 day. I was already familiar with Perl, Regex, HTTP, XML, JASON and web scraping, but totally unfamiliar with Python. Fortunately it did not rely on having done earlier Python programming basic parts too much. Will I do the other parts of Python for everyone? No, I think I would rather work and learn on my own problems.
This course felt a lot harder to understand than the previous Python Data Structures course, probably because there is a lot more specialist vocabulary and terminology relating to the world wide web and data transmission which students are unfamiliar with. The concepts are sort of confusing but the instructor's explanation was relatively helpful.
This class helps you write programs that talk to the world. It's a good introduction to how the Internet works and how data is shared and processed.The instructor is helpful, but I advise taking good notes and taking the time to re-read previous chapters of the textbook to understand the techniques you need to use to complete the assignments.
Firstly loads of thanks and regards for making such a wonderful course. The course content and quality is undoubtedly very good but specifically for me i felt i didn't understood  the that last API part that very efficiently as i did the whole course so i request you please update that part i.e. week 6 and have us get it through more clearly.
As with the prerequisite courses, I really appreciated the fact that the video lectures were easy to follow. The worked example videos were also super helpful. I would say I wish there are some terms that were better explained / more in depth. For example, the underlying reasons for importing urllib.request, urllib.parse, urllib.error, etc.
Very good course. However, some things are a bit confusing. Especially around the use of try/except and error handling which sometimes are in place and sometimes not. And also, it would be great to dive a little more into use of dicts when they are in use. Show the different ways to loop and print out for dicts in the last assignments.
First of all, it's a great honor to be part of this special course. I learned a lot, really. The course assignments are a bit difficult than the previous but, I appreciate the efforts made by the instructor. Thank you once again to be part of this ride of knowledge. I feel more confident in python after getting through this stuff.
Was well structure until the part about accessing parsed data in JSON; this was a little rough as the example provided in the lecture accessed data like: parsedjsondata['person']['age']. In the actual assignment this does not work and I had to use a work-around by using range(len(dictionary)) which is not covered in this course.
Very good material and instructor; just lacked on two things (under my point of view):1) Development of a simple webapplication to make the communication between webserver and client;2) Implementation of a socket and actually make the capture of a "stream" and translate (maybe opening the packets accordingly with the protocol);
The assignments were pretty challenging and interesting for me.I did not even think at first I could solve the problems. But when I solved it I was very happy . It also boosted my confidence.The teaching stuff was so helpful.With the assistance of discussion forum it would take me more time to solve this course .So,thank you.
It got a bit tougher in this third course but we were warned at the beginning. Gaps were left in our knowledge that we had to fill in in order to complete the assignments but that OK. The TA's are quick to respond to questions in the forum... you will get a hint but not an answer but that's usually enough to nudge you along.
A little tougher for me - sometimes I struggled to get from the content of the book, to the solutions of the assignments. I guess it's part of the learning curve - made me want to learn more.Only criticism is the SSL library which appears in all codes, but is no longer available in 2020 and has caused me numerous headaches.
Awesome content , learned a lot and is etched in the memory for a very long time. One star deducted for i felt the course was rushed in the end while covering the topic of APIs (week 5 & week 6) , i feel it can be part of a separate course in much detailed context. Love Dr. Chuck and his style , became a great fan of his !
Awesome course, Although the professor had to rush through less significant portions due to the time constraint and also to NOT wander away from the main course, And hence, he even has a separate course entirely in the direction of Networking. AWESOME Professor, and the syllabus and course material are equally brilliant.
good course, would have loved it better if Dr. Chuck would have dived deeper on OAuth and the Authenticate dunction he used. But maybe because I'm a Comp. sciece grad, it would've been easy for me to comprehend and not the people who are just starting out ( beginners: for who, this course is made in the first place).
This course is an excellent intro to web data. It's a good start to then get interested in the topic and take more courses about it, so you can fully understand everything. It will take some more effort from your part to complete all the assignments, than the two previous courses, and maybe look for more references.
I expected a lot more about scraping: its caveats and workarounds. The course is good for people, who are new to Python, networking, serialization formats. For a person who is more or less familiar with mentioned topics, the course will be rather boring. Nevertheless, I've learned some new information, thank you!
Overall I enjoyed this course. At times it  seemed like Dr. Chuck  could have slowed the content of the videos to better explain what was happening on a step by step basis. I often felt Chuck wanting to race through the material because it was so 'easy' and maybe forgetting he was instructing a beginners course.
This is the this course of the specialization course and compared to the first two this one was a bit fast paced in my opinion. Some topics which are not about Python but are still needed to understand what we actually do with our codes could be explained a little bit more in detail (f.i. protocols, APIs, etc)
Overall the course is really great. And is really suitable for those green hands who has no previous Web Data knowledge like me. However, the assignment is almost the same with the example which means it's only about copy and paste. But I still learned a lot from this course. Thanks for sharing the knowledge.
I really appreciate all the hard work put by the professor to make this course a great one and i helped me to see and experience a new side of python which i lack before.All mentors were very helpful and would eagerly take other courses of this specialisation.Thank you all.I had a great learning experience.
This course felt a little light compared to the other ones in the series, I wish I could have learned more. Beautiful Soup was introduced as a way to do things, but not thoroughly explained as a package. I did appreciate the in-depth explanation of XML and JSON formats. Dr. Chuck is an amazing instructor.
Very useful stuff. Glad to get exposure at a high level to both XML and JSON. Would prefer to get introduced to objects a bit earlier - and maybe a bit more brush-up on dictionaries as applied here -- but I am impressed how the examples are structured to help us easily unlock things through self-study.
It gave me a very brief introduction of accessing web data with Python. A lot of things made sense to me after taking this course. However, probably because it's an entry-level course, a lot of significant details were not properly explained. So I did struggle especially when I was doing the homework.
The course was great. I feel though that the code walk thrus are not thorough enough; and thats important for someone with no background in coding. Often a new concept/line of code comes in and is not dealt with in sufficient detail that leads you confused and ruining the whole program understanding.
A very good course as always, but I wished that they explained more details about how that network stuff works.In addition, the Arabic language is not included in this course and because of that, some topics made me confused and hard to understand.But, it was a very useful course and I enjoyed it :)
I really enjoyed this course, the lectures are well structured and cover a wide range of subjects and concepts. I also liked the code examples and assignments for their fun and engaging aspect.I particularly appreciated Dr. Chuck's teaching style that encourages students to explore and experiment.
I'm not a new programmer, or new to web programming, but I found the conceptual overview somewhat useful and definitely very engaging. I was more in it to learn the syntax, and learn I did.I think the assignments on this course were somewhat too easy, even for someone brand new to programming.
I liked the course and the rythm of the videos but I wish there was a bit more info on what the different libraries do in the sample codes. I get that there is reading and coding to do on our own, but towards the end I did feel a bit lost trying to understand why I was using some of the libs.
This course have many things missing but if you do a little research you will find many more things to explore. This course is not so good as compare to the rest of 2 i completed but yeah  it will give you a wider sense of programming and introduce you to a real world. THank you dr, Chuck,
Hello budding Python pros out there, I have completed this course as am writing a review.The course was very interesting, learned many new and useful concepts, you definitely should take this course.Thank you so much Dr.Chuck. I loved the course and the way you made it easy for me.Bye ....
Challenging at times but ultimately rewarding. The assignments are well thought out, and the right mixture of not having to start from scratch but re-working code examples to suit the purpose of the assignment. This still ensures that you understand what each line of the code is achieving.
It is a little difficult for me, it will be better if the "a long story" part can be explained more precisely. I often meet with some problems when I use urllib and change the serviceurl. It takes me a lot of efforts to deal with the problems, but I still not understand this part totally.
I prefer the format of the previous courses, where the video of the professor was in parallel to the notes/presentation and did not alternate between slides and video of the professor. It gives you more time to make your notes, and refer to the notes while the professor is talking.
This is a good course if you are interested in getting to know how to parse html data and xml/json data using python libraries. The techniques you learn can be immediately put to use to do some really cool things with existing APIs like the twitter API, or that of Google and so on.
The course is very interesting and educational. However the instructor explains very well the concepts. Besides I appreciate the effort to build a parallel environment to test GMaps API, since the service is not available anymore without registering a payment method (as of 2019).
this course was awesome. But I think there is a very short discussion on geojson or I couldn't understand properly. And API wasn't shown practically too much so that when I go for the search I could not make a match with lectures. Hope that my review will help the next learners.
It becomes really difficult as you go with the course. First two courses were really great and simple to understand but this one was really difficult to grasp. I had to go back and forth the training to complete some of the assignments. But overall good explanation by Dr. Chuck.
A lot of useful topics covered in this course. And presented very well, in easy to understand fashion. I would have loved it to be a bit more detailed, with more examples, variations of what all can be done, more assignments etc - so the student gets a solid grip of the subject.
This course was a great course, just like the previous two courses. One thing I would say is that I wanted a little bit more practice. With the textbook there are many practices but it would have been better if there were more assignments so that I can make sure I understood.
This course is a nice way for those who are tech averse to get their feet wet into the complex jargon of web. It is a way for those of us mortals to get a peek under the hood of the internet and get a global understanding of the major inner workings of the web applications.
I am rating it 4 star because while it had been an awesome course, it didn't really dive into the depths of things. All things were basic. But, wow! what a way to learn those basic things!! Had it been possible, I would've rated it 4.5~4.6 (but that's not possible so... :)
I thought this one was better than the first (two) part(s). Short, self-paced, to the point. Easy to follow and implement. Highly recommend this one. (All I wanted is actually the JSON part, but I got so much more.)Quizzes and assignments could be an itch more challenging.
learned a lot.  Good course, fast paced.  Was not able  to learn how to access Oauth credentials for Twitter.  Online support for this was not helpful, but it ended up that this was not needed for any exercises.  Still, I wish I was able to learn the Python Oauth process.
Being an amateur in programming languages, learning about HTML, XML seemed a big deal to me. Dr Chuck was an excellent teacher in breaking down the concept to the basic and explaining it in the easiest way possible. Learned a lot from the course. Thank you, Professor.
This is one of the best courses i ever attended, dr.chuck is very very thorough on the basics, and thats where the strength is. I love this, and recommend to anyone and everyone who wants to know about, python and web-data, JSON, API's and all the interesting stuff.
I felt a big jump in the learning curve once we reached XML and JSON. I could complete the assignments because all I had to do was make small changes to code provided, but I don't feel like I've even close to understood yet! Will keep re-reading the book chapters...
This course has helped me learn the basics of regular expression and how to parse html, xml, and json data with simple exercises. After completing the course, I feel ready to apply what I learned to do more complicated tasks with the associated python libraries.
Nice course and very clear and concise like the other courses in this series. As a mechanical engineer I'm not sure what use I would ever have to use this type of data processing but I imagine it could be useful for someone more specialised in web applications.
I have really liked the course and the way it has been presented. Although the course doesn't go into too much depth, it still gives a solid introduction to web data parsing and the available tools for the same. I strongly recommend this as a beginner's course.
This course was really hard for me.  I did not enjoy the semantics of the final assignments.  I found it more troubling than the assignment itself.  Would you please state the assignments in plain English? Sometimes I did not understand what you were asking.
Everything is extremely understandable, sometimes even too much, but the main problem of this is its assignments. I'd like to do more on the material, covered in lectures. For exemple, there is a 30 minutes lecture on Twitter API and no assignment about it..
It was a great course but I felt that the exercises could have been a bit more tough. If the exercises were challenging, then it would be a great way to learn the principle of Read-Search-Ask.Thanks, Dr.Chuck. Looking forward to Databases with Python course.
I really liked this course. I have learned so many new things here. But the API access part was a bit rough for me. Because the video was not updated. I guess there could be a simple lecture how google changed their charging and how to access twitter's API.
THE COURSE WAS VERY INFORMATIVE IN IT SELF ALTHOUGH I HAD A BIT OF PROBLEMS DOING MY LAST ASSIGNMENT IT HAS SOME PROBLEMS BUT NOW IT'S DONE SO IT OKAY ANY HOW THE COURSE IS A MUST FOR SOMEONE WHO WANTS TO LEARN SCRAPING OF SITES OR A BIT OF SELF AUTOMATION
its a decent intro class but I felt It missed out on a couple of things. We used beautiful Soup to parse html, used etree for xml without exploring the overlap between them much. However the course has prepared me with the skills needed to start on my own!
Overall it was quite an informative course, though some parts I was left stranded and had absolutely no idea how to continue with some assignments, hopefully when python 3 rolls out for this specialisation it will make it a bit easier to follow through!
It was gr8 but i'd really like there was a guide for how to install modules like xml.etree.ElementTree etc. I was stuck cuz my program didn't work since i didn't have the module intalled...There are guides on youtube but  very few are actually helpful.
Week 5, the assigment sample coding has API included, which was not discussed at all in Week 5's lecture. The sample coding is very confusing. Please replace the Week 5's assigment coding sample with a more relevant and clear coding sample. Thanks!
I feel the second assignment on week 6 is too easy, it basically writes the whole thing already. Also the materials in week 6 are kind of too much and too fast. Maybe it is better to slow it down and have a more detailed explanation on everything.
This course is good but i think i need to have another course of the same topic to understand and grasp the subject more strongly! Overall experience was nice. i got early replies from the mentors when ever i asked for a doubt in discussion forum.
So simple to practice and understand.Still, I think this course is valuable for programming in python.P.D: Is a pity that can't access with honour code for all five courses of specialization, and subtitles of videos were not translated to spanish.
Thanks Dr. Chuck, but at some point during the course I feel we got a little less knowledge. So, 4 stars this time.I'd prefer a book to learn more, and that's how it should be.So, thanks again Sir for putting up such a great coursework.Thumbs up!
Great course. Minus one star because things start to move a little fast and erratically in the last few weeks. If I'm not mistaken some topics on the quiz were never actually discussed in the lecture nor the literature (i.e. REST as an acronym).
A good course that gives insight into how data is exchanged over the Internet and how Python can be used to manipulate and use that data. For each chapter, I recommend adding 1 additional programming assignment with a little more complexity.  g
Overall I liked it. Dr Chuck is a very good teacher, and the materials are well structured.I'm just not giving 5 stars because I think It could offer a wider range of exercises, so that we could practice and consolidate the knowledge provided.
This is great introduction course to networking, i believe this course should be longer and discuss more details of access web data; such theory of url and format. API types in more details. overall it is great introduction course to web data
Please update the google api lecture with regards to its api key because i got scared when i saw the geocode assignment and i was unprepared for the assignment because i couldn't play around with the geocode api as google just requested a key
It is a definitely helpful course to broaden your horizons. As a person who has never done anything in HTML or JSON before, in this course I‘ve learned some basic syntax. But to make use of this knowledge one should go much deeper into this.
Some of the vids are a bit long, I enjoy listening to Charles but I would prefer a "short" version and a "long" version of the explenations, but he knows what he's talking about and he knows how to pass on the information in a sane manner ;)
Very helpful course, its getting harder this time and become more challanging but if you give some time to it understand the the basic and ask your question in the discussion forum the  course woulc feel like the previous easier courses.
I was much more confused during the lectures of the last four weeks maybe some of them required seeking more resources but overall even if I struggled with some assignments, I gained A LOT of valuable information. Thank you Love Dr Chuck
The arguments are really interesting and even quite well explained.In my opinion however it should be focused on less topics in order to gain practical skills: there are too much arguments and none of them seems to be explained in depth.
The teaching is excellent and the assignments given are awesome. However, sometimes during the lectures it gets a bit too theoretical and hence is difficult to follow. Also, would love to have more number of assignments for each week
Very good introductory course to learn how you can code to get data from web using different constructs i.e. web crawling, web services, json api etc. Also introduce reg-ex and other programing construct to process the data from web.
Easy to understand explanations and a very motivated teacher!Assignments were too easy though, because 95% of the solutions were already given by the example program. It would have been better to code those few lines from scratch.
Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor. I learned a lot about accessing web datas n I'm very satisfied as a learner at the beginning of this journey to learn more about accessing web data through python programming. It's great.
I was amazing experience, If you don't even have knowledge of web, no issues you will start learning through this course. Hands on experience with twitter and google map with Oauth authetication. I really enjoyed the journey.
It was a reakky good course and I've completed the 2 courses that come before this in the specialisation. However, one problem that I found was that assignments were a little too complex in comparison of what we were taught.
The course material is well-structured. I've learnt many new concepts and methods in python. I think there should have more practice assignments on week 5 and 6 because of importance and complexity of lessons in these weeks.
A very good course, but not as good as the first two in this specialisation.It could do with a bit of editing and strengthening the last 2 exercises.Other than this, Dr Chuck is an excellent teacher and great fun to follow.
The coding assignment is too simple, as one would just change several lines from the sample code to get the result. Hope the assignment would be more chanllenging so that I can have a deeper understanding of the concepts.
Thanks a lot but actually there are some things that are just listed and do not have an explanation about why they are like that. Even though, it is a good course for CS Dept. beginners to learn for how to catch web data.
Course was very good, but could have a module on setting up a client server link using sockets and how to send and request data between the 2. A bit more emphasis on how to create JSON and XML files would also be welcome.
A very interesting professor! This is my second course in this specialization, and it is possibly I'll take the SQL one as well. However it is too easy. Students still have to take some time learn the modules themselves.
The whole course is absolutely great, but last assignment in JSON section should be improved. After passing the assignment I feel like I do not understand the point of it. Everything apart from that was great as always!
Not only interesting but also practical for all those interested in treating the web as a source of structured information. Also helps to understand how modern system that conect different services can be put together.
It was a great course and learnt many new things which I'm sure will help me in my career. I would've rated this course 5/5 if there was more explanation on certificates and authentication etc. when using online APIs.
the course is amazing , there is much knowledge in here !!Enjoyed every week and every lectureThe instructor is funny and never gets you bored !the missing star is for the tasks, they need to be a bit more challenging
Great Course! Thanks to all the staff, Stephen Mentor and especially to Dr-Chuck... I had fun and learned much. Could never imagine i could go this far in programming and all that for FREE. I'm very Grateful to y'all
The chaning .py files without notes on the assignments or videos that the .py files have changed is a nuisance.  Change the .py files in the full .zip I downloaded at the start of the "Python for everybody" course.
This is a great introductory course for API's and I learnt a lot, but I wish there were more challenging assignments for better understanding. Tbh, most of the assignments were just tweaking the sample code a bit.
The exercises are very simple. It would have been great if there was a final project so that the student can see how to use what he/she learnt in a real application. The videos and the teaching are certainly good.
This was really a very great experience to have this course. I really had a good time and interest while learning the things. the best part of all these courses are that its very interesting and knowledge feeding
Great kick-off for what I am sure will lead the students to countless hours of solving "puzzles" with Python. I wished the assignments would have been a bit more challenging but they definitively fit the purpose.
A great course to teach you the fundamentals of the internet and how to interact with it using Python. It does not go into the depth of the topics and is best suited for beginner and intermediate level learners!
Week 6 assignment 2 did not provide proper guidance on how to complete. Had to rely on code instructor gave to complete. Felt this took away from the learning experience on the final assignment for the course...
Great Course! I was completely new to these topics and I found to have really gained something valuable after completing this course. The assignments and the course materials were too good. Enjoyed the course!
The course is nice and prof. Chuck is really awesome at making things simple to understand. I feel the course could have been made little more rigorous. More assignments of good level can be cherry on the top.
A good intro to xml/json but you´ll need more than this to actually implement both. I´ve been using mostly official python docs to complement this. It´s just too broad of a topic to cover in one single course.
This course is really good and useful. I appreciate a lot the efforts of Dr.Chuck made in computer science education. Compared with the previous two courses, this one is a bit more sophisticated to understand.
I really enjoyed the course and found it cool how you can write python scripts to act like browser.  However the API stuff (especially the twitter one) seemed kind of  vague to me, since I don't have twitter.
Charles did an excellent job while describing and making a student much interactive in his class. He showed the learning in a very basic way and i personally enjoyed the class. Cheers to the python class :)
I found this course difficult than the previous ones and would give a suggestion of adding more weeks if the course syllabus demands.Syllabus of this course is very vast and so lectures must be increased.
Dr. Chuck class is full of learning and fun. He leads us through everything in a logical manner thus even people who do not have a lot of experience with programming, even they find it easy to understand.
Great introduction to web scraping, basically teaches you what you need to start doing web scraping on your own. Only remark, why teach urllib instead of requests? requests seems to be the better library.
it would be 5 star rating if you will provide the deep detail or other practice exercise for Beautiful soup json and rest apioverall great course learn api and i am using Beautiful Soup  now very often
Highly recommended to anyone wants to learn the python to access web data, you will definitely learn the content smoothly with the awesome instructor, yeah, great instructor, i love his teaching style
I hope the problem of the final assignment can be fixed as fast as possible. I waste 3 hours looking for the correct answer by using the keyword to find the answer. However, the keyword is not correct
interesting course. well structured and paced with practical real-life examples and clear study materials. i strongly recommend this course for anyone considering learning python. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
The course is very good. However the course covers only the basics of how to use python to access web data.  It would have been  good to add an assignment to  use REST APIs in the real world scenario.
need to write code step by step not to get usable code and explain it that's  not interesting , writing the code from scratch is really exciting so please improve the course to be more enthusiastic .
Challenging assignments, great teaching. I don't understand half of what these computer nerds are talking about, but I am figuring out how to complete their assignments. I must be learning something.
This course is really very useful.The effort given by Dr.Chuck is very appriciateable and this course is very interesting as well because many great programmer told their history of discovered thing.
Dr. Chuck is so skilled at teaching.  His teaching style and presentations are easy to follow.  The class is not as challenging as other Python courses, but it's a great step to learning Python well.
The course, which is the third course in Python for Everybody, is concise as the previous ones. However, for those who are not familiar with the Internet, the course seems to jump too fast a bit.
Somewhat lacks details. I guess the topics covered is vast compared to the time frame for the course. Anyway, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to Dr Chuck for the amazing contents.
This course is really nice helpful.Week 6, SOA explanation PPT is really nice .In week 5 quiz contain detail questions that are not explained ,I didn't find then in book.overall Course was good.
It's a good course, very well organized, useful and with great interviews of pioneers of the Internet. Not very challenging though for someone who has a few years programming experience with C++
Knowledge of Internet Architecture would be very helpful before beginning this course. Its a decent course but being a complete novice, I found myself lost completely on more than one occasion.
XML got a bit difficult, but its understandable since JSON is becoming so prevalent. Need a better animation for service applications. Current one is boring compared to how Dr. Chuck explains.
Very Good course by Dr. chuck. It has encourage me to learn more deeper in the field of web scrapping and data science. Some part was boring but overall course provides great value. Thank you!
The lecturer is fabulous. However, I think the assignment should be as hard as the actual one in university. In such difficulty, we would fully remember and understand how to use what we know.
The assignments were a bit easy as most of the code is given in the examples. But overall a very nice course, many topics covered, I am definitely more confident about my skills in python now.
It's great materials but the mentor or teaching staff is not helping a lot. They should emphasize on the key point instead of talking indirectly all the time. I'm sorry but this is how I feel.
Quite difficult compared to the first 2 courses and I had difficulty in understanding these concepts as clearly as the earlier ones. However, Dr.Charles Severence seems to be a great teacher.
Once more, I really enjoyed the course and the assignments.the later became sightly harder to get at the end, but with a bit of thinking and testing I got through it.Keep upo the good work.
The assignments could be a little bit more challenging, on the other hand, they each address some part of the skills I want to learn. Probably I should hold my breath for the capstone. :-)
This was a little difficult course for a beginner. A little more explanation could be given as to why certain parts of the code were used. Overall it was a good course as an introduction.
This course is a lot challenging and complex than the previous courses. I feel that this course needed to be divided into two courses so as to be true to its name, 'Python for Everybody'.
Very good introduction to python and its application to access web data. Dr Severance makes the process fun and easy to access. I would maybe have appreciate more complicated assessments.
Parsing XML and JSON w/ Python is an extremely useful set of skills to exploit in the IT industry; I would suggest many more exercises on lists and dictionaries though; Totally worth it.
The content is a bit difficult for anyone like me who do not have any programming background. The materials are too brief to me. But, overall the course is quite useful yet informative.
Typical coursera course like previous python course which is excellent.....No stress taking this course.... Will get good time for the assignments...And thanks to the tutor Dr.Chuck...
In general the course is good, giving a good introduction to the topics covered. I was only slightly disappointed by the JSON part, which I wish could have been covered in more detail.
Yet another quite good course from Dr. Chuck; it may be a bit too quick on some of the most interesting parts, but all in all still very informative. And entertaining in its own way :)
Requires a lot more digging around for information. That said, I felt it was a lot more useful than the first courses in the specialization ( but then it builds on previous courses ).
It's a little difficult for me since I don't have a lot of background knowledge of Web. I don't know HTML, HTTP, etc.I hope the course could provide more knowledge about these parts.
It's a very good course, though it's a longer and should be splited in two. Assignments are a little more difficult and you need to watch videos attentively to solve some exercises.
Overal nice course but the examples were really hard and instructor have in-depth knowledge  regarding this course for sureI am glad to  learn this course And thank you for this!!!
Great course, I would highly recommend it to everyone who want to learn more about XML and JSON and how to use it in Python. The exercises and assignments should be tougher though!
The fisrt two tasks were hard, i needed a lot the help of forumsI would like know how access to other web pages writed with XML or JSON in adittion to the tasksThank you very much
The content is good, the only issue I seen is that the whole course fits into 1 week if you know the python basics (which is required for this course as stated in the description)
very useful skills and give some specific instructions on accessing to web data. But the examples are a little sample, hope  there will be examples of different difficulty level.
Thank you for this great course as an introduction to access web data using python. I just would like to have more exercises and dive into more practical real case applications.
Great course, the only thing missing that I was hoping to see is how to download entire documents (PDF's, etc.) from websites. This would be very valuable for academic research.
Great course, enjoyed the lectures. classes and assignments were on point. Generally I learned a lot, love the regex method and parsing xml / json was fun. happy I participated.
I could have used more homework, but the later assignments were sufficiently difficult to ensure I knew and remembered all the things I learned in the early part of the course.
Very good. However i believe the course was quite slow on some easy topics at the beginning of the cursus while we are now going slightly too fast with more complicated issues.
Assignments were too easy, and were really "fed" to us. Also, I liked better the setting in the previous course where Dr. Chuck was in his office and we always saw his screen.
Professor and course are great. However, I feel that there weren't enough practice questions to bolster our understanding of the material and the lessons were spread too thin.
Overall content was great, just few problems regarding week 6 quiz. Few questions in the quiz(mostly in week 6) were not from the content that was thought in video lectures.
The Concept explanation should have been more detailed. It would have been better if each of the output steps are shown and explained.But, definitely a great learning.......
An excellent course.
The only weakness is associated with some no-explained commands and functions. This could lead to a mechanic development of the end-tasks of each week.
there was too much jumping between files and the code for twitter2.py dint work at first because oauth from python dint work so I had to download oauth from the sample code
Great introduction course to python with internet protocol/API/Scraping knowledge. I'll recommend this course to who is new to python to follow the whole series of courses.
Verry good introductory course into using python to access web data. Gives good background information. The exercises are quite easy for people with IT or Python knowledge.
It was a hard course but the instructor simplified it and with little practise and revising the course i think i can master how to access other web data using differnt api
Somewhat diffcult maybe it is bacause the web is of nature complicated and you need to figure out many notion to pass the exam with full score. In grneral, a great course.
This is an awesome and the 'best' course I've taken in my entire  career .  Thanks a ton to Dr. Charles Severance and University of Michigan for materializing this course.
Still very good content but it's getting a bit tough for beginners like me and also I get confused about the relationships among different concepts, like http, xml, json
Good course.  A lot of background info that could be cut down but good for context.  XML and JSON videos and assignments were very challenging but great to work through.
ompare the first two courses this one is a little bit harder, and not so friendly to a fresher. There are still lots of things need to be learnt about spidering the web.
this particular course did not reach my expectations. as I did not have a background in computer science lots of the complicated concepts were not thoroughly explained.
The course material is great, but the assignment is too simple, especially the last(You don't need to write any codes). I think the assignments can be more challenging.
I really enjoyed the the assignment. It was challenging and worth doing it. I am sure kind of knowledge which i gain by solving the assignment is worth time spending.
really liked the lectures and the assignments. Only negative feedback is around installing beautiful soup, what was not working because of the type of bash terminal.
Great course, however skimmed over some key topics that are pretty fundamental to understanding not just the Python but the context of Python in web data extraction.
getting harder and harder but interesting because it gives chance for me to communicate with the actual application in the daily life. Great start accessing the web!
Very good course showing how to interact with the internet. Assignments could have been a little more taxing but on the whole it gives a flavour of what is possible.
I had an exciting moments studying this course. I have enjoyed the bonus and office hours. The course is also equip with how things come by that is the discoveries.
it would better to teach the concept of api_key. The overall training is good, but i am just confused about how to implement the api_key in real scenario. Thanks ;D
It's a little bit more difficult than the former two courses, of course, it's a great course but I think it could be better it there are more details for beginners
assignments are actually challenging. pls it a request that give  more assignments that are challenging and makes  our concept strong .. hope u guys consider it ..
Python with real life application or gist of i, enough to get started is what will you learn in this course. Definitely recommended. Thank You Charles Serverance.
Really understandable and clear, and always enjoyable.  I felt like at this point we were covering a lot of ground and could use additional programming exercises.
I had to resubmit 3 of the assignments though I had already submitted the right one before and it also displayed that my answer was correct. Please fix this bug.
This course is very good to understand power of python to fetch the data from web. It helped me to write efficient code to web scrap and parse the required data.
The lectures are very good. I would recommend that more examples be added in the book. This will help students solve problems and understand the concepts better.
I would say a very good introduction to the topic. Would be nice if maybe in the future you would add some more advanced excersises ( just to gain more practice)
As always Professor Severance was amazing. However, I wish he'd covered API's in more detail as i still don't quite understand what exactly is happening in them
Excellent course brought by Dr. Charles Severance. In spite of the difficulty of the assignments, I have achieved a broader view and understanding of web data.
The course is great, I just wish the assignments could've been a bit tough and explanation of the concepts and the code could've been a bit more comprehensive.
Very good course, I would like to have seen some more challenging assignment. Other than that, very stimulating and learned a lot about web protocols and data.
Good overview, but not as comprehensive as the last two classes. Also some of the exercises had errors which caused unnecessary delays in working the problem.
I recommend this course to every student who wants to learn python.Its a great course and the instructor helps in making the course more interesting to learn.
Overall pretty good, some of the last assignments have misleading, false, or information not addressed in the lectures that make them unnecessarily difficult
I personally find this course usefull. It teaches good current toolsDr Chuck is a very motivating guy. In order to get better the course needs more exercises
Was an eye opening course to access data from .txt files and the nature of data that could be drawn out, was more interesting in the way Dr. Charles taught.
Nice course, but we would enjoy it even more if it is more in dept for the basics of web like XML, JASON, Beautiful Soup, Client- server conversations etc.
Some of the assignments were pretty hard for me and I wished the explanation could be more better and had depth.But overall really good course and helpfull
I found this course little difficult as most of the syntax deviates from what I've learned. I had to check multiple times before I could finish the course.
A more challenging course, as to be expected in this stage of the specification. It would be interesting to know how much of the underlying code is working
It has been a great course, learnt about different forms in which data can be transferred and how to access and interpret the data. Overall a great one :)
I think this course has many introduction about the logics of Internet, but it's not so interesting as in the previous courses in the same specialisation.
The class is good, but the content in the class is not that much.I think more complex project to solve some interesting tasks in homework will be better.
Information Technology (IT) is a very dynamic sector. That is why current version of the course is outdated. I can strongly recommend update the course.
explain with more elobarate consept and examples would me more helpful.but this section is not as productive or clearly understood as previous courses.
good course, complex topic, but Dr Chucks is good. It could be a bit better with shorter videos, explanations of concepts a bit more easily or slower.
Excellent course. I think it would be better if some part of the course is replaced with other materials. Mainly, I did not like the XML part and API.
This course is great, altough sometimes the difficulty is a bit too high. I was able to solve all exercise but I copied a lot from the given materials
适合新手 还有很多不足之处。There are fewer supplemental materials. I think it can give more import supplementary, especially the most relevant portion of the book.
Some parts of the course need better explanation. I found installing BeautifulSoup confusing and it could have used better instructions for doing so.
Wish the homework went more in-depth instead of simply using most of the skeleton code from the sample code used in the lecture slides pertaining it.
need to provide some detailed information about how to get API key.thanks to Dr. Chuck  for such good lectures and also the University of Michigan.
Excellent - but I wish that the course had tougher assignments to really push me to practice on the topic - although I admit this is hard to grade.
very interesting course gving an introduction to the use of Python to work with web dataMaybe too quick but in any case, it is a good introduction.
The pace of the course was just right however the difficulty level was slightly higher than I expected and the assignments were also pretty tough!
It would be better if there were more explanations and details of the codes. But I really learnt a lot since I did a lot of self teaching. Thanks!
Please change the second assignement in week 6! The geojson homework is completely broken! Apart from that a nice overview to get into this topic
This is a bit complex than first two course of Python specialization. Complex codes should be more elaborately explained specially in API parts.
Still very good but some code parts were too fast explained to be correctly learned - I would have needed more steps to understand it better ...
I wish greater detail was used for the api access...for instance twurl install didn't work so wasn't able to test various functionality using it
Strange as it may seem, I would have liked more assignments to reinforce all the new concepts I tripped over on my way to finishing this course.
As always it is fun to try things out with Dr.Chuck but i faces some probleme and didn't understand some topics as it was not expained properly
"http://www.py4e.com/code3/geoxml.py" is not suitable sample code for assignment "Extracting data from XML". It makes thing looked complicated.
Though it rushes on some of the advanced concepts, making it difficult to master them, it still a great example of what MOOCs should look like.
Great course! The reason why I didn't give 5 stars is that assignments are too easy. If we can resolve some real problems, that will be better.
This course really teaches me what I wanted to know. Text and sample codes are wonderful. I think it's easier now for me to step up. Thank you.
Good survey of different skills needed and problems that you may encounter. I didn't always feel prepared to complete some of the assignments.
This course of python is very good. I learnt different things from this course like reading XML file ,JSON file, HTML, and regular expression.
fundamental and goodgreat professorI like this coursebut i think the assignment maybe too easybut still,you can learn something in this course
It was Ok! The preofessor has a good style of teaching, but the depth of material could have been better and the assignments more challenging.
overall covered a lot of interesting material - hope to see more classes that dive deeper into webscraping and not just getting at the basics
XML was too tough. More time should have been spent to explain how to parse data and use it through xml.Otherwise this course was AWESOME!!!
The professor's explanations in this course were a bit less detailed than in the first two courses, but overal the course was really good!
In the sixth week, it felt like they skimmed over the harder material and took me a while to understand. other that that it was very good.
Dr Chuck is great. There seemed to be a pretty big leap from the examples and the assignments though. Thoroughly enjoyed the class though.
This course was also good but I did not enjoy it as the previous ones- guess that the accessing web data issues were not as interesting...
Really nice course. Help was available when I needed it, however I think some of the integration of urllib needed to be better elaborated.
Some typos in the assignments, but otherwise very straightforward course with good information. -1 star for not having python 3 "support."
Overall is a great introduction for access data, perhaps, it has some empty instructions due to the lack of explanation of some contents.
I'm a big fan of Dr. Chuck, and its a great course. I just felt that the XML, JSON, and the API portions could be discussed a little more
best course of acessing the web data .he is telling the things in such a sinple manner that everyone can understand.thank you so much sir
Real nice course information. It is a very good course for introductory purpose. Will love to see a more advance version of this course.
Excellent. But sad part is there are not many  exercises and exams. Problem are some how simpler(!) not different from done in examples.
great coursetwitter part was confusing, it required rigorous permissions from twitter online apps, therefore more insight was required.
Excellent instructor. He explains the code and concept very clearly. If the course had more coding exercises it would have been amazing
Very nice course. one thing this course can add is the practical example from actual web scraping such as basketball score, stock data.
I like the teaching-style of the professor.It's very insteresting.Btw,if more the example for accessing web Date, maybe more pratical.
Dr Chuck always does a great job of feeling like you're in a real class, real teacher. I thought the content of the course was good.
Wonderful course which touched upon many things. It can be more intensive for an in depth explanation. Amazing course nonetheless!
The course needs more practice explained problems. Suddenly, the level of the course went too high. But, thank you for the course
Well balanced introduction to web data retrieving, sound coding examples and usual clarity in background explanation by Dr. Chuck
It was an amazing experience . And I enjoyed the course very much. It was very understanding and useful for me. Thank you for it.
Good course on using web data thru Python. A bit complex and feels like out of sync with Python and more like a XML/JSON course.
This course needs better explanations for assignments, they are a good deal more complicated than the work taught in the lessons
Some difficulty in understanding the problem set in the Week 6 assignment - especially using the GEOJSON, but overall very good
The class is very interesting, but there too many information to really profit! BTW it was very nice to see all these new stuff
Very insightful! I only wish the course would explain some of these security tricks. I understand there may not be enough time.
Assignments should have been made more difficult and more in depth explanation of Beautiful Soup package is highly recommended.
This was one tough course i must say! The assignments was bit of tough but i really enjoyed! Thanks coursera for the platform.
the assignments are especially harder for some sections and easier than others.  instructions for assignment can be made clear
Good introduction to getting data from the web. I've used this course to scrape fantasy football data and analyse it in Excel
I was a bit hard than the previous two courses in specialization. But I could know more of the network lessons using python.
Good for beginners who need a lot of explanation and details of programming languages and how to apply it for data analysis.
Another good course! I would recommend giving a little more information on the Networked Programs and Web Services sections.
Good course for beginners ,excellent explanation of assignments if find any difficulty in deciphering ,excellent instructor
Course is really goood but staff in the discussion forum is really pathetic.Answers to the questions are really senseless.
Great course in the python series.Got introduced about API and how to use it in the development of real world applications
It was a good intro to the subject but could have used more depth in how the functions for accessing APIs actually worked.
There are an interesting course, great teachers, wonderful students and l will keep on learning other courses. Thank you !
Content is good, with clear explanation.The programming assignment could be improved by adding more challenging questions.
Felt that the course could be more informative with some more concepts and could also incorporate a project kind of thing
The video is too easy while assignments are more difficult. Maybe we need more instruction in order to learn efficiently.
this is amazing ,it will help me to my studybut I don't understand the last part (about API) the system is really awesome
Could have used more graded homework problems. I understand the foundations, but could have used some more solidification
Good course, I think Charles should avoid explaining the code so in detail sometimes that makes the course pace very slow
Easy explanations.., but just a little bit over-knowledged assignments.Anyways., It was a fantastic journey..I loved it.
I wish I would have learned more of XML and JSON but the course was great for basics of working with Python and Web Data
It's good!. This is one of my Python for Everybody Specialization course. XML, JSON, Google API's concepts are helpful.
Gave some idea about How Python is well versed for many such fields and got some idea about the Networking,Json,Xml etc
Its a nice course. To the point assignments(could have been tougher !). Lucid explanation. Please go ahead and take it.
it is little bit tough than before but if you learn this course then you can do something in real life. happy coding:)
Compared to first two courses, this is a bit difficult one.  But with patience and persistence, one can go through it.
I would have liked to be given more challenging assignments, or a final project that involves a real-world application
Well designed course that iterated through some of the major ways to access web data.  I enjoyed it and learned a lot.
Easy to follow, teach some basic skills and background informationThis course is helpful for beginners, not for majors
Professor Chuck's teaching is top-notch but the quality of the assignments were not as good as the previous 2 courses
Some confusing info in the last part. Lots of information on stuff like REST, which could have been explained better.
Excellent course. So much knowledge packed in a single course! Thank you Coursera and Dr. Chuck for putting this up.
The course was nice. But XML was kind of difficult, would be better if somehow there were more programs as examples.
It was quite good experience with the Dr. Chuck.He do it best in reading while i do my best in learning this course.
The difficulty gap between the lectures and the assignments is bigger than expected. But being challenging is good.
Course is good, the problems should have been a little more complex. Thanks to the faculty for such a great course.
Assignments seem to be bit boring than previous two courses of this specialization. Otherwise, pretty good course.
I've learned the concepts to how Website works, Extracting data, and steps in order to get the Data that you want.
Highly recommended. The programming assignments are very difficult and need some additional web research to solve.
The class is awesome! Thank you all!Here is a small piece of advice that it's better to use python3 in the future.
The course still require a little bit knowledge about HTML unless you don't want to totally understand the codes.
Itisveryhelpfullandesaytounderstandcourseandalos if we more elobration in the n/w part it will be more benificial
I enjoyed the previous two classes more as I felt that I learned more although this course was quite interesting.
Dr Chuck is amazing. His way of teaching is out of the box. And the Bonus Lectures keep the learning interactive.
Great content, but some of the assignment questions are not mentioned or included in the ebook or lectures videos
As usual, another wonderful course. Bit difficult when compared to previous courses. However, we like complexity.
Great course except it seemed little effort was put into explaining the python side of the week 5 and 6 material.
The sample code for week 4 was misleading and led to some un needed frustration. Otherwise another great course.
Really useful course for starters in python that want to understand how to connect their application to the web.
The final assignment has something wrong. If u can fix it, both students and instructors can save lots of time.
The course is really very goooood.It would be better if you include more stuff regarding web scraping projects.
After the first two courses this one seems to be much more difficult. Maybe some intermediate course is needed.
started as minor without any prior knowledge of PHYTHON thank u university of michigan ,coursera and the staff
Great course, but could have covered the material better. I had to research online for additional information.
please i want to submit again in Peer Review: Installing and Running Python Screen Shots in week 1 but a can't
A difficult course than previous specialization courses, but very interesting if given time and concentration
A well tutored and documented course. kudos to Dr. Chuck for hs teaching style. Am a Chuck Chuck Student now.
The whole specialization is good till now but the API part got a little fast and bit hard to get hold on too
It was hard for me to understand the concepts but still, I got some intro about parsing and getting web data
Great course, I learned a lot. Just that I am not in the field (I am in biology), so not sure how to use it.
Very good Cours. Maybe it could be a little more explanation and exercises, but I can recommend this Cours.
Great for beginners. Would be better if assignments were more challenging. Really had fun while learning :)
The tools used in this courses is pretty outdated. The content is not recommend for real-word application.
The XML and JSON parts are  little bit confusing.Except that everything is all-right. I loved this course.
Dr. chuck is awesome and everyone should enroll for this course, if you are interested in learning python.
I did not like the part about the API. I believe this can be improved further plus the codes used were old
Explanations given by Professor are awesome, and the interviews in the bonus part add stars to the course.
This is a great course, but it could be improved with more challenging examples, assessments, and quizzes.
EXCELLENT!!!Dr.Chuck you are amazing.....Looking forward to enroll into other courses taught by you:):):)
Lack of practice exercises to build you up for the aassignments detracts from an otherwise decent course.
Very good overall - some of the videos are redundant. Some assignments don't push you to think very much.
Maybe I
should study the internet first, as I feel confuse about it after I complete this
python course.
Quite nice course. The atmosphere was very enthusiastic and the stress levels were at a minimum. Thanks!
Sometimes the exams are a little hard, by I think is part of the game, so I'm very glad of this course.
Was a bit hard but made it through.Makes you review and review what you have learned before you get it.
sometime it gets difficult to figure out how to approach a problem. some clear idea should be mentioned
The instructor was really good, overall the course material was good and the assignments were also nice
Good Course, but a Deep Understanding about the Web Services concept is not available from this course.
The teacher allows understand the basic concepts through element examples. It's a great course. Thanks.
Excellent, but there is not to much about XML and JSON because this is a light and introductory course
Great course, Dr Chuck is brilliant. Would have been 5 stars but the assignments are very frustrating.
Nice course . But at a point I felt that there was less explanation and examples for the last 2 weeks
The course was exceptional with a lot of inputs from the instructor, which could be understood easily
Assignments could have been harder. That is most code was as easy as copy paste from sample programs.
i was lost a little bit in the middle of this course but overall it is insightful and useful. thanks
Covers all the important topics of Web data. The explanation was very engaging. Good course. Cheers.
This my favorite course of python on coursera mooc. It is simple and the learning approch is so good
The last assignment was very confusing and the links might not have been updated. It was frustrating
Good teaching, allthough there were lot of material.Some exercises was quit hard and some very easy.
Really interesting course, maybe some higher level exercises are required for a deeper comprehension
Gives you some general idea of accessing web data. Homeworks are pretty easy with his sample codes!
This might still be a bit hard for someone without CS background, but intersting to learn about it.
Great course for those who have learned the basics of Python. Nice video Lectures by the professor.
an amazing course, to make the most out of it you should have a little back ground about networking
It is a good course to play with XML, JSON, SQL, SQLite, Google API, Twitter API etc. using python.
I liked the course overall, but assignments are so easy compared to the material given in lectures.
I enjoyed the first two courses of the specializations a bit more, but still think this was solid.
Basically this course help us to retrieve data from web,xml and json and give us knowledge of API
this was a very nice course. learned a lot of things from it, surely gonna practise those things.
This was a very good course for those who want to learn how to access the data from the websites.
the assignment question are complex to understand as compare to previous courses... over all Good
Skills are useful for accessing web data. Dr Chuck definitely explains the concepts very clearly.
A practical course with easy to understand examples. My only grudge is that it is not on Python3.
Good for learning the basics, includes some neat interviews with people who created the Internet.
Assignments were a bit difficult to be completed with the material explained during the lectures.
Good content and supportive study material and resources like codes are very usefulgreat course.
This course provides some of the basic knowledge of how to use python to interact with internet.
There's in a change in the way of presenting the course. I prefer the previous 2 section though.
good course. Accessing web data is necessary for furthering your career in backend developement
best to be here and learnt some of the most interseting things that can be done by using python
this course is very awesome, you can know a lot about how python can be used to access web data
very helpful and easy to understand. This has given a platform from where you can explore more.
Overall very informative, but some course contents are not sufficient to crack the assignment.
The assignments could've been a bit more complex but the lecture videos were really insightful
The form of presentation in the previous courses (video and slides simultanously) were better.
I learn this class ,the exercise is very easy and do not takes pain to try for it.Just so easy
The course is good, but please make the instructions of each assignments more understandable.
Very good course, although I found it a little bit difficult to understand web data and APIs.
In last two weeks, there are some new knowledge in assignments but not mentioned in lectures.
Tough class to fully understand. Had to read the book in addition to the videos to get it all
Really a nice course! Dr. Chuck makes it easy to use Python to access web data! Thanks a lot!
Well done Professor Chuck and team! thank you once more for this awesome learning experience!
Pretty interesting course, in which I gained a lot of knowledge about access web with Python.
A very well structured course and I have to say Dr.chuck is the best mentor I have ever had.
Useful course for understanding the Python skills as well as the basic principles of the web
This was a easy to follow introduction to some python libraries used to access web services.
including beautifulsoup, parsing html,xml and json. good course of basic level for beginners
The speed of teaching should be appropriate. Its very difficult to follow in few occasions.
I recommend to take this course to all the enthusiast who want to learn and explore PYTHON.
very useful introductory course to web scraping. Requires effort in learning JSON and XML.
I'd like this course to be more difficult and i'd like it to have more practical exercises
very good course for beginner. Simple explanation of the essentials needed for web access.
Great course, great instructor! I've learned a lot, but the assignments are a little easy.
Great course! But on GeoJson google tweaked the url requirments and you would need a key.
It would be great if there were more practice. The theoretical material as always on top.
You should also need to give more information about other languages used in this course.
For beginners, some parts of this course are kind hard. Teachers should think about that
the twitter api part could have been explained betterother part of this course was great
I Did complete the course but i didnt understand some of the codes but i can use them...
Last section on APIs is very confusing, much harder, big leap from the first two courses
great course although a few things seemed to be outside of both the course and the book.
little more information of the supporting programs that we are using should be provided.
Good course.  Nice introduction to  python web tools. Cool explanations.Highly advisable
Lectures felt rushed at times, but otherwise a good, brief overview on a complex topic.
Kept me glued to my laptop. Every graded tool assignment was very interesting to solve.
This course provide good insights working with the networking and web data with python.
Thank you  Coursera for your initiative to make this courses free during this pandemic.
it is confusing, I would suggest a greater approach to python before taking this course
i feel like there could be more details added to "why" and "how".But anyway i liked it.
Some information about json and how its dictionaries and list could be better explained
it is very useful to develop coding skill and using brain to figure out the solutions.
The overall content was good, but the assignment could be a bit more content-oriented.
the final week needs a bit more hands on specific examples to understand the material.
The assignment 2 of week 6 was confusing and the course wasn't quit prepared for that.
Simple and basic intro to Python.  Instructive interviews with Internet personalities.
this is a wonderfull cours i take from it a lot of  information so thank you so much.
Very good overall. However, I feel that the assignment could have been more thorough.
I would have given it full 5 stars if this course would have more real time examples.
Compared with last two courses, this course is a little more difficult to understand.
this course escalated in difficulty quite steeply. but covered some powerful topics.
Very good as most of the courses. However I missed some intro into web applications.
It has been a great course with practical and real life problem solving assignments
Overall great entry-level course to API's, xml and JSON - Dr Chuck is really cool:)
The course is awesome, but I had different expectations about the difficulty level.
Great course for those who are complete beginners! the exercises are a bit too easy
Great class.  I like the pace and I am learning a lot of useful ways to use python.
Great course, but less relevant for me compared with the other ones in the series.
I kind of like this course. the study material is very supportive and exploratory.
Great course, Feel like more time should've been invested into JSON and REST API's
This course was comparatively harder than the other courses of the Specialization
great course...bt i guess i need little bit of practice on those web access codes
Charles did a great job. Very good lecturing.But the course is not a full course.
I don't know I did not understand this course very well I think this is too hard
some of codes syntax is old for assignmet and nevertheless it was a great course
i liked this course but i think some of contents is not useful in technical life
it was a great course , it would have been even better if the examples were more
Delivered in a simple yet effective way. And straight to the point. Useful to me
Nice course !Clearly show us the knowledge and skills of python xml json and etc
Really Nice course. The tutor has really explained the concepts very precisely.
week 6 is weak. Quite a big difference in difficulties between xml,json and API
I've a strong feeling that I might be missing lots of things from this subject.
Useful,but not very deep.Succeeding in giving a general understanding of Python
very very impressive course, learn some interesting coding, concepts everyday !
It was good course to get a basic knowledge about web data access using python
Wonderful lectures, excellent teacher, nice assignments, however bit too easy.
A 5 star for Dr.Chuck' teaching, however, some more problems could be given :)
Course was very good, although pace was fast at the end with API and GeoJason
Awesome starting point for whom wants to know about "web access using python"
I had an issue with the last assignment but the course was very eductational
Nice course ,nicely explain all libraries used for web scraping using python
nice coursegreat thinking with make learners find api key in last assignment
An Introductory Course to relieve your fear while accessing web using Python
This was a challenging course, very well taught by the instructor Dr. Chuck.
Good It would have been nice if explained some more internet terminologies .
A course well worth in taking. But insure you do readings prior to lectures.
Some more exercises for working with json based APIs would have been helpful
It was much harder than the previous two courses. It was like a sudden jump.
A bit hard to understand and many detailed things too general to be ignored.
The course is good for beginners. More advanced things could've been taught.
Thing go deeper but you can also get the feeling i learned something usefull
If this course has given more related reading material, it would be perfect.
It would be much better if the difficulty of programming homework is harder.
a very nice course for beginners and those who want to learn something new.
Really loved this course and the fact that there is a lot of hands-on work.
Great introduction to using techniques in previous course with online data.
Very good, learnt a lot. Would be even better if this also covers Python 3.
very systematic development of the learning happens in this course. Thanks
Good Class, however, individuals need to study hard to catch up the class.
Great introduction course for using Python to access and process web data.
Very engaging and fun. A little too basic with not enough exercise though.
Harder than the first few courses.You have to research a lot on your own.
Week 4 Assignment 2 wording was complicated to follow and very confusing.
Better than the two previous ones, but still lacking. It feels too basic.
It was a good course. Learned a lot. Great teaching style, for beginners.
got grade 40 and not able to upload screenshot again.can anyone help me ?
This is a great class. I thought the course work was fun to work through.
best teacher everthe programming tasks are actually a little bit too easy
Very interesting course. But, so fast. I think it could cover more tools.
I really enjoyed this course and Dr. Chuck.  Can't wait for the next one.
good enough.the descriptions could have been a bit more detailed, but ok
The course is good need some difficult concepts from accessing web data.
Useful information but some of the worked exercises seem to be outdated.
Could have been some more detailed and study material was not much good
i think more practice examples and work should be given in this course.
Little Difficult to solve assignments but Overall Understandable Things
Very good for beginner, but the assignment is easy and not deep enough.
Superbly explained. Maybe there should be a intermidiate level to this.
through this course , you will have a better understanding for web data
This was a good course to learn how to scrape web data and access apis.
Great explanation for the APIs, fetching and parsing the data from web
The later parts including XML, JSON went through too fast and general.
course was interesting and the good platform to gain a good knowledge
Could expand further on web crawling (reading data from tables, etc.)
Great Course!Fine videos and lectures.Good examples.Easy assignments!
It's an easy course, but good to get into more advance python's stuff
Exposed students to various ways to access web data from API and XML
Amazing course!.... But The code should be explained in more detail!
Great course by Dr chuck. Really helped me learn a lot of new things
Lectures are easy to follow, but the homework was a little too easy.
The course gave overview of the chapters. Need more detail lessons.
I've learned a lot in a pretty short span.  Well thought out course
Maybe too easy and too less exercises. The lectures are very clear.
The course is great and it definitely left me wanting more content.
Great introduction on web services, Web APIs and its applications.
Quite hard to grasp at first... But you'll understand in practice.
good course gives you basic level idea about web scraping,Api ,etc
The courses in week 6 is challenging and abstracted. But I made it
I find that the exemples are not always very simple to understand.
I hope we covered requests library to post data to forms here too.
Great course and materials, assignments could be more challenging.
I really like this course. I will recommend this to all beginners.
Needs updating to python 3 and the requests library to get 5 stars
A few glitches in the assignment content, but overall pretty good.
Practical hands-on real life examples, excersises and assignments!
Very wonderful course content and its delivery by the instructor.
Tougher than expected, requires more time to understand concepts.
This course was also very nice and useful, like its predecessors.
Had a great experience learning access to web data using python.
Very succinct and good way of introducing Service architectures.
Felt to difficult to understand at times, but overall I liked it
interesting material on how to use Python to extract data online
Dr. Chuck is very enthusiastic and good at teaching. :) Awesome!
Overall good experience but I am expecting it more challenging.
Tough but to the mark, no stone of knowledge left unturned! : )
Needed some more explaining, especially in the Twitter API part
Compare to the two previous courses, I confuse with this course
Learnt a lot about webservices XML Json regex network sockets .
Good explanations and practical stuff to get data from the web!
Pretty straight forward to do assignments based on sample codes
this course help me to enhance my knowledge in  web devlopment
Some content of lecture in week5,6 can't cover its assignment.
Very helpful topics...Best xml and json parsing lectures ever.
Simple, Concise, kind and fun explanations on web data access.
Nice lessons but the assignments were very easy, no challenge.
This course can be taught in more detail that it is currently
It was good but seem sudden to me to grasp those new concepts
Good, but too many extra videos and quite buggy assignments .
Sort and Very well explained course, I learnt new techniques
Some topics are not explained as well as in courses 1 and 2
Json files should be explained in much better and easy way.
Could've been better with more examples but overall amazing
Interesting  CONTENTBest ExplanationQualitative Assignments
Amazing course, it needs more content and more explanation.
Awesome course and intriguing engaging to scraping the web.
great course to learn how to access web data using python.
all the assignments are similar, hope they were bit unique
Nice course. learn exactly given in description. Thank you
More challenging problems could be given for assignments.
I  great but it will be awesome if projects are included.
Examples can be more complex. Course is very good though.
Excelent course! Very complete and useful. I recommend it
Good course to get some tools to make APi requests easily
I still have a confused feeling of this course's content.
Needs more and more practice to comply with the content.
Well, a bit complex for me. I will do that course again.
Good for first try to make a Web Data Searching Solution
the professor is very good but this course was dificult
Lots of talking, very little coding. Cool stuff though.
It's an ok course. The content is very relevant though
Good to understand basics of web access through python
It made it so easy to learn accessing web data easily.
Really hope to get more detailed practice and courses.
it just could go deeper, but it is a very nice course!
Good as introduction course, but short of deep digging
Great Course. But assingments were to easy to do... :)
The course was really useful and Dr.Charles is superb
Unfortunately it's not supporting arabic in subtitles
pls make the last week explanation in a simple manner
Not as fun as first two courses, but still intresting
Please add 1 more chapter for  more detail about APIs
THE API part could have been a bit more comprehensive
not simple course,but well done you teach well,thanks
Good course, but Explanation about API is not enough.
Nice course very specific and good for start learning
You should provide support for python 2 AND python 3.
Very solid. Good material, and I learned quite a lot.
Very useful as a beginner but not deep in some cases
a good course giving insights for accessing web data
SSL certificates and APIs use part is not that deep.
Thanks to Dr. Charles and team, well formed syllabus
getting more understanding but also more brainstorm.
Excellent course. Needs some more practice material.
something not clearly explained, maybe I was stupid.
Awesome. Though it got too complex towards the end.
Excellent course. I can't believe I get through it.
To easy, but maybe im not the right target audience
Good lectures, good assignments and good professor.
It is a good course for everybody and I love this.
it was great course as an intro to python with web
IT was more challenging than the previous courses.
Very great course... Thank you Prof Dr.Charles ...
Too fast passed but a life changing course indeed!
No programming challenge at all in this. Too easy.
Great course to get you started with web scraping.
Useful stuff. Room for more difficult assignments.
It was a nice experience. Learnt a lot of stuffs.
Maybe some exercises could use better explanation
More examples in this section can be more helpful
It Feels VEry Good Learning Python from Dr.Chucks
Too easy for accessing web data, with many bonus.
I got a basic idea about how to access web data.
Overall Excellent.But somemore clarity is needed
Felt the assignments could less copy-paste-based
Great Work by Dr. Chuck . He is a great teacher.
Everything is simple and clear. Good explanation
A little bit too hard and so much extra reading
The course is well design and easy to follow up
Quite practical for web information retrieving.
simple  but useful, Dr Chuck is a great teacher
more exercise can be given for user practicing
The problems are too easy. Need more problems.
In the 6th week, API should be explained more.
Not too difficult but learned a decent amount.
assignment should be a little more difficult.
Analyzing a Data SourceGood but Overwhelming.
We want some details in lecturings, thank you
the course is not very understandable for me
It's Really a good Course for Pyhton Lovers.
Week 5 & 6 needs some more detailed lectures
Great course, too much on APIs for my liking
Moderately challenging and very interesting.
Great learning Thanks Cousera and Co founder
this course is very helpful I've learnt alot
good course, maybe a bit too rushed and easy
Pretty good. It was only a refresher for me.
Some more explanation would be much helpful
some basic foundation on accessing web data
Great experience for this course especially
Fairly basic, good for first time learners.
Nice course but it needs harder assignments
Excellent, Dr Chuck is an awesome teacher!
This course so hard, but Dr.Chuck so well.
It is  satisfactory.Great value for money.
the best course and exceptional instructor
good overview on web scraping using python
clear and crisp explanations of each topic
overall good.can be improved in some area
thank you Dr.chuck for great explanation.
Good Course, maybe a little bit dificult.
The course is reall good & knowledgable .
Nice content and very useful assignments
Fantastic...need more practical examples
a great course for python web beginners
Good course lots of helpful information
Those codes might be a little outdated.
Good. But found difficult to understand
I learned a lot from this course,thanks
cool instructor with clear explanation.
Fairly basic, but hugely instructional.
you missed the content on REST and SOPA
Great course. I recommend it to anyone
Assignments should be more difficult.
Overall , it was a excellent course .
Great course!! Lots of new material!!
quite difficult because of theory!!!
Bonus videos are good and motivating
Final assignment was very difficult
More difficult, but still very good
More assignments would help us more
Easy to follow , nicely constructed
great course and a great instructor
very useful this course thanks sir
great instructor and good training
Good introduction to web scrapping
it was a good learning experience
the ssl code need more to explain
Very helpful and essential course
The graded assignment was so good
Very interesting and well thought
I like de structure of the course
Nothing short of being excellent!
Good course capturing the basics.
this course is helpful  and easy
Another great course by Dr.Chuck
Nice Course...Thanks to Dr.chuck
Good course to cover the basics
very good content as a begineer
Teach more about web scrawling.
a good course for web scrapping
twitter api was not very clear.
Easy to understand and helpful!
Very useful. Nice presentation.
The difficulty is rising fast.
not so familiar with the codes
i think last week was not good
more clarity on API and OAUTH
A Great course for beginners!
No Video on REST architecture
the prof speaking so quickly
Nice and Informative course.
it was a satisfactory course
Lots of learnings.. Thnk you
Great Course, well teaching.
GO DR Chuck !!!. Good Course
Dr Chuck is a great teacher.
Quite Hard but interesting!
very good explained lessons
Great teaching by Dr.Chuck
little tough for begineers
This Course is Very Useful
web mining is very useful.
This one is little harder
Overall its a good course
Pushes you to your limit.
very attractive course :)
good but sometimes boring
I just love the professor
Great course. Very useful
Could be made more useful
Very well planned course.
This is a nice course :)
Perfectly Understood :))
Very interesting, Thanks
very nice teaching sir!
good for new programmer
Assignments Were Tough
Too good for begineer
the lecture was good.
Assignments are poor.
A little bit too hard
It's good for starter
very useful syllabus,
API content was hard
Thank you Chuck sir!
good course materiel
Decent intro course.
was really helpfull
Totally recommended
Challenging Course
really appreciated
Good intro to APIs
It help me a lot.
a little bit hard
teacher is great
nice easy course
Good informative
was fun learning
course is great
Good course ...
easy but useful
a bit short ...
Loved course.
Knowledgeable
Web Direction
Good course..
Just starting
It's Awesome
It's worth.
Quiet tough
really hard
Really hard
good times!
Good one :)
fast learn
Recommend!
Thank~~
This third course is getting much more difficult than the first two courses, and sometimes I have to "just remember including that code and it will work" instead of understanding the whole thing. This makes it difficult for me to locate my bugs, since I don't know if it's the problem of the logic or the problem of my code structure.The assignments are hard, but they are also easy, because we only need to change a little part of the sample code to get the answers. I don't think it can really challenge students and push us to understand better, because even if I finished all the assignments, I still feel a little confused.But anyway, Dr. Chuck is such a good illustrator as always, and I just hope he can expand a little more so that it can be less confusing.I have a few suggestions:1. Starting from the 2nd course in this series, maybe the first assignment of installing python or posting pictures on forums for students for feedback can be changed into OPTIONAL because most of us who have this course have completed the former courses, and those are repeated workload.2. The assignment sample code for WEEK 5 is wrong! The code provided is for week 6, and that CONFUSED ME A LOT! Please change that asap.3. The assignments can be a little more variable, because although they are difficult enough(regarding students have to understand the concepts), they actually bring little help for students to understand the structures better. We only need to change so little a part in the ending part of the sample code, and it will work.4. Some questions in the quizzes are too tricky and unnecessary for the course material. Like who invented what language? That shouldn't be a thing we should recite. Maybe the quiz questions can focus on more of the understanding of the concepts.Thanks for reading.
Great course. The lectures are clear and thorough. The assignments are challenging yet doable. The only thing I would like is to see more assignments to get more practice with the techniques learned.
Getting a bit more challenging than the earlier courses in the specialization.  The exercises require more struggle, but all the information is there.   Another step along the way.  Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
One of the Great Course on web Data Accessing through Python.Thank you for your friendly teaching method.
Excellent introduction into accessing and scraping web data with Python.Professor Chuck is very good at explaining things and the code snippets provided were just enough to get you started on your own.Previous experience in Python is required. If you are coming from the first four Python for Everyone courses, you will find this one a noticeable step up in difficulty. This course uses Python 2 but I personally did all the code in Python 3 – it's possible, but be prepared to make changes and look up differences in modules between 2 and 3.My co-students were also really helpful on the forums, although the rule not to post your source code makes trouble shooting difficult and laborious.The one thing I found missing was the professor instructing and engaging you more on how to read and make use of documentation. It's a core skill for a programmer! With all the Python modules used in this course (Beautiful Soup, ET, XML, JSON) you are bound to come across situations where reading the documentation will open up many new pathways and enhance your understanding.All in all a fun learning experience. Would recommend. A big thank you to Dr. Chuck & all the visible and invisible staff members who made it possible.
Dr. Charles Severance is by far the best Computer Science professor out there!!!  I've done a significant amount of online Computer Science courses -as well as classroom courses back in college - and not one professor has been as fun and easy to understand as Chuck.  He puts presents every topic in such a way that you're never scared off thinking "i'll never understand this stuff."  He make computers and everything technical make sense.  I've basically binge-watched almost every lecture/course he's headed up.  I've always been a little embarrassed to say I code in Python when talking with professional Developers.  I just thought it was an entry level language with limited capabilities.  Now i'm proud to say i code in Python.  I can't believe i can develop my on web browsers now.He makes learning fun and seems like he's be a really fun guy to get to hang with.  Thanks Dr. Chuck for your love of teaching, you're the best!
The course materials provided are very clear and useful.
Yet another excellent course... My prior reviews were so ravingly positive that I now feel compelled to offer a very minor area of potential improvement:  Dr. Chuck might have considered going a bit deeper into Geojson API and perhaps even done a second API.  Also there were some glitches in the Geojson assignment:  My python Spyder was left frozen a couple times before I got things working.I understand that some students would have complained due to the length of Week 6, but if you requested the simple first assignment completion after the first 10 minutes of video lecture, you could have snuck in two concrete API assignments later on.  Also, you could have had a Week 7 with the second API and alternate Web Access assignments.  In sum, I was left wishing I had a bit more API experience.Nevertheless, I give this class 4.75 stars, which rounds up to the usual 5 stars.  I've completed three of Dr. Chuck's classes and I'm on the fourth.  Dr. Chuck is the incarnation of the super MOOC professor.  Long live Dr. Chuck!
Disclaimer: If you're taking the Python for Everybody Specialization, I HIGHLY suggest starting the Python 3 Programming Specialization (also University of Michigan) after completing the first two courses. Get to Week 2 of Course 1 in that specialization and then start Course 3 of Python for Everybody.I really appreciate the University of Michigan and the staff involved in providing these courses.I completed the first two courses of Python for Everybody and started the Python 3 Programming Specialization (another University of Michigan specialization) before taking this course.Unlike the first two courses in this specialization, I do not feel like I've committed the code to memory. Especially when it comes to XML. I can comfortably talk someone through the steps of working with XML/JSON, but would likely need to look up the syntax to code it (which I hope was the intention of the course).
The course teaches the basics of how to interact with the internet using Python. The course is simple, well explained, has great interviews with people who were part of the creation of the internet.
Professor Severance is awesome. I really like how each video is an in-depth look at a specific example and that he tells you what to ignore and when. I think his sense of what's important is spot on as I've already started to apply some of his lessons to personal work and find that as I work through personal projects, the next question I have is usually covered in the next lecture or soon thereafter. The videos build on one another in a very coherent manner and the assignments are applicable to what you learned. I think the assignments could be a little more challenging and that more references to the book should be included in the lectures as the book is also very helpful and a great primer for each week's material, especially when it comes to understanding parsing XML and JSON more. I think more chapters on this in the book could be very helpful though.
This course was really interesting and did a good job introducing complicated topics in usefully simplified form. It was a pleasure to listen to the instructor and I got everything I wanted out of it.
It's not that easy like previous two courses. But I'm glad that I had a little bit idea about regular expressions, networking, xml and REST before starting this course.
I just finished Using Python to Access Web Data, which is the third (3rd) course in the Python for Everybody specialization. The course wasn't so easy as the previous courses in the specialization as I had to spend more time debugging and practicing, nevertheless, it was lot more fun. Completing and learning the coursework in this course would definitely have been impossible without the Python for Everybody team which includes the good Dr.Chuck and the mentors. There are many things I liked in this course. The discussion forums were great, the videos and slides were really cool and the mentors did great stuff like checking your code for you and other good stuffs. Becoming a programmer is subject to many constraints and the chiefest of this is the need for mentor-ship and the Python for Everybody team understands this so well.There is just one flaw. I recommend more sample projects, more course work , more content, and more work files but this would make the course boring, last much more longer and nobody wants to grow grey hair learning python. The best way to take care of this might be to introduce an additional course. Notwithstanding,I give this course a 5-star rating and recommend it to anyone who has a thing for python and who has a good understanding of its syntax and data structures covered in the previous courses of the specialization.
This was a great learning experience. It was tough but in the end, you feel satisfied that you worked hard and your efforts paid off. Dr. Chuck is a great teacher, content creator and an inspiring technologist. I really enjoyed, apart from the core course content, his interviews of original creators such as the WWW, JSON, at the CERN centre etc. It helped me understand and empathise with myself when I found it difficult to grasp certain concepts. I have one complaint though. The teaching staff (especially one Ms Tamara Brunnock) are nasty, rude towards beginner students like me and others. The discussion forums should be a courteous place to exchange thoughts and reveal your ignorances. However these teaching staff bully students with rhetorical questions. I don't know why they are teaching staff if they don't love the subject, love teaching and love interacting with students. I got zero value addition through these discussion forums. In some of these forums, there are external freelancers who help you out and that is the only help you get. Beyond all this quibbling, Dr. Chuck is a great instructor and my computer knowledge is solely thanks to him.
This has been an excellant designed course for everyone who is interested to become part of python  programming course.
Dr. Chuck has been an expectional trainer throught out the course material and his method of explainning the slides while parallely informing that this particular content would help you resolve the 'Grade Exrecise' later down the course is simply awesome.
Once you finish the course,you would definately be in a position to understand  from simple to medium complexity python programs.I would like to add one smart trick here "speciality of the course and explanation is the number of times you browse through the video material,more you will increase your understanding for that particular topic.
I can't thanks coursera and Dr. chuck enough to help people learning python so effectively and efficiently and making us build python community.
I began learning Python with this course. With absolutely no prior knowledge of or experience in Python (except lots of curiosity), I came across the first two courses on Coursera.org and loved Dr Charles' videos. It's a well structured course, especially if you have just started learning about Python and wish to build your skills more practically than by mere reading of numerous resources. There are plenty of resources that Dr Chuck (as he is fondly referred to by his students) offers in the duration of the course. I especially enjoy the bonus videos that accompany this course. They really help increase your knowledge base and urge you to know and be better and try your hand at various things. I'm glad I decided to pursue the entire specialization offered by University of Michigan, and it is all thanks to Dr. Chuck!
This is a wonderful course and a great tool to learn Python along with some obtaining some fundamental information about the Internet.The video lectures are very clear and accompanied by slides which elaborate the discussed topics. The course also presents a lot of bonus material including interviews. I love the lecturer who gives excellent explanations. My favourite moment was when after explaining the topic about the structure of the internet by a chart Dr. Charles Severance paused for a moment and breathed out heavily and said: "Actually it is easier (the topic) than it sounds". But, of course, his explanations were perfect, he is just passionate about transmitting the information to the students in the easiest to understand manner.And I have to say he succeeds admirably.Overall, I highly recommend this course
The course was rich and I learned so many things about web scraping, some regular expressions,parsing html, accessing web data and extracting information from the web, how data is exchanged between different softwares across the web and how to manipulate and parse this data if it was xml or JSON, and a brief introduction to service oriented architecture and what's an API and how to use APIs in your application to add a certain feature.As always, Dr-Chuck is a great and an engaging instructor and I enjoy his lectures so much!The only thing that I wished was more clear when I began this course is the exact curriculum and the exact skills that the learner should have by the end of it. I had to do a lot of researching and to thoroughly study the text book to achieve that. Other than that everything was 10/10!
This course is a good introduction to various aspects of web data. It's a pretty broad overview, so no one topic gets too much focus, but I feel much more informed about working with data from various web sources—how you get it, how it's formatted, and how to work with it once you've retrieved it. Dr. Chuck is a great teacher, and the assignments help you understand the material covered in the lectures through some hands-on work. One downside to this course as compared to the previous courses in the series is that the assignments seemed to involve more direct copying of example code, and less problem solving, which means it was harder to feel that I'd really mastered the techniques. That said, the materials provided are good examples and I'm sure I'll return to them in the future.
The comments from other students about this being maddening and difficult are fair.  There's a lot of arcane stuff in the commands needed to simply set up a connection and there are several places where it's not always clear how to get some code running (eg, twurl, oauth).  Two responses that still make the five star rating make sense:  1) the forum was actually pretty helpful in getting through some of the problems; and 2) learning how to solve problems by poking around and experimenting is part of what we need to learn.  Finally, I think the whole thing of how do you address individual elements of something returned - JSON or XML - should be a bit of a struggle.  Forced me to think, work through things on paper, and I've learned some debugging techniques.
First, thank you Dr. Chuck for the well-designed class.Here are a few things that may help improve this class:first, it might make more sense if you introduce python class or object first, then the package and method and return type will make more sense.second, it could include more coding for scraping on the web, the examples are very limited(well, ok I understand this is a pretty introductory course....)Last, for those who use python3, there are many thinks you should notice to make ur code work, such as from bs4 import BeautifulSoup, also notice the urllib has been split so you should import urllib.request and urllib.parse, also for those return value as byte, use decode('utf8') to convert it to strings, otherwise it will cause a lot of trouble in json
As I mentioned in the previous reviews about this Specialisation, all these courses are meant for beginners without previous programming experience and the difficulty of courses rises gradually.Thus, the first course was a real piece of cake, second got a little tougher and this one is the first course that really took me some time to finish it. This time I really had to listen to some lectures twice, to debug my code a hell lot of times and to stick to the sample code a lot.Students, who have programming experience might still think that this course is too slow and easy, but it is a great way for the beginner to learn python.To sum up: great course, uprising difficulties, recommend enrolling after finishing previous courses. 10/10
People use Python for many purposes: to make games, build web services, to solve business problems, to work with sensors, drivers and robots. Python is also used heavily in scientific fields for academic research and applied work. 


Python is an incredibly efficient language: your programs will do more 
in fewer lines of code than many other languages would require. 


Py4inf and Python explained by C. Servance, is a great developing of the foundations in programming (first two courses) that will serve you well for the rest of your life, as well as a course that will give you a sort of try to understanding of what great things python can do for you.I strongly recommend this course for anybody, who wants to start with informatics.
This is an excellent course. Its level, its intensity, and the assignments are appropriate for people who knew nothing about programming and whose knowledge derives from the courses in this specialization. For students with this background, the time taken to read the material, watch the videos, and prepare the assignments exceeds that advertised in the course, especially the time to complete the assignments. To complete the assignment one needs to master the material and that takes time, more than to understand it, which is easy to do. The information on time spent should be corrected. I have learned much in the three courses taken so far, and expect to continue learning in the remaining two courses in the specialization.
While Course 3 is significantly more challenging and technical than Courses 1 and 2 from the Python specialization, I found this to be the first time I truly felt that my Python knowledge was practically applied. Although parsing local text files is fine, one of my main goals with Python was learning to use it to interface with APIs in a seamless manner. I was also very curious as to how web scraping is actually performed, and I'm proud to say that I finally learned how it works. This course is very valuable for anyone who feels everything they've learned in Python up until this point is highly theoretical and indispensable for anyone looking to apply their Python knowledge in a professional environment.
The quality of this Coursera specialization continues. Lots of great information about networks and how to interact with them. My interest is definitely piqued for Dr. Chuck's book, "Introduction to Networking" and course "Internet History, Technology, and Security". The programming assignments continue to be straight forward and rewarding.  As others have mentioned, the content can be a bit more challenging and technical with slightly less focus on Python than the previous py4e courses.  However, the information provides great understanding on how to interact with the internet through Python which is a very common application.  It's worth it if you're up for the challenge!
Dr. Chuck again does not disappoint.  This class gets into the nitty gritty of web scraping using html, xml, JSON and APIs such as Google geo and Twitter.  A lot of the framework is given to you in the sample code, but the trick is modifying the code for the specific task they give you, so reading the book chapter and paying close attention in the lectures to how each format is structured will help you.  Also use the forum if you need to--if you have already programmed before and sailed through the first two classes in the specialization, this class may surprise you with its increased rigor but once again Dr. Chuck and his staff on the forum will get you up to speed.
Excellent course, I highly recommend it. Ch. Severance is an excellent instructor, I must have said it already twice, but I can still say it again!This course didn't make me an expert in accessing Web data, but tought me basic knowledge of what Web Services are and how to work with them in Python. Before, I have heard a bit about these concepts, but I was reluctant to using them because I didn't understand what they actually were. Now, I'm way more confident about this, and I know I'd happily delve into more advanced tutorials or courses on this topic if I needed to. This is the best profit I made from this course. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck, see you in a next course!
As the two first courses in the "Python for Everyone Specialization", this course is great. I had never done any programming in retrieving data from the web before and it was really fun being capable of learning and doing it.
However, since the lecture videos exploit a lot of the API set ups for Google and Twitter services, I expected assignments would demand these kind of things.  On the other hand, as it is a begginer's course, I thought extremely useful as my first contact in retrieving data in different formats (html, xml, json) and in understanding what an API is. 
Once again, thanks for Professor Severance and all the staff supporting this specialization!
I have got a very handsome introduction to the regular expressions , web services and API . The lectures are very easy to follow. It is better to answer the quizzes right after watching the vdo lectures. The questions are mostly from what has been described in the lecture. The assignments are a little more insightful. May require basic google searches to acquire knowledge of accessing the data structures. The assignments addresses rudimentary practical problems but very substantial for starters in this field of programming. Thanks to Dr Chuck. The course is very well organized and have materials to hold the attention of the person who is following the lectures.
This course is a really good head start to know more about the web and how to parse data from the web.Dr. Chuck explained all the details very well and the assignments are comprehensive. In the initial weeks, the assignments are simple and not so complicated, but as the course advances, you will spend hours to figure out the assignment. At times this is often frustrating but once you get the final answer correct, the accomplishment makes you very happy.I really loved the course and would be looking for other material online to get a deeper knowledge on this subject.  Apart from that, I will definitely enroll in all other courses under this specialization.
Great instructor, great class, and very easy to follow. I learned a LOT!My only critique, is that many times when I am trying to fully understand how some code works within the presentation, the presentation will suddenly show the instructor speaking briefly, and then go back to the code. We don't need to see Steve. When he's trying to explain how code works during the presentation, just show the code. This allows me to understand what's going on while he's still speaking. Otherwise I need to pause the video, and by that point I'm no longer focused on what he was talking about.Otherwise, this course is near perfect, and I've learned a ton from it. Thanks
Amazingly excellent course. Many thanks for Dr. Chuck for creating that. Everything explained very well, enabling doing simple steps to quickly achieving results. For those who alreay know some programming I would really recommend starting from this course and skipping the first 2 courses. Skipping means it's better to read the first 10 chapters Dr. Chucks's book through and start this course right after that. It will save your time allowing not ot do too simple tasks but just read about the Python syntax. The course is also great because of Dr. Chuck's talent to explaing everything with fun and ease. Definitely 6 stars out of 5 for the course!
This is not another general Python course which leaves you with an 'idea' of what can be done and you struggle to actually do it. This course is in fact giving you all the relevant tools you need and leaves you with a set of practical skills allowing you to write Python codes to extract Web Data that can be used for further analysis. Creating a web browser, screen scraping, parsing XML, or JSON are among the actual skills you're getting and this is all possible thanks to the first class lectures and materials provided by Dr. Chuck. He has a particular talent and desire to teach and explain things to you so you will understand them for good.
I have enjoyed learning about how I can use Python to retrieve information about websites using its JSON and XML data. I had prior knowledge of Python and Data from my data science experience therefore I think that the assignments where pretty easy to complete. I was expecting a bit harder assignments that would challenge me. The quizzes were just enough to test your knowledge about the material. I had to go through my notes before starting a quiz. Now I will challenge myself with the knowledge I have received from this course. Thank you Dr. Chuck , University of Michigan and Coursera for providing Using Python to Access Web Data course.
I am really grateful to the instructors especially Tamara ma'am. They have never let your morale down and keep boosting your confidence and skills. Whenever I was in trouble, those daily tips for solving the assignment always lead you to your goal closer and closer one at a time instead of giving all the hints at once for helping us understand the contents of the course. And truly I became one of Dr Chuck's fans. I was in awe of his teaching skills and it was good to hear his lectures and explaining hard concepts in a pretty satirical way.Thank you so much and I hope that Dr.Chuck and the teaching staff have seen my appreciation message.
Dr. Chuck Severance is an excellent teacher.  Between his book and the video lectures, I feel 100% comfortable with the material.  Granted, this is still a broad overview and we didn't dive too deep (this is a good thing) into REGEX, XML, JSON, along with different libraries (urllib, beautiful soup, etc) but I'm no longer intimidated by the terms and have a great understanding of at least what they are and why there are used.  This class is a great foundation upon which one can build with further study.  I'm looking forward to finishing the database course and then continuing on the next Python Data Science track offered by UMich.
I absolutely loooooooove Charles. His teaching style is so clean and concise, this is clearly his divine purpose in life. The order in which the information is presented is perfect, I feel like I am finally able to make sense of how my computer actually works and does stuff on a daily basis. His passion for this material definitely translates in every lecture, which makes me excited for each new topic. I love the visualizations he includes or draws because it really gives me a grasp of how a program is working as we progress through each component of the program.  I wish he taught the data science course too.  Thank you Charles!
The last week may turn out to be a bit harder than the rest and people might find it a bit more difficult than the previous courses but the devil is in the details. The are a lot of minute details that demand your attention and require to be learnt, because if you somehow miss these details or overlook the little important things, it'll become far harder to finish the assignments and weekly quizzes. As for me the simple sequence of parameters in an url was the difference between the wrong answer and the right. You'll learn a lot of stuff that requires detailed attention, every part will be requiring a lot of focus.
Dr. Chuck is an exceptionally-inspiring teacher. He explains complex concepts like XML, JSON, HTTP, API, RegEx in such an eloquent and down-to-earth fashion that despite having the videos at x2.0 speed, I can grasp everything he tries to deliver. Amazing! This course, and many other Dr. Chuck's courses, are really how online courses should be. Excellent instructor, fair share of hands-on programming assignments.However, I just hope that there are many more programming assignments, maybe many optional challenging, extensive programming assignments or even projects would be an ultimate Coursera experience.
There are times in this course when you would want to go and hug Dr Chuck for making it so simple and easy to understand few of the most complex concepts in language and specially for people having no prior knowledge of the subject. One gets this feeling quite often  "keep going, you can do this, its easy". Also, this will be my first ever course on coursera that I'll complete and not just leave in the middle because this is how an online course should be - doesn't waste time, has condense information in every minute of the video lectures and stays true to topics without going under/overboard.
The course
content is excellent.  The way of
teaching of the great Dr Chuck is very engaging. This is the third course I have
taken under him and surely, he is one of the best teachers I ever had. He
breaks down the contents into nice little pieces and presses one those areas
which are important. The assignments are a bit challenging compared to the previous
two courses and encompasses everything that are thought in the course. The bonus
contents are awesome and love watching them after doing the assignments. Overall,
as a great learning experience with Dr Chuck as it always will be.
Howdy all. I'm not
  engineer, not programmer. I'm a beginner of programming, so i have small
  experience of passing courses. But i think, this course needs more
  assignments in programming to consolidate every theory in our minds,
  assignments with different levels of difficulty, including assignments with
  less amount of prompts.P.S. maybe for some beginners this course
  very hard, but i think that it isn't easy mostly for many people, when you
  learning something new in your life. Learning how to find needed information in internet is great experience ;)
I'm not exactly new to python, but my typical use-cases looked more like hacking rather then conscious programming. Said all this, I've found the first block - introduction to Python, to be very basic and slow paced, but starting from the Web it is all good stuff only.It deserves to become one of the coursera classics. Great combination of pedagogical talent, humor an knowledge of the subject. It also tremendously helps that the course is backed by the book so it is always possible to look back for that "Introduction to Python" part, that I've skipped ;)
I've taken a number of courses on Python through Coursera and this was the first course that I was able to follow through to completion, and I believe that is a combination of Dr. Chucks teaching style, and the activities he uses to convey the information. It was amazing to learn about things like using APIs and mixing python with Databases in a way I could  understand at my level of programming knowledge, and it enabled me to start thinking about my own projects in a completely new way. I'm really looking forward to completing the capstone project.
This course has been a Godsend to me. I was so confused about so many things and all the other resources I could find out there just assumed that I knew things about which I was, in fact, clueless. I got the book and watched a lot of the lectures twice but in the end I really feel like I got it. The assignments were manageable and doable after the course lectures and I have gone back and done a number of them over again to solidify things in my mind. I feel like the web is my friend now, not  a source of cheap tricks and booby traps. Thanks!
While I'm an experienced programmer I'm relatively new to Python and had never done anything with either XML or JSON before this course. Yet here I am understanding it all and successfully doing genuinely useful things with them in Python.There can't be that many courses that can get a beginner useful in just six sets of lessons. Novice programmers should take this at the recommended pace and do not move on until you have 100% on all assessment items. Experienced programmers should be able to complete this in a couple of days. I did. :)
I am totally new to programming. I have experience working in a technical environment and have a lot to do with IT in my daily job, but I wanted to learn something new. I madedifferent attempts to learn to programm, but all of them failed. Now, I have been doing the whole module of Python for Everybody (5 courses) and I am enjoying it a lot. Lectures by Dr Chuck are really insporational, well prepared andeasy to understand to a person who does not have any experience with programming.I am becoming more and more involved into python:).
I think this course is a really good overview of how to use Python to retrieve web data using the two most common data interchange formats: XML and JSON.  Not only that, but you also get a brief yet good introduction to what XML and JSON are, as well as the basics of network communication and regular expressions.  I was hoping the assignments would be a bit more challenging, but the free textbook provides additional exercises to practice with.  As always, Dr. Chuck's style helps makes this course (and his other ones) a great one.
I learnt Python with the introductory course "Programming for Everybody". Then, I completed this course and it added a whole lot of tools to my knowledge. It is amazing how much you can accomplish in such a short course. The assignments are very well oriented, so by basically modifying the code you wrote for this class you can already do a lot. It also gives you a very good basic knowledge about web programming, so you can now understand and interpret many things and concepts you are seeing all the time. I recommend it a lot.
This course is like the cheery on the top. It makes you use the web data , you will learn about retrieving the html, xml pages and you can even search for any particular element and also can add up any element from the source page. The best part is in the last week of this course, where it teaches about how you can use APIs of googlemaps, twitter . At the end you will be able to write a program of 30 lines to just take input of any location(even some parts of it) and it will give you back complete info about it. Loving it:)
Dr. Chuck  is an expert and an efficient teacher of the course. However for me his lectures were sometimes pretty fast when I had difficulty following him and its very normal in a online course. I faced difficulty mainly in the week 4 and week 5  specially webpage parsing using xmlTree where I took longer time then normal.  However Teaching staff from the course patiently provided suggestion for correctly solving the problems. Thanks are due to both University of Michigan and  Courera  for arranging Dr. Chucks courses.
Great course all around, truly feel like I learned a lot! Really appreciate how Dr. Chuck takes concepts and topics that could easily get mixed up or "over-thought" (my bad habit haha) and orders them in a way that flows well and makes sense to the relative rookie like myself. Thanks so much for making someone who used to think he'd never be able to code feel like "Hey I can do this stuff!" It will make a huge difference in my career and my personal confidence. Please keep making great courses! =) - Kind regards, Derek
This is the 3rd course of the Python specialisation that I've completed from Coursera and taught by Dr. Charles Severance. This one was far-most the most teaching centred of all the three, and now I feel I've a good command on python to write my own back to intermediate programme. I even built an Instagram video downloader with the knowledge I gathered from this course.And as always, Dr. Chuck is a really interesting instructor, plus his website is the perfect place you could simulate your learnings.Happy learning!
The Teacher made me thirsty of more work. Especially in the last chapter, I was looking for more challenging work. The way the assignment was designed and the topics were taught made me think, the assignment for the last week was quite easier and I was expecting something more challenging. This proves the beauty of this class. I wish I have a trainer like this always with me, at least as long as I cannot go out and look for work myself.Thanks a million to Dr. Charles Severance. This is a very positive experience.
Good initial overview to the topic. Most code is actually provided to the student, preventing deeper learning via trial & error.  However, it is a tradeoff of making the course accessible to a large number of students versus being too challenging and preventing newcomers from enjoying the subject.  Dr. Severance is excellent -- entertaining and clearly very knowledgable.  For any novice programmers looking to understand how Python can be used to access the web and scrape its data, this is the best place to start.
This is the 3rd course of the "Python for Everybody" specialisation in Coursera.While the first 2 courses were too easy, I found that things started to get more interesting with this one. We learn about Webservices, XML and JSON manipulation and web scraping with Python. The level is still easy but the teacher is engaging and the code examples are well done. With some imagination, one can easily reuse this knowledge and go to the next level.This is a good course to learn the basis of web services with Python.
Excellent course as the previous Python for Everybody
courses I have taken before. It gave good understanding on how programming
languages interact with web services. On top of this it gives good introduction
to API. Examples and assignments really help not only to get theory, but ho to
use the knowledge in practice. In addition this helps better to remember the materials
of the course. Great initiative and really good introduction to programming
which could help to take more advanced courses in data science.
This is a very good course. My goal from this course was to get knowledge about using python to extract data from websites and apis. I come with a business intelligence background and I found this course very useful and is definitely going to add value in my career. The professor was great and it was a pleasure to watch his videos and hear his knowledge. I will recommend this course to anyone who is interested in making use of a beautiful language (-Python) to extract data from the internet. FIVE STAR
I took the Python Specialization, which included this course, so I'm going to provide the same review for each of the component courses.
I think this is an excellent course for beginning programmers. Python is a great language for someone starting out - easy to learn - with a lot of power available for more advanced projects (e.g., machine learning).But, most of all, you have to love Dr. Serverance. I can't think of a more entertaining and enjoyable person to teach programming. Thanks, Dr. Chuck.
Wonderful course, the way Chuck explains it is the cherry on the cake that makes all the specialisation even more valuable. The content itself is really useful and a good starting point for projects that require the use of APIs. If something I wish there was a video explaining how to understand the "def augment" that Dr-Chuck did, referring to the "oAuth.py" of the twitter API but overall I'm really happy with all I've learnt and I would definitely recommend this to all curious people out there.
Awesome.Truly awesome.Professor Severance (a.k.a. 'Dr Chuck') is an amazing teacher, explaining the content in a clear yet engaging way - truth is, it gives the impression of being a wonderful human being tout-court. The coding exercises are very well crafted, and show how to use tiny Python snippets to carry out heavy tasks.So if you've never really sat down to learn regexes, or if you want to have a minimal web crawler/scraper running in less than one hour, this class might be your cup of tea.
Dr. Chuck's courses are great!! I am enjoying them immensely. I had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Chuck in person. He is personable and engaging. Take the chance to meet him if he hosts live office hours near you. These Cousera MOOCs are easy to navigate and provide a wealth of valuable material for people at all levels. The first assignment of week 6 was the hardest yet, but following Dr. Chuck's lectures and with the help of some very wise mentors and tutors the code problems are easily solved.
It was really helpful. I have 18 years of software development experience, but never learnt python and after going through this course, I could understand the power of it and how it can be used. I could learn the concepts very well and of course had to google to refresh myself, but its well organized and put together in a way we can learn easier and faster.Thanks to Dr Chuck. Sometimes your comedy was above and beyond, but at the end of the day, it was a good course and learned quite a bit.
Absolutely a MUST for anyone looking for a smooth intro into APIs, HTTP requests, and data exchange on the web. As always, Dr. Charles' magnificent pedagogy will guide you step by step up to the point where you will be sending requests and fetching data from your Twitter account. Create one if yo do not have it yet. :-)
It will be absolutely beneficial to update this course to discuss the Twitter library available in Python, wish is far easier to use than the currently explained method.
Great course.  A lot of fun!.  I'm a finance guy that knew a little bit about data structure only in MS Access that could modify the sql in there a little bit.  I figured I could use the quarantine to learn something new at night and on the weekends.I started the first class to get an understanding of python so I could take the statistics classes with python.  Decided to try and finish out the specialization first.  Glad I did.  On to the next...Thanks Dr. Chuck and support team!
I like this course, but for me it was a little bit harder to understand some basic stuff. Ie, in JSON for me was confusing to hear "a list of dictionaries". Furthermore I didn't know what kind of operations I need to apply to them -- therefore I was checking for types of integers and even "brute forcing" a combinations of  possible operations. As I have finished this course, I'l definitely check again previous chapters to build a better fundamentals in my head.Thank you dr Chuck!
Like the first two courses from Python for Everybody specialization, I liked it so much. The material is excellent, Dr. Chuck is clear while he is explaining the concepts and all the codes through the classes. But, in this third course, we saw contents like regular expressions and how to extract and use web data in Python, which are more complex than all the contents of the first two courses. So, because of that, I think this course could have more exercises for us to practice.
It's more about width rather than depth in this course because learning and using all of the skill in accessing and processing web data through python needs to spend far more time than this. Still this course provides me a good start and a broad understanding of what's going on with areas such as regular expression, XML, Json, API and python's connection with them. I even got some skill and code in my computer to do some tricky operation on the web with python and it is good.
This course is great! After reading some of the other reviews I think 
some people missed the point, some said that the course was too 
difficult but I disagree, the level of difficulty was perfect, Dr. Chuck
 thought you enough to be able to complete the assignments as long as 
you really tried and not so much that you would just need to copy and 
paste the answer from the lectures. I loved this course and I'll 
continue to take the next one in the coursera specialization.
Man, I love Dr Chuck! He explains things in a way that's incredibly easy for anyone to understand. I finished the course in just a couple of days as I'm already quite familiar with Python and most of the stuff and just wanted to use the course as a refresher and checked see if there's any knowledge point that I was missing, but this course is awesome and I recommend it to anyone who's new to getting data from the web! I think I'll take all Dr Chuck's courses in the future!
I'm very happy that people like you guys are doing this awesome project which is free teaching.I loved the course from Dr Chuck, and I learned a lot in this one, about playing and analyzing data in its globality. I also learn how data travel through the Internet, and I was captivated by all the process a Data has to do to be read by a user. Overall this course is fascinating, and a big thank you to Dr Chuck & All the staff that make this course possible. I love you all.
Great class. Goes over the basics of pulling data from online sources: HTML, XML, JSON. Also goes over the basics of those 3 so if you know nothing about those, the class is helpful. Coming from knowing literally zero about Python and starting from course 1, this is the first course out of the specialization where the assignments were a little tougher and took some googling. (PS I'm using Python 3, so it may be a little more straight forward with 2, I'm not sure though)
This was excellent course. It was the 3rd one I took under Python for Everybody. The first 2 were easy, probably since i already knew Python basics. The assignments in this one truly tested my understanding of the topics covered. I had to go back to videos to second time, before I could start on the assignments. Before starting, I was completely new to data formats XML and jSON. Prof Chuck, explained the concepts very well, starting with basics, and building up nicely.
I am very much thankful to the university and to the professor Dr Charles Severance  for offering this beautiful course.Such an amazing and adorning course which helps you to understand Python right from the basics to the core  with much clear and deep understanding.The important thing is professor makes the concept very simple so that we easily put that into programming syntax.Thank much for Teaching Assistant also for guiding us in exploring our program much deeper.
I'm very gratefull for you allow me to free enroll the course . When I finished the previous course from the Naijin University I need to improve my skills in managing web pages with Python and the course "Using Python to Access Web Data" is absolutely suited for this purpose.Again, thank you, and I may say it  is very nice this "anglo" kind of teaching. The assignments are perfect for consolidate the knowledge.Congratulations four your course and sorry for my english.
Third one down in the specialization and still loving the courses. I quite enjoy the fact that the assignments are not given to us step by step but instead make us think through what is required.  The lectures provide the basics needed to complete the assignment but you have to understand and extrapolate on the basics provided. Still very motivated so far. The next course is the main reason I enrolled in this class, getting to play with databases. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Extremely good explanations as all courses in the specialization (sometimes much too well explained, as the course targets complete beginners). Additionally, it provides a lot of value by effectively stringing a series on mini courses on specific standard Python libraries, which is something not found everywhere:* the regular expressions library* libraries for web communication (socket and urllib) * parsing HTML (beautiful soup)* data transfer libraries (XML and JSON)
I just finished Using" Python to Access Web Data", which is the 3rd course in the Python for Everybody specialization.The course wasn't so easy as the previous courses in the specialization as I had to spend more time debugging and practicing.This course will show how one can treat the Internet as a source of data. We will scrape, parse, and read web data as well as access data using webAPIs. We will also work with HTML, XML, and JSON data formats in Python.
If you are a newbie who has no knowledge in this particular area of programming , you will be surprised to know the fact that the more you try to eagerly learn this subject, the less you have confidence in this. However, as I have gone through this course, I have realized one thing that it is worth try, and you will never regret what you have done or will do in the forthcoming journey that you will one day face. Hope you do not ever give up. Sincerely,
This was an excellent introductory course to accessing web data. Almost all of the concepts (aside from basic python syntax) were entirely new to me, and this has primed me for when I encounter these subjects in the future.  Pros: encompasses many ideas that are important and introduces key conceptsCons: I'm not positive I can derive most of the codes I wrote on my own, but rather relied on editing sample code to make the assignment submissions work.
I personally found Doctor Chuck's thorough approach to be very beginner-friendly. This is an absolute gem of a course for the budding programmers out there who want an insight into the computer networking functionality, serialization and deserialization of data. It is appropriately paced for learning how to parse webpages and interact with APIs. All in all, I'd recommend this course for everyone beginning with scraping webpages. Thank you Coursera!
Extremely useful exercises in pulling data down and getting it ready to process within python.  Very nice (and refreshing realistic) that the programming assignments were of the form "modify this existing code to do something new with this different data source" rather than "build something new from scratch".  No academic hangups about the paedogogical value of building something from the ground up.  And Dr. Chuck is a wonderfully engaging teacher.
This was my 3rd course in the specialization series and was it a blast. I really liked how the things quickly went from 'Oh I can count numbers in a text file without any tracebacks' to 'Oh I can count numbers from a json file which is on web and has dictionaries with lists in them which have dictionaries in them too'Really liked the pacing, the new assignments style, and of course the man, the legend DR. CHUCK. Overall this course was a blast.
Yet another educational, interesting and very much enjoyable course about Python, led by Dr. Chuck. Finding myself occasionally smiling to the laptop while looking at a Python tutorial really says it all.The content chosen for the course as well as the way the content is taught - it is really something to appreciate. Thank you Dr. Chuck, for sharing your talent to teach with the rest of us.Using Databases with Python - here i come! Thank you.
Great course that taught me from the basic operations to APIs where I can scrape data from the web with a small automation python script. The instructor is very talented and his choice of words during the class is like a sculptor who removes unwanted parts of a sculpture. Sharp and crystal clear explanation about concepts that are easily understandable by the beginner. I highly recommend this course to the Python beginners and intermediates.
I loved learning with coursera especially in the time time of pandemic(COVID-19) where the whole world was shutdown and people were forced to live at their home for their own safety.In these hard times students were free at their home and bored and have nothing much to do but coursera gave an oppurtunity to all the stuents in the world to learn for free esoecially for college going student.So i am having a great time here with DR.Chuck
this course given me a really ass data.......thankyou for the people of univ of michigan....and courseera for providing like this platform to learn and also i would like to request you to provide a bonus video like how to get a API key and all other stuff  from twitter or something else from scratch......i mean pls make a video that how to create developer account and what are the required steps to get an API keythank you once again
Dr. Chuck is a brilliant teacher. The Python for Everybody Specialization is perfect for absolute beginners. Between the video lectures and the textbook, I was able to practice each concept until it made sense to me. I have absorbed a phenomenal amount of vocabulary without feeling overwhelmed. Dr. Chuck has boosted my confidence that I can learn this new skill, enjoy every moment of the process and... dare I suggest... get a job!
This course was awesome. Dr. Chuck is by far, the best professor I've yet to come across, and the only one who taught in a way that I could comprehend. He makes the material easy and fun to understand, without too much hand-holding. I feel confident enough to complete assignments without feeling like I'm just parroting code and not learning anything. These courses are awesome and I can't wait to see what he's going to offer next.
I definitely recommend to anyone interested in python programming to
consider take this course with Dr Chuck. It starts from the basic and become a
bit challenging and it is enjoyable whiles you start projecting in ways to use
it. I am looking forward to continue learning and be prepared to apply it in my
work. Thank you Dr Chuck, the way you teach and interest to integrate student
from around the world is very much appreciated.
The professor does a great job of explaining the content in an easily understandable way and is very practical. The assignments require very minimal adjustments to sample code from the lessons so this is far easier than a typical course or say the EdX MIT intro to python course. I came in feeling comfortable in rudimentary python and leave now feeling a lot more prepared to use those skills manipulating the web and calling APIs.
I was sitting behind a proxy server while taking the whole course, I had to get connected to other network without proxy to perform many assignment... It took me some time to realize that urllib can handle proxy server simple by setting an environmental variable. It would be better if Dr. Chuck can give a gist on how to get past proxy in upcoming sessions.Wrote a crawler and quite often it gets locked up in some kind of error.
Well explained course offering a very good intro into using python to access web data. It does not replace researching a lot on the internet to fill in a number of gaps, but I believe that is to be expected. It is important to learn to read documentation in order to progress. Therefore, it is better if not everything is bite-size. The concepts have been explained rather well and it certainly increased my desire to learn more.
This course will be completely helpful to the people who are learning web-development with Python .This will not be specific to Django or Flask framework .The target is to read the data from the API calls through Xml and Json data . ALso it will tell you the basic URL Encoding and decoding to send the data over the server . Regualr expressoins are universal and this course will help you to teach how to implement it in python.
Phenomenal. My second completed course with Dr. Chuck as of now, and I cannot wait for the Databases course. This man is not only passionate, but knowledgeable and energetic as well. His courses are the perfect amount of content, and the presentations are always thorough and applied.Can't say enough good things about the instructor and the course in general. Python newbie to intermediate user thanks to Dr. Chuck -- I love it.
There is one thing I believe is missing in some parts. Like Dr. Chuck provide extra material about how networking works. If its possible, may provide material related to REST and APIs and especially about web scraping. Apart from it, everything  is great. Real enjoyed the course. Got to learn lot and lots of things about web and finally know the prestige behind the working of internet. All thanks to Dr. Chuck. Thanks a lot.
well scripted course. i think the instructor makes the journey of learning alot more fun than intimidating. id suggest a smoother introduction of API's and use of JSON, a more introductory explanation to the code used (instead of just letting us use it). might be that the code written for the API calling is too advanced for this class? but just stepping through the code a bit slower can help us. thanks for a great course
Thanks for this course Dr-Chuck and thanks to Coursera. It was easily comprehensible and constructed for a fast learning. Your clear voice and sentences made it really pleasant for a fluid and fast learning process. Assignments are also well designed so that one can successfully complete it with few effort and understand it fully at the same time. Finished it in 2 days, hope to find others interesting topics from yours !
Pretty good, did learn about Json, XML, how it all works together and the coding was challenging but made you think which is good. I liked the course, the instructors were very helpful and responded quickly. Only thing I wish is for the instructions to be a little more clear at the end because they're lengthy.Other than that I really enjoyed this course and the professor is really knowledgeable!Videos are quick too!
Dr. Chuck's lectures are helpful and engaging.  Without them I doubt I would be completing the lessons.  My goal is to learn Python specifically to apply toward improving how we develop medicines for the pharmaceutical industry.  I began taking Dr. Chuck's UM Coursera course after trying out codeacademy and preferred using my own version of Python and IDE rather than the web based compiler provided by codeacademy.
The subject is quite massive and complex to get the grasp in a single course.

In any case, Dr. Chuck methodology is quite marvelous, and keeps us engaged to keep learning, and assuring we don't go off track. 

I believe this course provides a good coverage of the subject. From here it's important to read the reference materials, and probably take yet another course to get some other examples.

Loved the content!
This course it great! I learned so much about accessing APIs and using XML and JSON in python. I even learned a lot about JSON itself, since it was new to me. Everything is clear and explained. Also everything in this course uses the previous two course as building blocks. Those having a lot of trouble with course may need to review the previous two to be sure that they really grasp what was taught there first.
This course is awesome! It shows how to scrape data from the internet in a very easy to learn fashion. There are about 10%~20% of the material that is repetitive between videos/weeks, but generally it is very to the point. One awesome thing about it is that after you get familiar with the underlying material of each week, you learn about a "shortcut" that simplifies all the previous steps. Highly recommended.
This is the second Coursera course that I have completed; although, I have enrolled in many.  Dr. Chuck is one of the best MOOC professors that I have every encountered by far.  This course and the quizzes/projects were challenging, but not intimidating.  Typically, I have found a disconnect between the lectures/reference material and the quizzes/projects; however, Dr. Chuck has struck the perfect balance.
Its my third course in this specialization. Its very nice course to get started with networking. We get pretty well knowledge of different methods to access web contents. Overall, a very nice course. I enjoyed solving the assignments. We need to do some brainstorming to solve the assignments. really enjoyed it. Thanks to the instructor Mr. Charles Russell Severance for creating such a great course series.
I liked this course very much! I love Python and now I use it almost every day! There is only one thing that costed me a little more time than others to get used to. I learned Python3 by myself because I was told that Python3 would be more popular. In this course I have had to pay extra attention to the grammar.Life is short, you need Python. Thank you Chuck! It has been great to learn Python with you!
Hellotwo issue first, in one of assignment i tried to use request lib but it forced me to use urllib only that a little pity, and in last assignment description of it do not mention that user need to use api_key you can only find out that by reading sample code  its this information should be included in description for ppl who want to just write code from 0.But submitting the whole course was great.
The intro to network pdf provided by Dr. Chuck was very helpful. It touches on the overview of how the how internet works yet without going through paiful details of physics, mathematics, and engineering. The assignments and quizzes tests your knowledge on some of the important and underlaying details of python programming language that would definitely help me as a programmer and in computer science
It was an experience for me for a lifetime ! I always dreaded about XML and JSON but this course to an extent removed the fear of XML & JSON of mine. I have to practice a lot in coming days to master XML & JSON and at the same time the Python module "BeautifulSoup".The course was just gorgeous and our instructor for this course is just great. This is the 3rd course on Python I completed successfully.
ProsI think this is a great course and the pace is fantastic. Love the insight provided by Dr. Chuck on the practical applications and also the sample code so we can reference it when stuck. He also has a playful way of teaching that makes it fun.ConsThe peer review method though was a little bit frustrating but it is crowd-sourcing and saves effort from a single resource checking all submissions.
I found this course very useful and  learnt how use of regular expressions and later used them to parse HTML pages to look at various tags and content. The use of urllib and BeautifulSoup make my life easier to scrape webpages. Finally, I learnt how to parse XML and  JSON. Again, Thank you Dr Chuck  and your team for creating such an interesting and exiting course. I have thoroughly enjoyed this.
This course was an interesting look into how the web applications we use everyday store and share data. I am a beginner in this field with no background to computer science and found this course to be fun and comprehensible. I think this course needs more assignments where we practice what we learned, because there is a lot of content that has not been reintroduced since the lecture. Loved it.
Hi,I like to thank you, I've completed the first four courses and I am on my way to the capstone projects. To be frank, from where I started to today I have learnt an enormity of things. I've never thought I would learn so much, particularly since programming is so...all thanks to you Dr Chuck you do have a great way of explaining things. Importantly, I am learning and loving it!Thanks again.
I loved this course because it highlightes the power of python when it comes to requesting data directly from webpages by means of a few lines of code. This course is more interesting than the previous two from the Specializacion because you have to gather all that you learned to understand the lectures and programming assignments. Exercises are not difficult, but they proved to be insightful
I have been reading too many negative comments and it is true in certain parts it becomes so frustrating but waiting for the programming is not easy if you do not pay attention to it. Chuck teaches very well and I had fun in my frustrations LOL because they made me challenge myself to do how to do it and how to implement it I will continue until I finish the 5 courses
print ('Thanks Chuck')
I have truly enjoyed learning the python language with all of the courses in the Python for everyone specialization!  This course  in particular has been the "Aha" moment for me in terms of really grasping the language and feeling comfortable and confident with it.  Thank you Dr. Chuck, and everyone involved with the creation of these courses.  3 down, 2 to go!  See you at the next course!
I feel this course is very useful for someone who is new to python and Dr. Chuck's way of teaching is very good. I felt that only young graduates or IT professionals will take the course, but i was surprised after seeing in the bonus videos that many experienced professionals are also taking this course. I strongly recommend this course to someone new to programming. Thank you, Dr. Chuck.
I have decided to complete this course because I feel that what I have been able to contribute throughout these weeks has simply been incredible. I have been able to acquire new skills that I am sure will help me achieve my goals. The challenges I have had in this course have helped me to become a better version. I appreciate immensely the work they do day by day in education. Thank you.
Using Python to Access Web Data" was definitely more challenging than its predecessors in the specialization but it gave me a good taste for how even a simple program in Python can reach out to the world, access meaningful data, and do something useful with it.It's an amazing course Thank you Dr. chuck, University of MIchigan and Coursera to offer this course to people across the world.
Dr. Charles Severence is a great instructor and a wonderful person. He is the only teacher I have seen who aims at changing life and knows the psychology of students to be able to motivate them. The bonus section is wonderful , even though I have not seen all of them , I can tell that they are huge motivation as we get to know the wonderful world of computers. Love you sir. Many thanks.
This is my third course on Coursera Platform. I really enjoyed the course. The course instructor is awesome explaining content very well. The course material and content is also good. I recommend those who'd like to take this course to practice a lot. This course requires a lot of practice. And don't leave anything that is provided in this course. Everything that is provided is useful.
i enjoy the interviews from the old days and learn a bit of the history. The assignments have been designed very well, i.e. I almost lost my mind in week 4, but because of that I learned a lot. for me code is like a computer game and back in the 90ties I stopped because I got totally absorbed by games :) LOVE IT. Will continue with other courses beyond python after I finish this series
This is an excellent introduction to the way Python programs interact with the greater Internet and information exchange across platforms. It got me genuinely excited about the development and structure of web systems in a way that I haven't been before, and it's great to actually be able to apply that understanding through the programs that I write with the aid of the course material.
The course content is well structured and even non programmers can take it without any issues. The instructor, Charles Severance is great in explaining every topic in detail. The assessments helps to check the knowledge gained. If you are struck any where in the assessment, an instructor is click away to help you. Not to mention, the forums are great way to interact on various topics.
One of the best features in online courses compared to self-learning is pseudo interactive environment through video-lectures. So whenever the professor is capable of providing short, compelling and attractive speech, it's really great.  Any reduction of reading means reducing the work of learner. this point is more obvious in programming courses.This course in this term does great.
Excellent course ! I learnt more abouthow to access web using python. I learnt interesting things like web scraping, json , XML.The material were very easy to follow and deliver in a very friendly and engaging manner.I would like to thank instructor Dr. Chuck  for making this course amazing and enjoyable.I highly recommend this course to anyone just getting started in programming.
This is a brilliantly designed course for beginner and intermediate level. The assignment difficulty level ranges from easy to medium and reinstates important concepts in every chapter.Do not subscribe if - 1) You are at advance level for any other programming language. 2) You are a beginner in programming languages and haven't completed previous two courses in the specialization.
I am lucky enough to find this online course of programming and meet Python （maybe the easiest programming language in the world）. Before I attend this course, I was very reluctant to learn Programming languages and even hated them a little.  This class and this magical language changed my mind totally. Therefore, I feel grateful to our respectable professor. Thank you very much
Every course taught by dr Chuck is a new quality. Substance of the course is little more demanding than previous 2 courses but paradoxically I had a feeling that new topics were taught without going into details... which paradoxically is good for the course. Dr Chuck showed some teasers of Python abilities and if You are more interested in some topics You practice in on your own
I thoroughly enjoyed Dr. Chuck's tutorials, for the first time Regular Expressions were explained in a way that made them less intimidating and motivated me to learn more on my own. The inserts of videos about the Internet was also cool. I also learnt several different ways about webscrapping. Before I only knew about Beautifulsoup, now I know more and when to use which tool :)
I have enjoyed this course very much - same as the two prior courses. The main differences are: this course was much more difficult and Dr. Chuck used some new video recording technology. I thought the presentations were more direct and to the point, but enjoyed the previous style from earlier courses as well. I would recommend this course and the associated courses to anyone.
The 3rd installment of 5 courses in the Python for everybody specialization; and again a great course. I enjoyed the two preceding courses as a novice in programming and this 3rd course was more challenging for me.  I had to do my own research to understand the 'whys' but overall, it's all good.  Dr.Chuck as usual made the course worthwhile. Looking forward to the 4th course!
I enjoyed the learning experience from the lecture, the challenges from the assignment and rekindled with my interest and desire to learn more.  I am happy to have had this wonderful experience.  Oh, I also find Dr. Chuck's office hour videos provide a very positive psychological effect for the audience, especially when you realized who else are taking the same course as you.
This was the most challenging course until now in the specialization. Because I was a bit confused about what is API and how we are talking to it and because It was more of understanding than coding but hats off to DR.Chuck, he will keep you cheered up and will take you to the end. Things will make sense sooner or later, so keep it up. Don't give up. Best Of Luck to y'all !
I really learned a good set of skill with this course, the previous ones on the Python for Everybody set the base for this course which every once in a while got me thinking more than my skeptical self would think i was going to and i actually had fun doing all the assignments as challenges. I definitely recommend this one, if you want to start you quest on python for web.
This course was informative, useful, and fun - one of the best programming courses I've taken on Coursera. I'm on the road to being able to use python for data cleaning and analysis in my work and this course felt like a major stepping stone. I'd like to sincerely thank Dr. Chuck for putting this course together - he's giving so many people an opportunity to learn to code.
Everything is really well explained and the content is introductory. I wished there were more worked out examples and the sample code were documented with the explanations of the course. But if you know nothing about the subject but know a little python, make no mistake and take this course.  My sincere thanks to everyone involved in making this lovely course! Best Rene
This course gives a great insight about the power that the Python programming language has in order to deliver practical solutions to access network data from across the Internet. No matter what the varied native protocols the resources reside, Python included libraries can provide a means to parse the data seamlessly and save timeless hours to deliver a useful code.
Where the first courses were really about laying down the python foundations this one showed me the first practical applications. I really thought that this API business was never going to be easy to understand but thanks to this course I am now directly getting data from our online ERP system and creating my first simple analytical programs.Really exciting stuff!
Dr. Chuck you are a beauty. I love how you teach such complex things with such ease and in such a simple way that even a person without much understanding can understand. This course is purely made for those people who have basic knowledge of python programming and want to explore the data extraction from web pages using python in a very easy and simple manner.
The course from Dr Chuck has really made it so easy and entertaining for people to get interested into Python. I have spent most of my career working in project management but never been able to approach the technical aspect too much because learning code seemed scary and tedious. This course has made me change my opinion on that completely. Thanks Dr. Chuck!!
This is a well designed course.  For someone who has very little programming experience, I found the course to be a good challenge.  The best feature of this course is the forum.  Every time I got stuck on an assignment, I read through some of the submissions on the forum and was able to figure out my mistake, make the correction, and complete my assignment.
Learned a lot in this course. Initially when i tried on my own to study Web Access i found too complicated but after studying from coursera it looks like i have always study in a wrong way but got the accurate direction through this course work.Would definitely like to explore more domains of knowledge through this and would love to continue coding in python
This is a challenging course because you have the opportunity to really check that all the knowledge that you had just acquierd you learned it. So there are differents activities in which you can review them. I love this specialization course. Thank you to all the professors who made it possible, specially to Dr. Chuck who made the class amazing and funny.
I help myself with online translator programs to understand the videos. I think that we who do not speak English well, we are at a disadvantage.
I suggest that someone fluent in Spanish and English translate the subtitles in Spanish. I would do it, but I fear to misinterpret what the instructor says. For everything else, the course is excellent.
Thank you!
Great course, the easiest way to get advance concepts into my mind is to learn from professor dr chuck, dr chuck provides the necessary and hard to get concepts in easy manner. Also the level of abstraction increases in this course, because there are new and advance topics as compared to first two course, so topics which are relevant to course are covered.
I thought this was an excellent course.  I think the first exercise in week six could use some better explanation.  Other than that, I loved the course.  This was my third course in the Python for Everybody Specialization and I am now working on course number four.  These courses build upon each other very well.  Stick with them and you will learn allot.
It's wasn't easy for me. I struggled to find all the answers. But this is how it was supposed to be in order to really understand the concept of the course.The material provided is adequate , the teaching excellent and I'm proud to finish the course without knowing any of the concepts before (I'm just novice in Python).Thank you Dr Chuck and Coursera.
Everything is perfect about this course. Topics are practical, examples are easy to follow and Dr. Chuck is a funny companion.Two suggestions to improve the course: to design bonus assignments that require more sophisticated and related Python applications; to give direction of going deeper in certain topics, such as leveraging Amazon API.Thank you!
This course builds on knowledge gained from previous two courses in Specialization, so it can be taken without taking previous two given the participant has enough programming knowledge. The assignments are practical and content very well explained by great instructor. This course provides an example of using python in real-world small applications.
If you are a beginner to web development, this course might seems little tough to you. Dr. Chuck is again really good teacher and explanation is also pretty good, but the thing is you are expected to learn some specific things not all things and from that point you get little diverted. But it's really a good course and finally you gonna love it!!!!
This course breaks down working with outside data sources into easy to digest segments.  The instructor keeps your attention and very effectively relates the content without getting down into the weeds.  The assignments in this course begin involving practical uses for getting data from external sources and working with it effectively.  I loved it.
The course went great. I had queries a few times when I was going through the course. Thankfully, the new feature of 'Notes' has helped me a lot. I would like to say a thing for people who are going to take the course - "Don't lose hope and don't stop trying. Even if an assignment might be a bit hard for you, keep revising and trying. Thank you."
Great expansion of the beginner's and advanced course in Python that enables users to read data from the web. I appreciate the hands-on approach even though it took me quite some time to complete the assignments. That said, the satisfaction of realizing that only a few lines of Python can get you the information you want/need is beyond priceless.
The beauty of this course is in the very simple and clear explanation that Dr Chuck gives, and the amount of resources available to support a learner. Everyone who commits to this course can finish it, and this is true of the whole specialization! Thanks Dr. Chuck and Team. I will complete this specialization thanks to all these great qualities!
Hello Dr.charles , my name is javad ali and i am studying computer engineering  and  i am feeling proud being your student . Sir , i am very thankful to You and the coursera  that provides me excellent education as well as making our career. my words are limited to describe your  honest and best  teaching methodology. once again thank you all !
This one was certainly a little more challenging than the first 2 courses but also more rewarding.  For many of us this is where the meat really is...getting access to data.  The tools you learn are a great starting point i suppose and with practice you should be able to apply this knowledge IRL and get value from it.Thanks again Dr. Chuck!!!
I really like this course. I was able to learn several useful concepts to retrieve data from the web. I like the assignments, there are needed to practice and see the potential use of the material class. Lectures are very easy to follow with several examples that help you to remember previous concepts. Maybe I would like to see more examples!
well I was a very nice experience that I ever had during my learning process I would like to thanks Coursera and the University of Michigan also Dr. Chuck who taught me such a cool concept also I do remember the bonus videos of his work and I am glad that I can gain something from this platform thank you University of Michigan and Dr Chuck
I liked this course a lot, even I wasn't really a beginner for Python. I learned some really cool stuff!Maybe one minor improvement could be to also use the learned things from Week 1 (regular expressions) even in the other assignments. I found regular expressions a really interessting topic but missed them a bit in the rest of the course.
I learnt a lot of new things in this course. I sure take a lot times tom complete this course. Things are getting hard but the way Prof. Charles Severance taught the course, make the whole thing easy. I want to thank professor for this beautiful approach. I also want to thank University of Michigan for providing such a wonderful content.
Given basic Python know-how, this course reveals the basic engine of web crawlers - similar to Google's way of finding new sites. It also demonstrates techniques in JSON and XML implemented as static-structure hierarchial databases with the added dynamic-restructuring ability i.e. adding/removing data fields (controlled by Python code) !
Extremely fun course mixed with a healthy amount of challenge, I'd absolutely recommend this to anyone with a beginner's level of understand of Python. Aside from the absolute train wreck of wrong sample answer in the final assignment on geojson API, this course is beautifully constructed and the contents are rich and intriguing. 10/10!
Good, too much of seeing the professors face while in the middle of explaining code. Not that he's ugly, but when looking at code, it helps to keep it on the screen a bit longer, rather than showing his face momentarily and then back to the code. Throws me off a bit, and I find myself needing to pause the videos to understand the code.
This course is one of the best I've taken on Coursera. The lecturer is engaging and makes the subject matter interesting and clear. The exercises are considered and related to the lectures, so can be completed without pain or massive amounts of prior knowledge. It's a course for anyone wanting to brush up their Python - I recommend it!
Dr. Chuck is one of the best teachers. But the course must have more content and more explaination. The libraries should have been explained more. For beginners this course is a good one.. But i would say whatever the content was there.. Dr. Chuck explained it very neatly.. Hats Off to Dr, Chuck for giving his best for the students.
Thanks Dr Chuck for a perfect, easy and interesting course. All topics that were discussed contain source code that is self described and easy to understand. I recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn something new. Many thanks to Dr Chuck and all people who make this course open to everybody. And thanks Coursera also :)
As expected this course was more challenging than the first two courses of the specialization of 'Python for Everybody'. I didn't expect to make so much progress in such a short time but it was definitely worth it so far and I expect it to get even more exciting. Thanks a lot the Dr. Chuck, I'm very happy that I found your courses.
Dr Chuck does a great job explaining the logic behind the code.  While there are a few things that triped me up and made me read the documentation for the libraries (particularly when the examples in the videos were using a string of xml data while the assignment called for garbing it from the web) the research helped my learning.
I've been able to apply what I learned in this course to a project I am working on for work and I'm very glad I took it. The subject matter is presented in a way that keeps you engaged and the assignments at the end are fairly challenging. Overall, I can honestly say this course has helped me to upgraded my Python coding skills.
The course is excellent for anyone who wants to build on their Python Knowledge, build a little Web Application interacting with an API or generally pull data from the Web using Python for any purpose.Dr. Chuck is great as usual and does an excellent job of teaching & conveying the course material - Thank you for this course :)
Excellent introduction. Made easy to follow with fantastic supporting materials (thanks, Dr Chuck!) but dense - I might have to revisit this material but for now will forge ahead! Great gratitude for an excellent series of Python courses - just the right length so they can be completed in good time, while building confidence.
II gave it 5 stars, but many will not agree as some of the lectures were not enough to complete the assignment.  agree with it. that's was good for me because I was searching the internet and finding ways to get that done. which will help me to remember this stuff for a longer period of time. I finished this course in 3 days
It is a very good course to get started with using python for web scraping. Dr. Chuck is a great teacher and always talks about the fundamentals first, which i really liked. The assignments of the course are really good to deeply understand the concepts but should be a little bit more tougher. Overall i enjoyed the course.
This was my most liked but also the most difficult of the modules. Reason for that was, I had to personally do a lot of brain storming and understand the syntax and usage of certain of the functions. However each assignment gave a better knowledge of these. The discussion forums were very, very helpful, especially Tamara.
This is the third course that I have completed under the Python for Everybody specialization. Just like the first two courses, this course kept me interested throughout and taught me some very important concepts and libraries of Python. Strongly recommended for anyone interested to enhance their basic knowledge of Python.
I have completed the third Python course. I used the knowledge for my android project to get data from a website and clean it. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck for your amazing job and enjoy-fulness :) And thanks Coursera and Michigan University for serving free online education opportunities for students from all around the world.
Dr Chuck was fantastic. He spends more time in explaining concepts in details. This course in conjunction with previous Python courses. Not just Python, I have learnt about XML, JSON, working with APIs. Totally enjoyed the course. I was able to watch the sessions multiple times. Thanks Dr Chuck and Coursera for the MOOC.
Great series of courses at just the right pace. I can do one in my lunch hour and not have to think about 4-5 hours of study per week. Also you can self pace and go much faster so you can finish the course in 1-2 weeks but I always find it is better to take a little longer to let the ideas sit and bounce around a little.
I spent some time adapting to the easy way of teaching, as I was using Windows system and there are several differences between my infrastructure and that of the instructor's, e.g. Oauth for Twitter API never worked on my computer. But I also learned to install pip and different packages myself. Great way of exploring!
Loved this class. Perfect level of difficulty for me, engaging videos, and the material provides the right amount of info to get the assignments done without being too obvious. Dr. Chuck is really entertaining :) I am seeing more and more ways that I can apply this to my work and look forward to the continuing classes.
If you would like an understanding of the fundamentals taking place behind libraries such as requests, coupled with an overview of the protocols and data formats that power service layers then this is the course for you. If you want to find a tutorial regarding API use with requests, this course will not provide that.
A great course by Dr. Chuck. Very informative and covers how to access web data using python. You will learn how to scrape, parse, and read web data as well as access data using web APIs. You will be working with HTML, XML, and JSON data formats in Python. This is not a class for experts but more suited for beginners.
This course is entering a different web world, which is a little complicated for me to understand it. In general, Professor Severence did a good job to show the basic ideal for us in an relatively easier way. I would really appreciate if this course can recommend more reading materials to help students to understand.
This course was undertaken as part of the Python Specialization. I found it to be engaging and hands on. Dr. Chuck has a very interesting style in explaining the theory breaking it into parts which is easy to comprehend. I would recommend this course for those new to Python to know more about how to access web data.
thanks doc chunk.And other teachers are also helpful,i think.Someone  has said that thhi course is so difficult since it requires us to learn by ourselvers ,but i  think it is a good thing because teachers can't teach all of the things in a short video.I also enjoy the process of finding problems and figure it out..
This course added an important tool to my arsenal. It taught me how to retrieve different elements from websites using libraries like beautiful soup and the basic python urllib library and now, I can scrape the web to hunt for stuff that I want in a customized way. Thank you Dr. Chuck for this comprehensive session!
Great course. Learned a lot about JSON and XML. Expanded my view of what is possible in programming. Never explained SOAP or why it sucks, and I can kinda explain REST, but still not quite sure what "representational state" refers to. Its just data, no state, and no representation, so why is it called that. Thanks!
Videos were interesting and well paced, with enough direction given to a coding beginner. Explanations were easy to follow and assignments, while guided, still require enough thought to be completed. Felt that I came out of it with a better foundation of python, especially how applications call out to one another.
This is my first time studying web data, so it quite difficult for me, but I find it challenging especially one of the assignments in URL links takes me almost two hours to figure it out. Dr. chuck is a very good professor, he has delivered all the lessons effectively so we can understand it much better. Thank you
It's great course, the concepts are complex but presented and explained very clearly and easy to understand. Unlike some other courses from the Michigan Uni, I highly recommend this one, especially for people starting working with Python. Instructor is clearly passionate about what he's doing. Well done Dr Chuck!
This course is again like the usual , amazing and i learned a lot and the quizzes challenges a lot and the coding section needs to step up a bit as i think that they are not so challenging as we get most of the code from the videos . But an amazing job once again fro Dr.Chuck . Sir i have became a fan of yours.
Like the other courses in the series, Dr. Chuck has a way of making course content tangible, easy to consume, and non-intimidating. Framing the lessons around real-world scenarios helps a lot. This instructor and the content are a breath of fresh air and truly reflect the "for everyone" theme in the book title.
Great Course. I did not anything about web applications before joining this course. If you are new too, don't worry prof explains it like it's a piece of cake.  Just know basic python.Having passed first two courses, I had  enough knowledge of Python. This and Prof. helped learn this great stuff in short time.
Thanks MR. Chuck! you're always so humorous and thought-provoking!A small suggestion: when switching on the transcript button, the scripts would bar some PPT contents (bottom parts), which then asks you to switch it off.Prof. Chuck the course series is indeed really helpful and leading for students! Thank you.
The course provides a fabulous overview of using Python to access web data sources either via a scrape and search of HTML or via XML/JSON data provided by an API. The course builds on the previous two courses in the sequence; if you have completed those then I suspect you can continue your journey with Python.
Great class. The video lectures cover the topics in a very interesting and easy to understand way and the exercises make sure that I understood what I learned, also, I like the idea of providing part of the source code which helps maintain the focus on the things that are newly learned while writing the code.
Very useful materials for me to make use of the data from the web after taking this course. I am a beginner with a couple of university entry level programming courses prior taking this online course. Very pleased with the simple yet detail instructions in both code packages and videos throughout the course.
This course ended up being a phenomenal learning experience! As you delve into python and web formats, at first it can be very frustrating as everything is alien to you. With patience, practice and trying things out it starts to become known as your other Python skills are. Dr. Chuck is a fantastic teacher.
Very well designed and organized courses. Best mentor Dr. Charles Severance it perfectly explains the study material for those who are in the first encounters with the technology of programming computers.Personally, I'd add that this course helped me understand the programming language Python.Regards Dmitry
Similar to previous courses, Dr. Chuck gave a clear introduction and easy beginning to real application of Python, in accessing web data. While it could be far more complication in real life, it provided us basic idea and concept which could really facilitate us in future exploration. Well designed course!
Great for beginers as well as medium level scripters, that are looking to root their experience with Python into knowledgeable roots. This course describe the basics of Python very well, and goes straight into interesting topics for practical application such as Network, scrapping, regular expression, etc.
I had no idea about Python but thanks to this course I am learning the basic of it, files, internet connetion, databases, etc.  I just can´t stop!! But I don´t think is so basic as it says, for a complete rokie in programming there are a lot of concepts which will be difficult for the person to understand.
thanks very much Dr-chuck and your staff they are very helpful ,I find this course very useful as an introduction to Accessing web data and how it is work so I recommend this for any one who is fresh with some thing like this like me but I'm interesting to have more advanced in this field thanks everybody
Thank you for a wonderful courses ,Keep up the great work and surly one day its gonna change the education system.In India Many Educational Institutes are there just for business . So the one who need the real knowledge Surely gonna get through this.  Thanks for such a wonderful and knowledgeable Course .
This was a tough course and tbh I think I am going to come back to it to go through it. There is so much good information. It is also taught very well. It will take me some time to properly digest this knowledge. Thank you Dr Chuck and everyone who has been in the team to produce this course. Keep it up.
Another great course from Dr. Chuck. The instructor effectively distills the relevant information needed for someone to learn the material without belaboring the underlying theory. These courses are great for people to get their hands dirty as well as more experienced programmers wanting to learn Python.
I really enjoyed this course. Although I would like to have a bit more assignments and exercises, the course content is great. Chuck really dives into interesting concepts & software programs with enthusiasm. Great teacher and great course for getting to know the basics of accessing the web with Python!
A very very good course.  Dr Severance did an excellent job and provides a very thorough explanation of the topics.  I would recommend this course for anyone interested in learning Python in a hands on and interactive way.  The quizzes and the exercises were good and directly track the course material.
A very useful course. The instructor dives into webservices just enough so that the learner has learned the basics and main concepts, rather than diving into may details that discourage the learner. after the course you are free to dive more into web services and you have a base that you can build on.
Great! Though, I suggest the assignments should be a bit more challenging. Because it really takes no time to complete. I believe Dr Chucks is deliberately doing it for the audience which is not necessarily a 'student'. But, still, the audience might take a great learning shot out of some challenging!
Python is a really good programming language and it was presented in the best possible way! The lectures, quiz, assignments and the book - especially the book - all went together really, really well.In summary, one of the best put-together MOOC courses i've had the pleasure of attending. Thanks a ton!
This was a really great course, I enjoyed it a lot. A always wanted to write parsers on my own, and know, thanks to Dr. Chuck, I have the required knowledge base. I think that completing this course will really help me through my life. Thank you, Coursera and Dr.Chuck, for this fantastic opportunity!
I worked with Python in 2001 for my first job at a hedgefund company. It was refreshing to work on the basics of the language and to refresh syntax and new libraries. Python is a powerful language and Dr. Chuck has made it easy for beginners as well as for advanced members to quickly get up to speed.
Before joining this course, I don't know anything about web services. But I came to know this all because of the course instructor (professor severance) . Thank you for the wonderful course. Assignments are also quite similar to worked examples. we can gain much knowledge by doing these assignments.
This has been the best course I've opted till date.This course's topics were new to me and I found it a bit difficult, but thanks to Dr.Charles Severance who made it very easy for me to keep up going with the course and his way of teaching made it quite easy to understand the topics taught so far .
This course is really very simple for those who already know some programming languages. And too abstract for those who are really new to programming. I would suggest you to go through book once in a while after you complete the chapter that will really help you some up everything you have learned.
Overall I really enjoyed the class. Using the free Python book as a supplement helped me to solidify newly acquired information. Dr Chuck's explanations are, as usual, impeccable. I encourage everybody who's taken the first two classes in the Python specialization to also take this one. Good luck!
Professor Charles Severance is great. Very straightforward, positive attitude. Fun to learn Python. He covered some good material on the background of XML and JSON with interviews and reviewed concepts necessary to call both XML defined by Schemas XSD and JSON service with rate-limiting and OAuth.
This is the third course in the Python for Everyone series, which builds on the lessons of the first two courses. The course's automated grading made it easy to continue with each assignment at my own pace; and the way the information is presented makes it easy to learn without getting frustrated.
Dr. Chuck makes things easy to understand, he dives deep into the subjects and make them sound so familiar even if it's the first time you know about it. This course is on everyone's level and will take you form no programming background to a comfortable level to take on more advanced curriculum.
I Really Enjoyed The Course. The Good Part of this Course is Bonus Chapter And Interviewing Part so we come to know How That particular Thing Invented.The Course Really Improve My knowledge as after this course Now I'm able to extract data from Web and also able to work with HTML,  XML and JSON.
The course is helpful for me. It gives me an overall view of what's happening inside every click of mouse on web browser. Through this course I've learned about XML, JSON, how to parse those data, how to use and request API and many useful things.Thank you Dr. Chuck for your series Python class.
A very useful course and with great explanations by Dr Chuck, high quality material and good content of the lectures. The course is more difficult than the previous two but it's great that it is challenging. Mentors helped me with the guidance when I was stuck on some assignments. Thanks a lot!
I would like to have more assignments and more different tasks as often your assignment is just change 3 lines. Maybe it can be not mandatory as for some people is enought to learn to change just a few lines, but I would like to be able to practice more as part of the course and not on my own.
Everything good explained, even if u would be a beginner. Earlier it took me much time to learn these concepts from different sources in web. Dr Chuck explaines this all (call webservises per APIs, JSON, XML, XML schemes etc) in a very vivid manner in this collection of videos.  Recommendable.
Lecture were easy to follow and intuitive. Assignments were well designed and challenging. Made the student think about how to solve it rather than just copying the structure of the sample code and change bits and pieces. Got a deeper understanding of the logical process of accessing the web.
Learnt lot of stuffs on how python interacts with the outer world of internet, exchanging data of various formats through different web services approaches like REST ans SOAP. Retrieved information from Google and Twitter APIs. Our instructor's guidance was tremendous! Thanks a ton Dr.Chuck!
So Helpful!!!!!!!!I learned a lot of Stuff and GeoJSON is awesome, all that API stuff is simply coolI love PYTHONand MR.Charles Severance(its better to be in Gryffindor, HAHAHAHa...) and Thank you Sir for such a wondeful instructionand im looking forward to learn Databases tooThank YOu Sir!!
Another great course taught by a master.  This class is perfect for anyone who wants to learn how to retrieve and read data from the web with Python.  If you are new to programming, take the previous Python courses in this series since this course builds on concepts learned in those courses.
Dr. Chuck has made assignments very easy with his demonstrated examples. So much information packaged succinctly, my goodness only a True Teacher can do that. BTW, looking at the comparison of the Java books' thickness, I'm tempted to learn Java as well after Python. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
The whole Python for Everyone Sequence is Awesome.Each of the individual sections has been exceptional.Section 3 of 4  - This course Accessing Web Data and Section 4 of 4 ( DataBase ) were the main reasons for me taking the course.I would highly recommend the Python for Everyone  Series.
Outstanding course! I began this course a week ago after completing the first 2 in the series coming in with just basic programming knowledge and I can't believe after this course I can now begin working with APIs, have an understanding of parsing/reading XML and JSON. Highly recommend!
The course was excellent and specifically admire the way Dr. Chuck teaches so effortlessly, that we understand the concepts very clearly. The assignments are also very helpful in practicing what we have learnt, and gives us the confidence to work on real-time projects. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
The third session of the Python course is more difficult than the first two sessions and is quite a great challenge! But the courses for Dr.Chuck and the help of every mentors give me more energy to dive into it to get to understand every details. Programming is really interesting area!
This course is structured very well. The lessons are easy to follow and understand. Dr Chuck's lecture videos are very fun to watch. The book is pretty much self explanatory so you can use it as a reference or independently. Overall, the course and the specialization are pretty great!!
It was Amazing! Thousands thanks to Dr-Chuck, fellow classmates & of course all these great people in the bonus videos.I have started my programming adventure with Dr-Chuck and now there is a burning desire to keep going. It is highly recommended to get this course.All the best,Sinan.
This is great course, and more difficult then previous . It  introduces JSON , XML, and other modules which are very important in Python programming. This is intro in web programming, where students could explore other modules in Python. Thanks Dr. Chuck for well explained materials!
This was an excellent course. I really enjoyed to learn about "Using Python to Access Web Data". Although I didn't found the .zip with tha example codes in the PY4E web site, I did all the exercises and learnt very useful programming tools. Thanks to Dr. Chuck and thanks to Coursera.
this is a fantastic course!!! i don't have words to say about it but i must say to those who are going to take this course that you guy's have a lot fun, knowledge in this course i must thank to dr. chuck and all the team members specially to Tamara Brunnock who cleared all my doubts
This session is the most interesting one since I enrolled this series of Python program studying. The technology I learned here opened the door of using Python to organize and catch data from web. There must be big land behind and I want to pay a visit, by additional work after this.
This is a very demanding course packed with a lot of content. Think the effort is grossly underestimated here as it took much longer for me to complete the course. Most of the time spent was in trouble shooting and so would help if there is more guidance or resources made available.
This  course is great for people who want to learn web scrapng using Python, and Dr. Chuck is amazing in explaining  basics related to Web. I would recommend anybody who is taking this course to take the Internet History course for better understanding(the pdf is freely available).
Great course! Dr Chuck explained the concepts very well, everything was easy to understand and the materials were just enough to get me hit the ground running but not overloaded with information. The assignments were well-thought to help me remember and understand course materials.
It appears, during this course I'm becoming hungry for Python programming. Somehow weird but also very attractive programming language. Especially when I succeed in doing something in so called "pythonic" way. And thanks to professor. It's a real pleasure to listen to his lecture.
I liked this course. It teaches useful skills and the coding tasks all seem appropriately pitched in difficulty. I am realizing that I'm now beginning to think about coding all the time. I worked on the class every day, and I feel like I'm building my mental "coding muscles" lol.
It felt really neat to be able to call web data. It's starting to feel like what I'm learning will be useful in my job and life now. Dr. Chuck makes things easy to understand, but the assignments generally contain enough tricks to guarantee that you understand the subject matter.
This was an excellent class that furthered my knowledge of programming with Python.  I have a great foundation of accessing APIs and pulling down either XML or JSON.  Super happy I took this class, I look forward to completing the final two courses in this Python specialization.
The course is both fun and full of learning. Dr Chuck is a wonderful teacher. He puts forth concepts in a way that is easy to relate and in absorb-able chunks. Still he manage to impart sufficient knowledge for us to start coding interesting applications. Thanks a ton, Dr Chuck.
This was a short but very good introduction to APIs and Python's ability to retrieve data from the web.The load is quite low, so my suggestions to the teacher would be: make it harder! Include more examples and make both quizes and assignments harder in the same amount of time.
Great course for those that are interested in use Python to get data from the web, specially HTML, XML and JSON formats.Full of coded examples to exercise, lectures have a really easy and understandable language, specially for those that are beginning in programming as myself.
Using Python to Access Web Data, like its two prerequisites, is a five star couse. It was fun, like the name of the course, to use Python to access web data. I did not know that before. It was a little harder than the two prerequisites, but it was a good course. Thank you, Dr.
The past two weeks has been fantastic! Dr Chuck is Clear with course content and he has a good sense of humour which made the course quite enjoyable. Python skills from the course are practical and lay good foundations for me to further study processing web data with Python.
Absolutely fantastic. Dr. Chuck's teaching style is completely in-sync with my learning style. The content is clearly presented and the effort in teaching shows. Thank you Dr. Chuck for taking the time to present this material and for creating the tools for all of us to use.
Dr. Chuck strikes again -- another great course for everybody wanting to know more about accessing data through Python! It helps to have gone through the other courses prior to this, but the lectures are easy to follow and the assignments on accessible level. Two thumbs up!
I'm halfway into this course and i can recommend it to anybody who wants to get into python. While the first few chapters where pretty easy (i had a very small coding experience) it gets pretty challenging for me. I really like that, it's pretty rare in such courses i feel.
Very helpful to understand the python APIs to access the web data and how to parse the XML and JSON formats.  The course presentation was friendly and easy to follow.  The assignments were covering the python in detail.  Overall very useful and highly recommended.Thank you.
This is a great course, all the topics taught are very much relevant to the modern tech world. Only one thing is to be noted that, the last week on JSON  should have more worked examples regarding a little bit complicated probelms. The overall explanation was simply great.
I feel so great participating on this course, as I do learn lots of new stuffs regarding  on Web socket, HTTP request, Data interchange through web service and many more. I having great fun and enjoying every single lecturer throughout the course. Excellent experience !!!
This course takes the student from beginner to novice. Easily the best course I've taken on Coursera so far. I'm also doing the Python for Everybody specialization and if you've taken any of Dr. Chuck's courses, you know he's hard to beat, but Dr. Matthew Yee-King did it.
This course is very well organized and the best out of it is that all classes are in the course content. Therefore, you can finish the course faster if you have the time.The lessons are very well explained and the method of teaching is the best. I am really happy with it.
Love this course. I took the first two (as one course), learned a lot (and worked really hard, since I started from scratch). But this one brings the coding part to the web and suddenly gives the whole experience a different dimension. Mind-opening. That's why I like it.
Very good course to build on basic knowledge of python. Content is accessible, lectures are well presented and easy to understand. Using python for tasks such as web scraping shows the potential of python whilst still being fairly accessible for the majority of students.
This chapter was truly helpful, as an engineer you have to understand how computers are communicating with each other via the internet, rest systems and APIs are part of this process which were covered in this chapter. Thank you Dr.Chuck for being the amazing professor.
Fantastic course to discover how to get the most of python. Essential course if you want to go further on your coding skills with Python. The teacher is incredible, he explains very well and make it very easy to catch everything at the moment. I highly recommend it :)
Compared to the previous two courses, this course is relatively much more hard, and more useful. With the clear instructions of the teacher, I am now able to use python to get access to data from the web. I am sure this will help me a lot in my future life and career.
Looking back at when I started and could barely write 3 line code I understand how simply amazing this course is. I can see progress and my knowledge grew so much thanks to all materials that are provided by  Dr. Chuck. Can't wait to go further in this specialization.
course its self quit self explanatory but i like to add few things1 - Need little bit explanation how to use real life scenario2 - JSON part is quit short but now a days JSON is big thing, so i suggest please keep eye on current trends and elaborate topic accordingly.
The assignments are becoming more and more difficult. But very rewarding when you finally get the solution. It's very important to understand every line of code from the previous chapters. But again, very well explained (also by the assistants in the discussion forum)
I was greatly engaged and challenged by this course. Each week of work has only one or two assignments, but they all require careful attention to the lecture and the code provided to complete the tests. I am very glad for the material provided and the examples given.
I really enjoyed this course. I am not really good at finishing MOOCs but this one is different. I really love Dr. Chuck's passion for teaching and appreciate all the effort he and his team had put on his book, materials, and assignments. This course is unbelievable.
Definitely a novice level, but appropriately paced, course introducing web data fundamentals. The course gradually implements key "Pythonic" modules that allow you to connect to websites--parsing and extracting their real-world data! Well taught Dr. chuck, thank you!
In my opinion this serves as a good introductory course for web services; it doesn't really delve deeper into the abundant knowledge needed to become a professional but it keeps it masterfully focused on the topic (Python) and Dr. Chuck's explanations are very good
This course was fun and not hard to understand, because Dr. Charles has a great way of simplifying the concepts, and the assignments were great and effective. Also a great thing is that the course have a clear vision of where you are in the path of learning Python.
Great course.  If you want to know some of the basic of how to get data from the web (web scraping, api's) and how to use that data (json, xml), this course if for you.  Dr. Chuck uses primarily python, but many api's and the data structures are language agnostic.
The assignments were more difficult than the previous courses and I literally have to pull all of my limited Python knowledge to finish it.  The journey was not easy but because of these assignments, I am now feeling much more comfortable with Python than before.
This course covers a lot of different material and is, in my opinion, more difficult than the previous two Python courses offered in this specialization.Overall, very good. The only critique I have would be to clarify some of the instructions for the assignments.
I was shocked when I saw the inventor of Python from this course. But now I got used to see any inventors of Internet. After you met those Internet Inventors, you felt anything about Internet is simple. The way Prof. thought was very fun and easy to learn. Great!
It is kind of diffiicult for me since I don't know  anything about web service. I think it will be nice if there can be some recommendation of books or videos to learn the basic knowledge of web service. Still, thank you professor for giving a such great course.
This course introduces to the Json, XML and other python modules which are very fundamental to Web programming. Professor has nicely covered all important topics and the course gives a start that one needs to take interest and learn more about different modules.
The course is great.There's just one thing i always crave for in this specialization, there are only limited Graded Courses that are really challenging.(one of them was such a mess, i couldn't proceed for 5 days.)The exercises are really fun. Highly recommended.
It is an excellent course (as the previous ones).The lectures and examples are very helpful.I already work as a Programmer and courses like this help me improve my skills even further by learning from other people experiences.Thanks Dr Check and Teaching Staff!!
The series of courses until now, help me a lot to improve my computer programming skills, due to the most of my current experience was programming micro-controllers and some class projects in MATLAB. I'm  very grateful with all of you for this excellent course.
Incredible, it gave me joy of learning. I am now very confident while accessing web data. Even based on this course knowledge I automated my one downloading task where I was  expected to download more than 400 pdf files of in total 6 gb. Its really nice course.
This course was such a smooth journey wherein challenging assignments were given. It was certainly worth my time and money. I feel empowered after completing every course in Python for Everybody module. Thanks to University of Michigan and Bows to Mr Severance.
I really liked the two exercises that compared XML to JSON - it helped that we were able to have the same assignment in theory but with different transfer protocols.  Also, the worked examples were really well crafted.  I really enjoyed this course!  Thank you.
This course is relevant and insightful. I learned a great deal about how to communicate with internet services using python libraries. I learned about API's and how to parse HTML, JSON and XML. I did not even know what these were prior to starting this course.
Another nice course from Dr. Chuck. Its difficulty level is higher than the two previous courses and one has to apply oneself harder. It would be great if there were a wider selection of activities to cover more different cases of web data retrieval-handling.
Amazing course with an even amazing professor! Keeps me so involved and inspired to finish the course and the content is so interesting, I dont feel like I should stop these courses! I have already started using the concepts I learned here into my daily work.
Dear Prof. Charles Severence, I can't thank you enough for this wonderful course. The way you have taught the concepts of accessing web data using python is simple yet extremely effective. I am very happy for getting this opportunity to attend your lectures.
The way Dr. Chuck teaches and shares his knowledge is way too much fun and easy to understand. Made me to think that Python is easy to work and more enjoyable. Thanks to Dr. Chuck and Coursera.Please carry on with your great service to the online community!!
Great course with a lot of examples and the graded tests are useful and simple for you to accomplish. Dr. Chuck explains everything in a simple way and this a plus in the course. You won't feel overwhelmed in this course, every task is simple and reachable.
This course is absolutely fantastic. I have learned from it how to access web data, this was amazing learning I have ever completed. I enjoyed it a lot. I appreciate Dr. Chuck's endeavor highly. He is an awesome teacher and he teaches the students with fun!
Very great, it might be a fundamental course but, it contains very useful  info about Regular Expressions, Networking, Sockets, Transfering data, URL library, Beautiful soup, XML and its Schemas, JSON and some APIs including Google Geocoding and Twitter API
Great course, great teacher, useful knowledge... what more can a student, eager to learn, might want! Dr. Chuck and his forum moderators has made the experience of learning Python a true pleasure. I highly recommend this course and the whole specialization.
With other courses, I was having the feeling I was going nowhere. With this one I am enjoying it a lot because we are actually doing fun things, like accessing a web page and extracting information that can be used for whatever else. Extremely practical! :)
I learned a lot about accessing web data from this course. I think this is a course that generally tells you basics about HTML,XML and JSON. If you want to have deeper understanding of accessing web data, you can take other courses which are more specific.
Once again, great course! This time was very challenging but when i stuck into a problem Dr Chuck helped me with his lecture!One thing - I'd rather prefered when the video was splited in two, so I can read the presentation during Dr Chuck's lecture.Thanks!
I used to be in one python programming course in school. That course ended by BeautifulSoup. This course just added to where I wanted to continue. Very clear demonstration, I'll definitely finish the following courses in this series. Thank you Dr. Charles!
Absolutely great course. This course has de-mystified the basics of accessing web-data and has atleast helped me realize the power of python to access it.Faculty, Well delivered  ! you have kept the discussions lively and have made  me eager to learn more.
Pretty challenging assignments so be sure to complete the first two courses before tackling this material. This professor is one of the best instructors I have ever had. He is able to communicate pretty dry and complex topics with optimism and simplicity.
It got a bit tricky and I enjoyed it that way. I had to sit with unsolved assignments to solve the problems and I totally am flattered by the magic of programming. It helps you look at problem differently. Thank you Dr Charles Severance and Coursera team.
A great, easy to understand course. I would especially recommend the "Introduction to networking" book, where all complicated things about the networks explained simple and rather fun. You can find the link to the book on the week 3.
Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
A bit more difficult than 2 courses of the same speciality placed before, but if you've finished them than it's still quite easy for understanding. I understood how web applications are working after completing it and even used API by my own. Nice course!
An excellent course that helped me understand how applications exchange information(using XML and JSON) and how we can write python scripts to retrieve such information from web applications , parse and analyse the data and apply our logic on top of them
Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor and a great human being. The course is superbly constructed and is well organized. I learned many fascinating skills from this course, so thanks so much Dr. Chuck for sharing your knowledge with us. Forever grateful.
Personally, this was the most useful course out of 3 (2 still pending). Great and simple explanation how to get the data using 'backdoor'.  The only struggle was to understand tasks "Assignment: Following Links in HTML Using BeautifulSoup" requirements.
Overall a very well written course.  As the third in the certificate series, this is where the difficulty starts to ramp up a bit and makes you really practice previously learned concepts and think through problems to implement them in an updated form.
Accessing web data is a great course for a beginner to launch himself in a programming with python. The way Dr. Chunk designed the course is really awesome as it helps everyone to understand the underlying concept and grab it soon. Thank You Dr. Chunk!
This was an excellent follow up on the first two courses in this specialization.  So much useful information, and complex ideas broken down in more simple terms that are much easier to digest.  Dr. Chuck is amazing!  Can't wait to take the next course!
One of the best courses that I have taken! Thank you so much for this course. I was out of touch in coding, and wanted to get back to programming and learn a new language like Python. The step-by-step explanation, availability of sample code and the le
Great intro to using python to pull and parse web data. Assignments are now laid out to not give you the answer but to ensure you have the skills to obtain the information you need to complete the task thus requiring additional self-learning. Love it.
I am taking this program to show that I am capable of working on a MS degree in Cybersecurity.  My daughter loves Minecraft, so I hope to use Python with her in building Python worlds.  Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher and I am proud to be a student.
Detailed explanation about Accessing web data using python. Teaching method of Dr.Chuck is really great.  I have explored so many new things in python. Those who are really curious to explore new things i n python they can definitely join this class.
Excellent course which gets into practical examples very quickly. The assignments are also great as a few of them are designed in a way where you have to revisit your notes / relook at videos which in my opinion is a great way of reinforcing learning
All the assignments provided helped alot in upskilling my knowledge in python. Thanks to dr.chuck for the remarkable tutorial!!Peer review assignments are pretty unfair though.I had provided proper screenshots still getting 40% grade. Grow up man..:(
Very interesting. Thank you, Dr. Chuck. I am really enjoy this course.Just a little suggestion. Each assignment can be a little extended. For example, after teaching Google geocoding api, the homework may be assigned to use other kinds of Google API.
Dr. Chuck has done it again!  Another excellent and highly entertaining course on the Python programming language.  Highly recommend for anyone looking to look a little more deeply into this amazing programming tool for people in all manner of jobs.
The course is quite vivid and practical. Dr Chuck has always been humorous. Surprisingly I've learned a lot through this course.(Another thing to mention: the assignments concerning XML is quite hard, and perhaps need more illustration in lectures.)
I learnt a lot with Python web data. I found it easy to assimilate the lectures. Chuck, the teacher insist that you follow the previous course but I found web data accessible to someone that barely used python. The mentors are helpful in the forums.
More challenging than the previous 2 courses, but I have definitely learnt a lot more real world uses for Python such as web scraping which I had heard before but never knew HOW it worked. Dr Chuck has again made this course enjoyable and engaging!
Teaching style of Dr. Chuck us great, it's very interesting and make you come back to the classes. The program and assignments are designed to hole your interest and so you feel easy while learning. And, getting almost everything from the language.
outstanding course-- learning to interact with APIs was really cool, and I feel like I have a much better understanding of the inner workings of the internet! Every course in this specialization has been great so far, and this was no exception :)
An amazing experience altogether with Sir Charles....Must say,I am in awe of your explanation skills.....Not even for a minute, did I get bored watching your videos! A heartfelt Thanks Sir! The first course which I successfully completed!! Pheww!
Great introduction for those without prior experience writing applications that interact with servers and website.  The course does not go into advanced topics but does a very good introduction to communication and data retrieval through the web.
I enjoyed the lectures, and the overall focus on understanding the information, not such rigidity in structure of class, testing, time limits.  This seems to be a better innovative freedom based way of learning that I seem to learn better within.
From this course alone (little textbook help although that is a good read, no stack overflow or other aid) I am able to have thoughtful discussions with programming professionals and ask good questions about programming. I wasn't before. Thanks.
Great course! Cleared many of my doubts in accessing web data, GET request and other stuff. Thank You!And it was great to learn from a potter fan. The instructor has really made a lot of efforts to put things clearly. One of the best professor.
this course really helped me to start my career in web data scrapping using python really recommended only if you are still beginning your career in this field and thanks coursera for helping me taking this course using the fininace aid program
very useful course. Dr. Chuck's way of teaching is exemplary. i would like to think of him as teacher of teachers. as usual the course materials are excellent and the quizzes and assignments test and reinforce the understanding of the concepts.
This is a very challenging course, you start to appreciate why programmers make so much money. However, the mentors are always available to give you hints to complete assignments. It may be one of the most difficult classes I have taken so far.
This Coursera need a little background in programming, and Dr Charles is fun boy! He teaches this class in a easy and vivid way! Getting basic skills from extracting data from internet! learn to deal with popular data structure in the web world
This was yet another one of Dr. Chuck's great course. He really explained the material, made sure the students absorbed everything, gave them decent homework, and covered a wide range of concepts, all of which have proven to be very important.
Gain Knowledge of Web services, API, Serialisation Formats : Xml & Json.Must for those who are looking forward to make their career in Python Full Stack Software Development. Great course content and challenging assignments.Thank you Dr. Chuck
Challenging.  Outstanding TAs and Professor are the only reasons I finally cracked this.  I found this to be the most challenging yet of the Python courses, in part because I began a new job role just after the holidays.  Glad I stuck with it!
This course is more about networking. He taught us in a brilliant way. This is very helpful for those who want to learn basics in networking and some advance concept he can learn if try himself. Thank you, Dr. Chuck, for this amazing course.
I just finished this course, the third of a series of five.I already knew some basis of the arguments, still I've learned a lot. The approach is very practical, so you can experiment with actual cases of application of the skill you acquire.
Awesome course it is and i would recommend this course to any programmer who want to start to learn python and programming and do something interesting while learning python programming. Again thank you chuck sir you are a very good teacher.
This Course was fascinating and introduces you smoothly to what happens behind the 'surfing the web' scenes as well as using Python to access and make use of web data (also demonstrates how cool Python is having all these built-in goodies).
EXCELLENT instructor. He explains the material using theory, examples and articulation. He brings forth amazing enthusiasm to his material delivery. Examples and exercises help understand the nuances of Python language. Thank you Dr Chuck!
Pretty basic if you're somewhat familiar with Python already. Very thorough explanations. I personally found it slow, but it was review material for me. I think it was all explained well and the exercises and quizzes were constructed well.
Great course! Very challenging while using all of the knowledge conveyed in the previous courses. The assignments are interesting in getting the lessons topics across. Multiple ways to get the correct results and allows you to be creative.
Great lecturer! Quiz and assignments are very easy to follow and finish, which keeps student engaged. Hope the programming assignments could be a little more challenging. But I guess that is left for the final project for the whole series.
I applied this knowledge that Doctor Chuck taught me to create a Django web application. This course is a great source of python knowledge I use it in accord with various api's to customize content for viewing  of my  website /application.
Such a great course! I've used BeautifulSoup an JSON a lot while scraping the web and this was a nice foundation refresher. It also taught me coding conventions and I didn't realize I needed! Like properly encoding URL parameters to APIs
Awesome!!! I cannot believe that only a few weeks ago, I was an absolute novice, and now I am able to dig deep into live websites, drill deep, and extract specific information! Dr. Chuck is one of the best instructors I have ever seen!!!
This course showed me how Python is very useful while surfing the internet. It really helped me to think outside the box. I didn't imagined a programming language could read web data so easily and shows me what I want. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
Great course and very inspiring on networking basics. Hope to learn more about Python. A little suggestion is that you can make week 1, which is about installing Python, optional since most of us have already had Python on our computer.
This was a great course, well structured , well explained as Dr Chuck is a self explained  teacher with very effective  methods. The Bonus material was fascinating. Assignments were also a bit simple and well guided. So,  All the best !
I really admire and love the way Dr. Charles teaches this course. I can immediately sense that he loves teaching us and his way is very interesting and makes us like Python even more.It is an honour to be able to learn from you Sir! :)
This course was simply amazing, I didn't know that python too has simple and powerful libraries like this to make rest call and access web data. Learned a lot of new things, thanks to Dr. Chuck. Highly recommended for python beginners.
Excellent course, I've gained so much Python knowledge, thank you dr Chuck, you are indeed an excellent teacher, the matterial presented here was easily understood... After taking this course, I could make a 330+ line python program..!
Great introductory series of courses led by Charles Severance. Lot of fun and learning and good sense of humor of Dr Chuck. Fantastic idea with series of video interviews with people who made great impact on computer science. Thanks:).
That was a great experience to use Python to access the real world data. I finished the first fours course with only playing Python on my computer and this course, Using Python to Access Web Data, opened up a whole new world for me!!!
Pretty easy but that does not mean one does not learn anythonig from it. It means it is pleasant and not a too big workload.The instructor is really clear and fun.  I recommend it just for that even if you are familiar with the topic.
Fantastic course! I was vaguely familiar with XML, APIs, web services, etc. prior to taking this course, so this laid everything out in an organized and logical manner with good explanations, great textbook/slides, and good exercises.
The course is great for beginner and who's new to python with some basic skills. This really helps you learn to in more particle ways. The assignments aren't too hard, yet it will give you enough difficulty to strengthen your skills.
The instructor is able to explain the concepts clearly and effectively. After participating in other Python courses, I have come to appreciate Dr Chuck's method of teaching a lot. Also, I love the ability to practice what is learned.
This course was excellent right from the explanations to the exercises. It is going to be so useful in software development and most of it is not taught in regular courses. I will try my best to complete other courses in the series.
If you want to learn coding, definitely you should start with this specialization. I can't believe that i can write all these codes by my self. If I am capable of this as a complete beginner, this means this course definitely works.
It was amazing course and easy to understand at the same time. Topics cover all the basics . I can humbly offer extra non-mandatory lectures and assignments(A bit harder and taking more effort to complete) for non-beginner students.
It's really a good but challenging course. Though I have completed the first two parts of it by Dr. Chuck, this course was really challenging for me. But I loved it. Thanks to Dr. Chuck for entertainment along with nice teaching  .
I really enjoyed this class for several reasons:  1) Dr. Chuck, 2) The assignments were fun, 3) I did not know python a couple weeks ago, and now I can say that I kinda do!  Thanks for a great class!  Hope to take another some day!
It was a great course, on how we could access data from Web using Python. Dr. Chuck is the best person who could teach us these topic. It is a pleasure to have been taught by him. Thank You Dr.Chuck, Coursera, UM for this course!!
Awesome course.  As usual, Dr. Chuck presents the material in a very intuitive and fun way.  The videos are a joy to watch and I look forward to the programming assignments.  Would definitely take more courses taught by Dr. Chuck!
Very nice course and very well organised. The only thing I have to point is that I expected a little bit harder. Nevertheless perfect. It is very good to have all the classes ready at the beginning, so one can take its own rhythm.
The best course till now. Had a lot of intermediate knowledge about Python libraries, and then some more. XML, JSON, REST APIs were an added bonus. And as always, the interviews with legendary developers is a constant attraction.
Salaam to all! This course is very well taught by Dr Chuck. The course material is really helpful in daily life. Great series by University and Coursera to hand over the power to non-programmers. Keep up the good work InshaAllah.
Really good material and lessons. One of the best short online courses I've taken. The intensity is not demanding but contents are of really good quality (you can complete this seemingly six weeks course in less than two weeks).
Professor Chuck Severance does a great job of balancing how to write code and the theory behind it.  His teaching methods are also more engaging than a lot of other teachers that are "dry" in how the deliver the subject content.
very inteserting course, not only about python and great introduction to internet protocol and how web service works from a coding perspective ! very useful and it is one of the best class attained on Coursera!!!! Thank you prof
I really enjoyed this course, and the Programming for Everybody (Python) that I took before this.  Dr. Chuck has a unique way of explaining things, that makes his classes interesting and fun to take.  Keep up the work Dr. Chuck!
Another excellent course taught in a clear, easy-to-learn fashion by the wonderful Dr. Chuck. I cannot recommend enough the Python for Everybody specialization--it's friendly to beginners, fun, engaging, and highly educational.
it is very insightful and gives quick knowledge of how to use python to access data through web that is available in different web programming language. course material is very rich and can get you through variety of problems.
This course is important in the python for everybody series. Dr. Chuck's lectures are clear and straightforward, which is awesome! Highly recommended this course as well as Professor Charles Severence's other ones to students.
This course is getting harder compared with the previous ones. Course materials are very detailed and clear. I am new to Python but I am still able to finish the assignments. Learned a lot from Dr. Chuck's courses.  Thank you.
Dr. Chuck is just awesome! He gives valuable information in such a very fun way.  I love this class!Learn about scraping the web, APIs, REST architecture all that while strengthening python programming skills.Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Excellent introduction to accesing and manipulating data from the web or other sources. Light load of lectures and easy assignments it can be completed in a few hours and allows you to wrestle further complexities on your own.
The web scraping algorithms and coding explanation is really good and helped me with my college course work. The way Dr. chuck explains everything so effortlessly is very commendable. I have understood his lectures very well.
Great course to get involved in how Python can resolve web problems like accessing data, logging and other stuff, it's a very complete course that teaches you the essentials of managing web browsering and service with python.
this course is really hands-on and immediately usable in (beginners) projects. Dr. Chuck's enthousiasm and 'simple but effective' way of teaching made me feel a bit like a programmer after 3 courses. Currently doing course 4!
An amazing step into the intermediate python world. The adrenaline filled submission by the end of this course makes me want to keep coming back for more.Excellent instructor, Insightful bonus content and a complete package.
All the fundamentals of using Python to Access Web Data is well explained with great examples. With additional reading and research, this course is really best for basic students of Python. Thank you for the class, Dr Chuck.
It has been an amazing learning experience in this course with Dr. Chuck. Learnt a lot about writing programs using socket, api's, reading json, xml file. Very nicely taught and very curated content and simple to understand.
For me, the sample code given in each assignment discloses too much information. It is quite easy to twist just a little bit of the code in order to complete the assignment. I would prefer to have more difficult assignments.
Great course. The instructor is very senior, and makes the knowledge very clear and ready to understand. Further than that, he also shares a lot of hints that you can follow to dig deeper. I love this kind of teaching style.
this is one of the best course available the coursera, sir Charles Russell was amazing on teaching all the stuff, if you want get the magical power to access data with the help of python, then go for it through this course.
Fantastic course to review some of the basic/intermediate python syntax to access web data. The concepts discussed regarding serialization tools like XML, JSON and API are very important and as always Dr. Chuck is awesome.
It was the most challenging course that i have faced until now.Especially the week 6.The assignments were pretty tough and demanded my full attention and concentration.Passing this course is a real accomplishment for me :)
Great Course for introduction to using python to access web data. Although the course gets a little heavier here for non-computer science backgrounds, the assignments can be completed with a little effort and understanding
So far i  haven't found a professor such as Dr Chuck who via his videos makes it both entertaining and engaging to learn about programming as well as technology in general,  i highly recommend his courses for any beginner!
Really liked the course and Dr. Chuck - he is amazing ! cool to know a bit about how google is built up and how googlemaps work.  I liked it a lot ! Super glad i signed up, only one course left - data visualization! =^.^=
Thank you, prof. Charles Severance. 
You have made complex concepts simple and easy to understand. You have the great merit of presenting the essential parts of the subject, as Douglas Crockford teaches: "The Good Parts".
Easy to understand yet very useful course. Each module starts with the basics making it look easy. The assignments are very useful and lets you play with the code to do more than what is asked. Really enjoyed this course!
The best instructor I had my entire life.  I have taken numerous Python courses BUT Dr. Chuck just blows away any other courses available anywhere with his quality, simplicity and clarity of teaching. His style is UNIQUE.
Really amazing Teacher. Breaks down the concept so well even noobs can understand it.Loved the course :) If you are an intermediate programmer still doing command line input output, you should definitely take this course.
Great Course for clearing the basics of web scrapping. Its a must for beginners course. After completing this course you can clear your basics and can go for some other more detailed course on Web scrapping using python.
Grateful about taking this course and getting familiar with the hows of accessing web data and using web APIs.  Clear explanation about essentials of SOA and how Python easily manages data serialization with JSON and XML
Highly recommended for people that want to go deeper in Python, the test were a bit challenging for me, so Im happy of going throught them. Good class to keep learning how to program from the bottom. Thank you Dr Chuck.
Getting a bit more challenging than the earlier courses in the specialization. The exercises require more struggle, but all the information is there. Another step along the way. i enjoy this course Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
Dr Charles Severance gave me a good grounding in Python, and I still reference it even after I have completed the program.Thank you Sir!Do come around to Singapore and South East Asia, I am sure you many students there!
Clear structured delivery of the content, good examples, including a necessary dive into the technical foundations of internet communication. Definitely an inspiring course to continue learning about this topic further,
Great course. Dr. Chuck does an amazing job at teaching this course. A great follow up to the previous two courses from the Python for everybody specialization. Assignments in this course are very rewarding challenges.
Dr Chuck presents the very essence of python and makes it easy to learn.   The course covers a diverse breadth of topics such that I can write my own code to access web data of my choice.Strongly recommend this course.
The material presented here is simple and great for those with no prior programming knowledge. Dr Chuck also makes available some great codes which you could tweaK along as you see fit for your use.Great work Dr Chuck.
The contents are simple and clear enough for python beginners. Dr. Charles is a patient and gentle teacher with a low but comfortable voice. I've learned how to access internet data with python. Thank you, Mr. Charles.
This course was very helpful for me to have a very good grasp over Python programming. Prof. Chuck is indeed a great teacher helping students to learn from scratch. I am glad I have successfully completed this course.
Great class to further the knowledge about how to interact with the web using python. One negative is that there are still twitter examples that are not relevant now (twitter API is not open to join for simple users).
Excellent course, teaches you the basics of communicating with the web, reading HTML and then parsing xml and json files (and of course what those files are to begin with). Amazing how well Dr Chuck explains it all...
Greate course! I enjoy it! It is course very adopted for beginner. I strongly recommend it. Hopefully next course will be similar interesting. P.S. dr.Chuck could you talk more slowly especially for foreign students )
I love the course even if it's so hard. Notice for future learners: This course is a bit heavy for those who don't know HTML , or any web development like JSON, and sockets. This course was excellent , more detailed.
This is the best course to learn more about python programming as general. Also Assignments were very good and you will learn lots of things like web scraping,api,socket etc. I highly recommend this course to anyone.
It was very good experience..Small steps to learn the python has got bigger now.. Assignments are doable if classes are attended  and follow the steps mentioned in the questions. DR Chuck course explanation is great.
Charles Severance focuses on practical applications with just enough theory. This gives you enough tooling to work independently with web data and doesn't require much time commitment.Thank you to this course's team.
Very good introduction course, the teacher is great, and the material is better than you would expect at a regular university. The only thing missing is bigger assignments, but that is difficult in an online course.
Great course. Started to access data from the internet and it actually makes sense. It feels so good to actually happen what is happening behind the internet and how it is giving us the data that we are looking for.
Professor Chuck's way of explaining is fantastic. Each progressive assignment requires the knowledge of previous assignments. So that helps in re-iterating.One feedback - I think there shall be some more assignments
It is building upon prior courses and just keeps getting more interesting and more fun. Dr. Severance is fantastic, you feel like he is talking directly to you and he has a great teaching methodology and very funny!
(from someone in a non-computer field)  Dr Chuck does a fantastic job of simplifying explanations of how python interacts with online data.  This course is a great followup to the earlier python for everyone series.
I learnt a lot from this course.It is a perfectly designed course.I enjoyed  a lot doing quizzes and assignments.This course helps in understanding the concepts in a very simple language .It was a great experience.
Highly recommendable course if you want to learn how to access web data using Python. I would have liked to spend more time working with different APIs and getting used to working with different security protocols.
Very nice and clear course. I struggled a bit more to complete this one than with the other courses, but I've learned a lot and I feel like I have a solid understanding of the basics of web data and api's etc. now.
Great course covering a lot of aspects - you will learn advanced technique as well as couple of approaches to the transmission of data across networks. By far the best course in the specialization - knowledge wise.
Excellent course material provided. The videos contain all the necessary elements required to complete the assignments. The assignments are also well designed to test your knowledge learned from the videos. Kudos!!
The course is well-organized and focused, and Dr. Chuck present it nicely with a lot of humour. I really like the way it get to the point while still providing all the information one needs to get going. Well done!
That was an amazing course with an amazing Dr. Chuck teaching! The material is truly useful and Dr.Chuck's manner of teaching really helps to learn it well. The course perfectly combines knowledge and fun! 5 stars!
Amazing experience with Dr. Chuck and everything was clear.Easy to understand and also this time challenging tasks but when you figure that out its really awesome feeling.I Recommend this course and yeah its great
Dr Chuck is AWESOME. His teaching methods are very understandable and precise. Wish i could meet him in person. Really this courses and Dr chuck's teachings are very helpful to develop skills for career building .
Well, what can I say.?The man is a genius and teaches beautifully. I really enjoyed the experience. Anybody interested in web development and the concomitants like html, xml and jason should give the course a try.
This was a pleasant and highly informative experience throughout the course. Dr. Chuck has a splendid control over the wide scope of Python in Web. I hope this will take me a step towards exploratory data science.
Yet another excellent course on python.... i think i'm becoming a "pytangelist"  if there is such a thing... course is to the point and with all the information that I needed to get started with some fun projects.
Absolutely outstanding class, like all its predecessors. I'm extremely pleased with what I learned, and this helped give me the tools to make some progress on a side project I've been working on for several years.
Thanks Dr.Chuck.This course is very helpful for my carrier.I love your teaching and I also love your office hours meeting with my fellow students. Now I am very confident to learn more about the computer science.
This is very well informative course . I did not know about how i can implement python in the website. Now i have basic understanding of this. Thanks to Coursera and Awesome instructor chuck to teach this course.
This was a much harder course than the previous two courses. Yet, Dr. Chuck explained very good and made this course really enjoyable! I am looking forward to completing this specialization courses set. Thank you
An extremely beautiful course for understanding the fundamentals of Web Scraping, also getting a bit tougher as we are heading towards achieving specialization in python but it goes interesting in many ways also.
Great course for looking at the basis of data extraction. There should be a second part though, because I was trying to scrape wikipedia infor and it's very different from the tidy datasets we where working with.
It took me longer than I had hoped to complete this course, but it is very satisfying to finish.  Dr. Chuck, I appreciate your passion and your dedication to teaching the world about Python.  Thank you very much!
Excellent Course. Apart from Dr Chuck giving great lectures, this course gives a good overview about Python and shouldn't be too difficult even for programming beginners (if you took the previous Python classes).
Very well structured, very informative. It is great that is not going into great detail, but directs the students to more resources, and focuses on the gist of the concepts.Many thanks for this course, Dr. Chuck!
This is a good online class for people who are interested with different tools to access web data. Besides the theory and methodology, it has some practical exercise to get familiar with the programing language.
Accessing web data is so much fun.  I sincerely hope to learn more about it. Also the professor is terific. Only one thing that bother me is the content of this class is kind of easy. Anyway, it is a nice class.
This like all the other courses in this line is perfect for beginners. All the examples and exercises are perfect for beginners and afford the opportunity for the class material to really sink into the learner.
Neat and well presented. what makes this course special is the way the professor presents it, he makes it so easy to understand. i suggest this course for those interested in python programming. it will be fun.
This course came in handy JIT for my new job. It made me a look like a rock-star to my new manager and director! It has pushed me further into Python and realizing it's much easier to deal with than powershell.
It was the most interesting course on Python for me. I started this to learn more about JSON and XML, but figure out how to parse websites and work with APIs. Everything was so clear and fun. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
This is amazing course to learn about using python to access data from internet and use it for programs to help you to get work done. The Practice exercises gives a very good understanding of course material.
Thank you very much Dr. Chuck! The time you took to talk background and mention related technologies like AJAX, JavaScript and APIs gave me tons of topics to research for fun. I'm excited for the next class!!
Great step up in difficulty from the previous 2 courses in the specialization. I definitely appreciated this change. Learned a lot from this particular course and I look forward to complete the specification.
The course helped me learn how can we parse HTML, XML and JSON files. Theoretically, i feel like i have not understood completely as in how the methods and libraries which are used to parse the webpages work.
The course material was brilliant. I especially enjoyed working on the Assignments. What I'd really love is to have some more assignments given to people who are interested in practicing the concepts further.
The course was bit fast when ti comes to understanding the command related to the URL library and the JSON library. It would be good, it the course consist of additional material on the coding logic involved,
This class does a good job of easing you into the world of retrieving and using web data. Though, I do wish that there were just a few more assignments at the end in order to solidify the learning a bit more.
I've learnt a lot of new. I've discovered such things as XML and JSON for myself. I hope this course become a great beginning for my further studying of computer science. Thanks to Dr. Chuck and his comtades.
Great course!I mainly loved it because it does leave some things for the learner to be figured out and does not spoon feed the answers to the assignments!The videos are really fun to watch as well! Thank you!
I am glad.. this is a second Python course with Dr. Chuck and University of Michigan. The courses has been very useful and i have applied it in another programs that use python for to develop scripts.Thanks..
It's a very great course and Dr. Chuck is a terrific profesor! He explains the content of the course in a very clear way and the assignments really help to completely understand what he teaches in the class.
This was an interesting course , although I took lot of time to understand the things but later found them really  usefull. Adding this to I came across API's and JSON which was bonus for me.Thanks Coursera!
Another great course from Dr.Chuck, which explains things with great detailing and in interesting way. Thanks a lot for this great lessons, got some useful knowledge about using Python in Web Data accessing.
The UM online course ‘’Using Python to Access Web Data' is awesome and valuable. Thus I aspire to complete the course, titled: “Using Databases with Python” - “(4 of 5) Python
for Everybody Specialization” .
I would've loved some assignment that had to do with the use of OAuth and a popular API such as Twitter or Spotify or whatever. Still a great course thanks a lot to Professor Severance he is a GREAT teacher.
"Using Python to Access Web Data" required more time and study than the previous two Python courses taught by Dr. Chuck, but it was worth it to see some more complex, real-world applications of the language.
I liked the course a lot! What I could wish for is additional smaller assignments that test parts of the learnt theory as well as the current assignments. This would make the learning process more intuitive.
Thanks for availing this course.This course really helped me to learn new things and as a studying engineer it really helped my academics to learn web information exchange , retrieval and analyse new stuff.
This is an excellent course. it teaches you and shows you how easily one can access data from the web using Python. The code samples and exercises show how you can retrieve web data in xml and json formats.
The couse content was somewhat new to me like the JSON that I enjoyed much with simplicity of Python.The topic like XML and XML schema were already known but there was a new touch given to them with Python.
I learn't many things from this course, this course is for those people who want to know the real world application of python and how easy python makes everything and thus python increases your productivity
Getting a little more difficult but you have the tools to do it.  Make sure to reference previous classes/chapters.  Class is good in that it makes you use what you've already learned to solve new problems.
Great course, especially for those already knowing some coding, to get a full dive into accessing the most common web data formats. Dr. Chuck's lectures are funny and really out of the usual coding classes.
There were few assignments i had to struggle with, but thanks to the staff for helping me out with cues, which pushes you to think through and find out solutions by watching the videos over and over again.
a lot of effort made to learn from this course to excess the data outside the computer. Socket, HTTP, XML and JSON are all new to me before, but now they already become my knowledge basis for data science.
I am really happy after completing this course. Now I have Three Python course certificates from coursera in my CV. This course is an advance course in Python and tell you particularly about web scrapping.
Extremely well taught course with great assignments that are also set-up and explained in detail. Learned so much in this course and am very excited to continue with the next course in this specialisation.
Good course to understand basics of web in Python and gives you strong base to use python for accessing web data on yourself .Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher who keeps you engrossed all through the course.
Compared two the previous two courses in the Python specialization, this started to become a bit more challenging. I would have liked more programming assignments - but that might be a personal preference.
I am learning a lot but I understand there is a lot to learn, this course had the basics of it and Dr. Chuck explains everything very well. But would have been nice if the assignments were little harder ;)
Things start to get a bit complicated in this course, but the step-by-step approach saves the day and you actually improve your programming skills without really noticing the process! Doctor Chuck rules :)
This course is challenging, but in a good way - I had fun doing a number of the assignments, even when I had to dig a bit to figure it out.  Dr. Chuck provides plenty of information and is easy to follow!
Nice introductory class for accessing web data. The course covers different web data formats and the ways to retrieve and parse the information using Python. The content is easy to understand and helpful!
Really another great course. The greatest of all instructors. Good homework. I liked it. Best, the links to all data samples available on the planet, a whole new world opened yesterday. Thank you so much.
Great course, I learned a lot.  I recommend it to everyone regardless of interest as it provides a good understanding of how the internet works (and you probably use the internet if you are reading this!)
I like these courses very much. Dr Severance  is such a good teacher!But I found the last courses  more difficult and maybe I need more time to digest all the elements and certainly need to practice more.
Thank you so much for teaching me like this, I think this is great experience to connect with outside world through internet with our amazing instructor Dr. chuck. I am very glad to being part of this !!
so fun to learn this.at first it took me time to understand later by repeating i could the assignments with clear knowledge.thank you dr.chuk for sharing your experience and learning python as alphabets.
Well, it's an exceptional course if you want to gain some in depth knowledge about how data is being exchanged through internet and how data is retrieved, filtered from xml and json files across the web.
Great course for anyone interested in writing basic Python programs to fetch data from the web and manipulate it. Teaches some XML, some JSON and some basic HTML. Had fun, and Dr. Chuck is geeky-awesome.
This wasn't an easy course.  It probably took me longer than needed but I wrote each assignment without copying as that is the only way I learn.  Thank you for putting together a rather difficult course.
This is an excellent introduction to Python´s web data handling. Very written as expect from this specialization. Thank you very much Dr Chuck and University of Michigan for this great Coursera´s course.
This course teaches basic knowledge about how python accesses web data. Simple but really worth learning. In addition, Dr. Severance's lectures are very clear to understand. Overall, it's a great course.
Great course. My third course on Coursera and with Dr. Chuck. It was fun. There were a couple of issues initially since I was using python 3 instead of 2.x, but it didn't take too long to get used to it.
First of all, it was more difficult than I expected, but it worth it. In the end, you will learn some cool stuff, such as how to drag data from the web and how to use them with the help of JSON and XML.
Its a good course the instructor is awesome .But i think in the last week 'week 6' APIs does not explained well ..... i search about it and understand it very well.In general the course is very good ^_^
Another great course in the series. I'm headed to a local Python workshop next weekend, and feeling like I'll hold my own on the projects there because of these courses.  Looking forward to the 4th one!
I really learnt a lot from taking this course! thank you Dr Chuck! Very clear explanation and I would recommend this course to anyone who has a bit of python experience and interested in data analytics.
This course is just awesome. Mr. Severance delivers a great experience of learning as he does always. The course helps in coping up with API and a basic orientation about using python to load web data.
Fairly challenging course with useful learning about how to access web data with Python using the different formats of data (XML/JSON). Enjoyed the challenging exercises, made me learn through thinking
It is a very good course even for an absolute beginner.  Gives knowledge of what APIs,  web scraping,  different web protocols. Dr. Severence is engaging and very good at explaining hard things easily.
The course builds up from the concepts learned in the previous ones and moves on to more complex subjects, adding in new concepts and applying them in the clear, efficient manner we are by now used to.
Great overview of connecting to the web and using Beautiful Soup, URLs, XML, JSON, and APIs. Nice to see the links to other courses and how Python makes the web simple, given its underlying complexity.
Course does exactly what it promises. If you do all of the exercises, you will effectively build a code library that you can draw off of in the future for dealing with various web data types in python.
If you are interested to Regular expression, json, xml, web sockets, networking and how all the things work with python then this course is for you. If you are beginner , stay away. Assignment is hard.
what i love the most about this course is that all of the topics for me is new and i thought that it would be hard for me to understand but because coursera made it easy to understand yet challenging,.
This is a really nice course that does exactly what it says - teach the student how to use Python to access and manipulate web data, including basics on spidering, scraping, standard formats, and APIs.
Gah! The second last assignment...for items in data['comments'] :Took me an hour to figure out that I needed to add that last bit in brackets! It just did the for loop twice each time... All the best!
Hello, the course was great but the final grade test (working with json api) need to be update. The Test Data / Sample Execution show a different place_id than what we really get running the program.
This course is great to introduce you to regular expression, HTML, XML and JSON. Based on this course, you may dive into many other materials to further learning how to use python to access web data.
Excellent course with in depth explanations. It is well structured. It learn to access Web Data from very basics to optimum level. It help me to understand details of using Python to Access Web Data.
Yet again a great course from Dr.Chuck. Only suggestion I have is the disclaimer that kind of put me off i.e. only Python 2.x support would be given:)We would love to have support for Python 3 too:)
Awesome course , A great mentor , easy to learn fun to use.i really really appreciate the efforts put in by Charles. thanks a lot for this course and i would sure look up for more classes on python.
This course, for me, was one of the best that I took until now. It helped me a lot and I learned a lot about Python. I am so curious to learn more about Python. Take this course and take advantage!
It was awesome and I learnt so many new things that I just thought that I would never be able to learn. I am really gratefull with Dr. Chuck for his great explanations and the materials he provides
This course is obviously more difficult to understand than before. In some places I didn't figure it out, the TA didn't answer my questions, and I don't know why. But overall it was a great course!
Very interesting course. Helped me solidify my understanding of SOA and APIs. I impressed my colleagues at an IT company for my understanding of these concepts. As an HR professional, this is gold.
Assignments really difficult but helps you learn.  Discussion forums help a lot as well.  The TA's hold the line very well of dangling the carrot of where to proceed but not giving outright answers
Regular expressions, JSON, XML, Web scrapping, API. Didn't  know what any of these meant before but with this course i understand what they are and how to use them to get information from the web.
got to learn a lot of new stuff that i wouldn't have been able to otherwise. Thanks, Dr.Chuck! You're an amazing teacher and i hope you keep continuing imparting your knowledge in numerous ways :)
This really helped me learning how to use python for exploring web and how service-oriented approach works and it has laid the foundation for learning more about these things for me in the future.
Excellent course, Dr Chuck is amazing in delivering the content of this course in a very unique manner, a great deal of practice and examples and sample code to help students throughout the course
Dr Severance is one of the best teachers I have ever had. The delivery of the course is flawless, the learning materials very thorough and well put together. Very highly recommended set of courses
This course really helped me in learning how the network and api work. Many things happen in the background which we are not aware of. To understand those things one should really try this course.
Very nice intro class to learn how to access web data. Even though the assignment is a little bit easy, i still get a lot of fun exploring the skills i studied to access some websites as exercises
Thanks for presenting the comprehensive introduction on not only python but the knowledge of the internet structure. And the plus interviewing videos with internet pioneers are really interesting.
It has been three fantastic courses, I wrote my first own code for checking .xml documents of my work, and I'm so proud. This is a very helpful tool to get engaged in programming with baby steps.
This is a great course to build upon a python foundation. The material is covered in a way that is easy to understand and remember. I would recommend this class to anyone interested in the topic!
Dr. Chuck is an exceptional instructor.  His lucid, logical manner of presenting the information demystifies the code and really brings the power of creating things and manipulating data to life.
This is the most friendly course i have ever had. The course is very useful for beginners with no background in programming and those who want to understand the behind the scenes part of the WWW.
I love the course soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much! Just get a little confused when doing assignment 5, the sample seems from week 6. Maybe this can be fixed to enable a better understanding.
Very tidy and step by step course. Dr. Chuck has a great sense of humour, it wants you to keep wanting more. The bonus videos with all the great inventors of the languages is like cherry on cake.
In this course you really start using what you learned in the first courses.  Dr. Chuck gives you just enough to get you started, but leaves enough out that the homework can still be a challenge.
Just one criticism: not a word about classes nor modules. «Just use this magic». Anyway it's really good course, thank you Dr. Chuck! Waiting for Office Hours in Moscow, Russia, you are welcome!
Dr. Chuck seems really passionate about both teaching Python and giving students a understanding of the role Python fills in the world of computer science. Great course for beginner programmers.
This course is awesome. Dr. Chuck's "super" explanation and lectures make it easier to understand stuff. Initially, I wanted to review a couple of videos but ended up completing all assignments.
Simply amazing. The instructor is just superb. He starts from the basics and goes in depth. Learnt a lot through these course. I would recommend everyone to take this course ! Happy learning ☺️
this is the best course to access webpage gave us some brief information on xml and json that is the beauty of this course. thanks coursera and thanks dr. chuck for giving me this opportunities
To know more about the wonders of Python Language and its related concepts in the web world, this is the course that one can take. Thanks to all who made this specialization available to us :-)
Very good explained I enjoyed the lessons and the exercises, I ran into some issues but i was able to finish all my assignments by reading the comments at the forum. Dr Chuck is a great teacher
This is the third course I have taken from Dr. Chuck, and I have loved them all.  His teaching style matches my learning style and I find Python to be an easy to learn and easy to use language.
I did not know anything about XML or JSON but feel amazing after this course. I would recommend this all dummies like me to take this course and remove the fear of programming out of yourself.
One of the best python course out there. This course has helped me immensely in building up concepts of python which I can use in real life. Thank you so much Dr.Chuck for this amazing course.
Dr Chuck is awesome, I am an FCCA (chartered accountant in England) and I managed to complete this by following his video lessons you can imagine how powerful and user friendly this course is.
This is a good course I have Learned a lot of new thing like API json ets etc..Overall this is a great course the videos are awesome and instructor is friendly so the magic of learning is here
The dynamic of this course helps to keep one motivated. The lectures are very well explained and most of the exercises are challenging for those that are learning the topic for the first time.
Alhamdulillah, I'm lucky to be introduced to it. I'm really curious to do some interesting work, particularly on web access strategy.One can say, it's a handicraft with web access strategies.
I really enjoyed doing this course. Assignments are very useful and practical. E.g. I know how to import data from WEB (html, xml, JSON) and know how to use regular expression in Python code.
I will only able to accurately grasp/thank the entirety of Dr Chuck n co's help in my journey of becoming a Data Scientist a few months/years from now as I mature in my thinking and learning.
Thank you Dr. Chuck! I have always wanted to learn Python well, but never had the chance. You make learning Python accessible yet also challenging. Its the perfect level of difficulty for me!
I have had little experience writing code, but wanted to write a little program to interface with a Web API. This course was really good to teach me the basics of API interfacing with python.
This is one of the Best intermediate python course you would find out there. Being taught by a professor from a reputed University, you could blindly enroll. It mainly focuses on Web scraping
Dr. Chuck makes learning and using Python to 'non-trivial' Web -access tasks so easy I would not have believed is possible. This course gives kick-start  for your own attempts to conquer Web.
After completing this course I have gained great confidence and set my Goal much higher. I want to thank you, Dr. Chuk, Coursera, and University of Michigan to bring such a Practical course.
It was really a rollercoaster experience and great learning throughout the course. Those worked out example videos were of great help and though I had to pay for the course but it was worth.
Course content is very good. Videos are nice and I enjoyed watching the. Intuitively formed auto-graded assignments were really good. However, there is a bug in the last assignment of weeks.
Really AMAZING Course!!!!!!! It had amazing resources and videos . Thank you so much Dr. CHUCK for your amazing videos, your upbeat attitude and for helping me continue my journey in PYTHON.
Excellent! Highly recommended! I am a novice with no coding background but the way this course is presented by Dr. Charles and the material provided really makes it easy to understand a lot!
Delivered just right.  I actually got a good understanding of JSON and XML, and how to use them with Python through this course. Thank you for all the team, this has been a great experience!
Awesome program, well structured, well lectured, student-focused and challenging engaging while making all the hard parts easy to grasp and understand to the novice/entry level student. A+++
Dr.Charles Severance is perfection. 100% worth the time and effort it took for me to complete this course. Dr. Charles has put a lot of effort into making the assignments which are awesome.
Excellent course, it not only teaches you about how to access web data, but also make you write a few programs to test your understanding of the concepts. It is very well engaging. Thanks!!
Very good course. I would recommend it to everyone who wants to learn Python. It introduced me to accessing web data using Python. From there, I could learn more on my own. Thanks Dr Chuck!
It is a great course for python. I am very happy to take this course from Dr Charles Severance. Course is very easy to understand.I am planning to continue to take the next lessons as well.
This course is really fantastic! Both the lecture and assignment are well prepared.Now I have got basic concept of accessing web data using Python.It's time to write my own Web crawler now!
The title of the course may not be of enough help if you look for what can I learn from this course? You can learn about XML, JSON, regular expressions, and some interesting python coding.
Very neat course. Gave an insight into how to use Python to access and extract Web data. Understood API's and JSON files in more detail. Very well structured course and would recommend it.
Another enjoyable course learning how Python works, this time interacting with the web. I'm looking forward to trying this in practice and learning more about APIs and API keys. Thx Chuck!
Its an awesome course as always. I love coursera. they have provided me with financial aids and I have started to gain value as an industry professional. Thanks, Coursera, and Dr. Charles.
Great Material, and superb style of presentation.  The examples are good, and the explanation is very detailed. Really appreciate the effort towards the material creation and presentation.
great thing to do. Just the right decision. Taught me a lot about web crawling and xml and what goe son behind the url things when I click. Sir Chuck is  a great teacher to say the least.
This is an absolutely interesting and helpful course. It was a bit difficult in the middle but the feeling of completing the course is so awesome. Many thanks to Dr.Chuck for this course.
The course is generally great and Dr. Charles' explanations of the taught material are plaint and understandable.  Hope some day to see all the specialization teaching Python 3.x version.
This  course  was  very interesting to see the connection between Python and web applications. Learning about Browser,HTML, XML Json & API is very practical. Great Course and very useful.
Another excellent course, not so much hand holding as previous courses but more than enough guidance to get you through it with minimal pain. Genuinely impressed with the course overall!
Excellent way to step into the Python world!! Don't esitate join this course. But be aware that this is the third and you have to start from the first course (Programming for everybody).
Excellent overview of the how to use the web as your data source for Python scripts rather than files on your computer.   Very understandable!   Thanks Dr. Chuck you deserve a shrubbery!
Best course, Professor will pick you from bottom to top and now i realize that why 1st two course of this specialization are important, i can easily correlate my past knowledge with it.
Very well done. Examples and explanations were clear. Assignments were focused and achieved their intended goals. Highly recommended for those who want to use Python to access web data.
simple and easy to know about the topic of Regular Expressions to json and GeoJSON API and other things in the course. the way of teaching the things in a simpler way, I liked the most
This course is somewhat difficult with respect to course 1 and course 2But after taking this course my view on data transmission and data representation in Web has completely changed.I
Excellent course. Interesting contents. Good instructor, intuitive design, fun interviews. Overall interesting. But people should complete the previous two courses before starting this
I like this course--with the video lectures and the text book, it feels like a real class! The forums are pretty useful too, especially when having the same troubles as other students.
What an amazing course. This teaches you more than "just a website", it teaches you the tech behind it all, where it came from, how it works, how it relates to python and so much more.
This is the second class I have taken with professor Charles Severance on Coursera. Love the flexible schedule and clear lectures/assignments. Thanks a lot professor Charles Severance.
Its an amazing course to learn how to access web data using python. I learned things which were difficult to me before but now i am able to think and solve it. thanks for this course.
It begins to become a little challenging, but the information is very easy to digest and the professor is great. Could use maybe a tad more practice projects, but no real complaints.
This course is amazing in general and I've learned a lot of useful skills. The content is a bit difficult so that you need to work really hard on reading the supplementary documents.
It was an opening-mind course for me. I rated 5 stars because it helped me in my work place. So it is not just a good-to-know course, but actually it also built up your competencies.
Immensely useful course. It's kind of engrossing for me as I proceed with every course on Python that is being offered by UM and especially when you have Dr.Chuck as your professor.
Awesome course! I have learned very useful information about how to use 
python with web technologies, and how to use XML, JSON technologies.  I 
got a good knowledge of API s also!
I enjoyed the course very much. One can start the course before the formal date, which is a very good option for the people, who does not have much time. Thanks a lot for your work.
The Course is excellent. It gives a good overall view on many important aspects. The Assignments are too easy while giving the correct building blocks for writing your own programs.
I found this course very informative and practical. As a beginner level programmer, it truly expanded my knowledge about web services, APIs, and how to access web data using python
nice course for intermediate user. It would be better if there is some assignment (maybe only a few) have more challenging questions which cannot found much hints in lecture notes.
Not bad for understanding how to receive  data from different datasets. Just for understanding, without deep learning. But you can get feed for your brain for continuous education
Another excellent course in the Python for Everybody series, strongly recommended! Instructor Dr. Prof. Charles Severance is great and I plan on doing more courses on the subject.
Instructor was very good in his presentation. After taking this i can safely say i have really learnt something about accessing web data in python. I got a new rush of confidence.
Like all the courses by Dr. Chuck this course is very successful at explaining complicated concepts in understandable language and help you to use your new knowledge in real life.
Awesome course especially for those who have completed the first two courses in the specialization and have fully understood it. The instructor is really good at what he's doing.
The course is a good course. The assignments were very challenging and the instructor is also a very good one. I hope to take more MOOCs from him as I progress. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Instructional videos very clear and helpful.  Course is well thought through, well organized, and well maintained.  I will definitely be taking more courses from this instructor.
This is a very good course. It is very well-explained and you feel that you finally start programming FOR REAL. I recommend it 100% for anyone who is trying to start programming!
Very helpful if you want to learn how to deal with web data using Python. Dr. Chuck explains really well. Homeworks keep simple and focuses on the important concepts. Five stars!
Awesome Course. Learnt a lot on how to use Google API's. Dont have knowledge on the JSON or XML but this gave me a brief intro of everything i need. Big Thanks to Professorrrr!!!
Fantastic Dr. Chuck course - by far the most motivating course I went thru on coursera. Well do to Chuck and Congratulation to your (behind the curtains) team for their work too.
This is definitely a very good course,but as the course gets into JSON,API ,it gets little difficult to totally understand these topics,though the course as a whole is very good
Really enjoyed this course.  I found the 'worked' example videos to be excellent.  They were thoroughly explained, so I was able to understand what every line of code was doing.
I really liked this course. It would be even better if it contained more worked examples, but I understand that it is impossible to show solutions for all the possible problems.
This course is amazingly put together! Dr. Chuck is very funny and engaging (plus passionate). I would strongly recommend this course; it's very hard to find a course like this.
An easy MOOC as long as you know some Python programming but quite interesting for a global view of some of the available Python libraries and techniques for accessing web data.
I have come along way in this course in the last 7 weeks. I looked up the latest University rankings when I started the course. The University of Michigan is very highly rated.
Another great course. More challenging than the previous ones which shows how much there is to learn. Will continue with additional courses from this instructor and university.
One of the most interesting course in the whole specialization Python for everybody, there is a great number of assignments giving you on-hand training. Dr. Chuck, you rock !!!
This is the third course in this specialization which I have competed. And... I started to use Python to do my job routine! It is so cool)Thanks, Dr. Chuch! You are a magician!
I'm really thankful for this course. I cameout of my local PC, I came out of my Python's understanding. It's really cool. Now there is a new page of Internet is opeon for work.
As always, Dr. Chuck makes learning this material fun and interesting. Nice to be getting to some good, hands-on, stuff after learning the foundational material. Thank you Doc!
this is the awesome course, its a bit difficult for me I find this course challenging I've to refer the google for other information but overall the course is good and helpful
This course really helped me to understand how we can easily and cleverly fetch data from the web and the immense applications of API.I am very grateful to Dr.Chuck.Thank You.
A very exciting course taught by a very professional and nice teacher. The course was very well balanced. This course really boost my interest to learn even more about Python.
I think that's most powerful course i attend but i have small comment regarding API I think it will be good if we do something like project and what's fields i need to use API
An excellent part of the Python for Everybody specialization, this course explains Python's connections with web data in very simple language and with interesting assignments.
I like this course so much. Not only this one, but the whole series. I learned a lot and I feel myself into Python now. The lectures are great, so are the examples and tricks.
Excellent content. A good approach to how we can access web data using a programming language. I really like how that "Don´t repeat yourself" premise is applied by Dr. Chuck.
Sometimes easy, sometimes hard.  Learned a lot! Interesting how very simple programs can be used to interact so easily with API's like Google's or twitter.Excellent teacher!.
A great continuation of the former course, it assumes that you now have a certain knowledge of the language but it gives you all the tools you need to learn the new contents.
This is a great online beginner python database course. Thank you Dr. Chuck and your team in leading to the world of python. It was an enjoyable experience learning with you.
This is the best course ever for accessing the web using Python programming. Every concept and program is broken down for better understanding. Thank you so much, professor.
Easy and understandable for someone just starting to get acquainted with Python. Leaves me with a mushroom cloud of confidence to study further and learn more advance stuff.
Very nicely explained !!Recommend this course for learning Python Strings, REST Api's using Python, Examples with Google GeoLocation Api and Twitter Api.Thank You Dr Chuck .
Course is thoughtfully put together. The assigned work is sufficiently hard for a class at this level, and the teacher provides great resources to review the class material.
Very complete. I am taking advantage of my time during quarantine and before I hadn't had any contact with code. It has been a great experience I hope to continue learning.
this was a level up. I learned a lot of new things in this course. and the most fascinating thing was that we were able to retrieve data from the web . I loved this course.
Amazing course. This is really incredible. It really opens up a whole new world to access data along the Internet and how to process and extract information from this data.
Of course worth to attend this fantastic course!you can learn many basic but essential orders and codes in a quite comprehensive way from Dr. churk and it is really funny!!
This is a course where you will understand all about web, servers, web services, json, xml and other internet protocols and how to use Python to interact with these topics.
I'm totally satisfied with enrolling in this course. Thank you, Coursera for giving me the chance to use the materials and everything. You are changing my future for sure.
It is my first time to learn web protocols and how to access web data using python. It is a little bit challenging at the beginning while it is fun to learn something new.
Itook this course as part of the Python for Everybody Specialization in Coursera, this is what I considered is the first encounter with the use of Python in the Real World
Great lessons on how to access  web data using python. I really like the way Dr Chuck enjoys and makes learning fun in particularly the singing with a band in Switzerland.
El curso es pedagógico, flexible y eficaz  . Lo recomiendo , me parecio muy bueno. The course is pedagogical, flexible and effective. I recommend it, I found it very good.
Another course taught by Dr. Chuck, maintaining same levels of quality and excellence as other courses. Recommended to get a better understanding of Python's capabilities.
great course for beginners, highly explanatory and easy to follow. Feel the course can be bit more detailed helping professionals get greater deal of technical knowledge.
Love this course...It was a grat time spending in learning this course...I really enjoyed completing the assignments and quizzes........overall best experience I ever had
Great courseGreat instructor, and funny professional, who explains all basic thing according to the course theme. Excellent course for beginners to learn Python language.
Great class/specialization. A month ago I didn't know anything about programming and now I'm web scraping with python and can see a path towards actually coding for once.
I am a newbie in programming but through Professor Charles Severanz. I learned things that i didnt know such as XML parsing, JSON. how to extract data from the web itself
A really good course introducing us to how data is shared all across the globe and how to extract the same from the web. Very interactive and good assignment and quizzes.
Really awesome course to know how to access web data using python. I love this materials because those materials are excellent, excellent teaching style perfect examples.
I am a daily user of the web. I ignored how its works. Now I understand its principle. Python is a good support to understand.Again this course was very very interesting.
kind of weird actually to have "internet" accessed using python in the middle of a specialization, rated beginner course. but overall i somewhat understand the material.
Dr. Chuck does a great job of taking students through from simple to increasingly complex topics in a logical way. I've enjoyed the course and I'm excited to learn more.
thanks to dr.chuck for taking this course...he is really cool...and his way of teaching is awesome...i referred this course to my friends...they are really doing good...
I like the way Dr Chuck teaching, he gave the fundamental lesson of what we need to know for accessing the web. This is may differentiate with other course. Great work.
BEAUTIFUL COURSE, IT GAVE A VERY NICE OUTLINE OF WHAT IS DATA SCRAPING AND ALSO TOUCHED OTHER TOPICS LIKE THE INTERNET HISTORY, APIs. THE COURSE IS REALLY INTERESTING!!
It was great...If you love python, and want to work with web data, api then this course is for you. Every lecture & assignment is incredible. Moreover, it is very easy
Dr. Chuck is the best! I had no problem getting to know about the intricate things mentioned in this course, because it was all explained by the prof very beautifully.
I was able to get a fundamental understanding of how to access the web data. What you need to use and how data is structured on the web. Great step by step explanation
Very interesting things learnt by end of this course. The structure of course is very well built, how each concept is introduced and built upon is very easy to follow.
Chucks sir always teaches in the best way. But this course was little difficult foe me , but will do it properly by practicing .Overall it is a understandable course.
It is a well-structured course to get the knowledge to access web data using the python programming language.  And I should say, Dr.Chuck's teaching style is awesome.
Excellent Course, very challenging but if you took the first two courses and really understand what is going on, then you shouldn't have any problems working thru it.
I really enjoyed the class. Dr. Chuck makes full use of the medium to make it interesting. I read the book before but this online course really brings python to life.
Great overview, but not enough of a good thing; I would have liked for the course to be a bit longer and go more in detail. Still an interesting course for beginners.
Its great course. I am enjoying it. Right now I am in week 2, so cant tell more than this. But, I really like the way this class is going on . Thanks for this course!
Continuing with the experience I had with the previous course, the content is exceptionally delivered to ensure maximum uptake by students. Professor Chuck rocks...!!
Very to good course for python programming!cheers to Dr.chucks for his tremendous teaching techniques.I wish i could meet Dr. Chucks, just like the Office Hours " :)
Excellent course! The teachings are well and concisely organized and still clear to follow, so that students can learn efficiently. I learned a lot from this course!
This course helped me gain insight into the relation between Python and accessing data using it. It introduced diverse concepts and the the videos were very helpful.
Really Enjoyed taking up the course. Dr. Chuck taught how to access web data using python in a very easy to understand manner. I enjoyed the lessons and assignments.
It is very useful for a biginner to get to know the application of python efficiently. Many thanks to Dr.Chuck and the group that managed all the learning materials!
The course is a huge leap from the previous series, the amount of satisfaction after this course is awesome. i would recommend to anyone who wants to seek challenge.
I am a complete beginner. Dr Chuk helped me understand and master complex concepts in an easy way. Ever grateful to the him and everyone who made this course happen.
Very challenging but rewarding with all the tools needed to work through the assignments despite their twists. Great learning resource and Dr. Chuck rocks as always!
Well thanks a lot Dr chuck,learned a lot of python web structures and it's dataAnd your presentation of putting one topic is compared second to noneWell thanks again
I began my web scrapping, html and xml parsing journey from here, and I'm proud of myself to choose this course as the beginner. This simply worked the best for me!
a real challenging course that had some really good level problems to work on. And as always DR.CHUCK was at his best in taking my boat through. Thank you coursera!
It was a great opportunity to learn a way to access remote data with Python. Dr. Charles Severance is a wonderful professional to transfer knowledge at the audience
Perfect Course Content and nice way of teaching by Dr. ChuckIf there are lectures on AI and robotics by Dr. Charles then it will be great experience.Pls let me know
A bit more challenging than courses 1+2, but that's what I liked most about this course. You learn to integrate your knowledge and apply it to real world scenarios.
Very good course, difficult at times but the staff is always very helpful and replies in a timely manner. I am taking this course with a friend and we both love it.
Another great class by Charles - not only a great teacher, but does it with awesome attitude and enthusiasm for the subject matter, makes it easy to stay motivated.
Learned a lot... Not too much information thrown at you at once, just enough so you can tackle the assignment on your own with the information you have been given.
Best base overview in coursera for Python to Access Web Data. But, of course, for real life you're need more complicated  courses and tasks to get ready for a job.
Amazing way of teaching and you will get everything they promise you will learn. Highly recommended for everyone that needs to know more about internet and python.
If you were thinking python was boring just wait till you work these projects. Some amazing stuff happening here and I can not wait to continue the specialization.
Good course, things learned from this course can be easily applied to real application. However, it will even be better if more programming practices are provided.
Thank you for the great course!Really appreciate your way to explain complex things in a simple manner!Recommend for everyone to subscribe the Dr. Chuck's courses!
Great course to get you started with Web data in Python. You may have to do some in-depth research about a couple of thing, but as I said, it is perfect to start.
A bit more challenging than the previous two, but very rewarding! I don't think it's hard, but you need to be very confident and familiar with previous materials.
As a high school teacher learning how to process student performance data to drive instruction, I found this and Dr. Sev's instructional style incredible helpful!
Great teaching. Genuinely share useful tips and add fun into teaching. Best teacher I have come across thus far on Coursera and Edx combined. Keep the great work!
The best brain of the nation may be found to get the specialization in Python by Charles SIr from the University of Michigan. Thank you Charles sir and Coursera.
A very high quality and condensed course on a number of interesting topics like web scrapping, sockets, RE, XML, & JSON. Professor Charles is a great instructor.
Excellent teaching work with fantastic videos.  Assignments were challenging and interesting than expected. Looking forward for more such similar stuff from you.
Excellent course, fantastic instructor. The lectures are well-designed and well-delivered. The assignments are not challenging enough, but overall they were fun.
I love this specialization series of Python. Lecturer is so good and can understand very well. I want to finish my specialization in Python as soon as possible.
That was the best I have learned so much new things from this course thank you for this course. Most thanks to instructor Dr. Chuck for this wonderful guidance.
Somehow this section is bit confusing or rather to say the content is not really enough to work alone. Not even to solve the assignments without  example codes.
As i continue the journey to Python for everybody i get excited to learn day to day so useful things that i can use in my future professional and personal life!
This course inspired me to take extra effort and learn new concepts. It might seem difficult to understand at first but just keep going. Persistence is the key.
Dr Chuck explains everything in a clear and fun way, as always! The assignments are challenging enough and you get to play and have fun with xml and (geo)json !
This course is awesome. However would have liked to see few more assignments, like something based on twitter APIs etc. Never the less these course are awesome.
Excellent course, teaches you from a to z how to do web scraping with Python. It is advisable to do dr. Chuck's first 2 Python courses before starting this one.
You view the most importan topics about python and the data in the web, really easy to understand (hard to remember for a lot of information, but you can do it)
Great course for learning how to create applications that can interact with the web and are able to read data from the web services using standard data formats.
Very powerful course for beginners to programming and python that immediately gives you the tools and skills to do interesting things with the web and web data!
The best of the three so far! You really start to interact with the real world. Things start to make sense and python is really becoming a tool to do some work.
This course is really useful and the tutor always gives wonderful solution for my problem. Sincerely recommend anyone who want to learn python take this course.
Compared to the previous course on Python, this was a bit difficult to grasp. But the content delivery was really good and it made the learning relatively easy
Really nice course full with technical stuff (including real world example) and nice assignment tool with sample data to compare with.Knowledgeable instructor.
It was a great course on web scrapping . I never thought i would be able to work on XML / JSON so fluently . Thanks to Dr. Chuck for making me feel confident .
I learned a lot from this course. Dr.Chuck is a great teacher and his team of TAs and mentors is wonderful! They really help all students answer any questions.
Another great course in the Python for Everybody specialization.  Learned a lot of skills very quickly that can apply to a vast amount of different data tasks.
Superb course, and very engaging lectures!!Thanks so much, Dr. Chuck and Coursera team.Will look forward to more advanced courses on this topic from you now...
Greatly helped me learning python for web access. Some were kept unclear but I believe they will be cleared in next courses of specialization. Thanks @drchuck
Exceptionally well put materials and motivating lector! This course is definitely one of the best among those I have taken online in the last couple of years.
I learned a lot during this course. I honestly can't believe I made this far in a Python Programming course. All thanks to Dr. Chuck for guiding this lecture.
I get a great opportunity to learn these behind the GUI things.. its just awesome to get to know about all this. The teaching manner of MR. Chuck is great....
The course taught by the instructor is simply easy and great. The learning curve is not steep. Highly recommend the course for people who want to learn Python
Great course to learn how to Access Web data through Python. Easy to understand,improvise and this course is very relevant and important for python developers
Really amazing web services course. working on real-time API were awesome. Going forward to learn more in this awesome specialization . Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck
True learning with good assessing style makes this course worth for everybody who share some interest in PYTHON. Its great to  learn from this great platform.
This 3rd python class follows the trend of the two previous ones.  It steadily builds on the foundation acquired and allows to apply the skills to new levels.
If you want to learn python, I would suggest to take all the courses. Each and every course is awesome in it's own way! Well done Dr. Chuck- You are the best!
This is a very useful course. There is a lot of web apps these days and Python seems to be a very powerful way to access, translate and use data from the web.
The assignments are just difficult to solidify understanding without becoming frustrating or getting stuck. The mentors are very helpful and quick to respond.
I like the teaching style. I have learned how to do web scraping, parsing json and APIs.  Reading the book was very helpful in addition to the lecture videos.
Awesome level of teaching by Dr. Chuck, many valuable theory about web. Interesting tasks. May be the best course within whole specialization. Thanks so much!
This course teaches the "why" and the "what" as well as the "how" to gather data from around the web. Particularly excellent is the web service through API's.
I am pretty happy with the course. It would be great if you could add another section to teach how to scrap webpages which use javascript to handle requests.
I enjoyed the course, although sometimes I felt a bit lost. It was a great introduction to accessing web data, and the difficulty level was just about right.
@DrChuck does a great job of teaching core concepts, building on them, and then giving fun exercises to put it all together.  I highly recommend this course.
This course is a little hard for real beginners, but I couldn't imagine a better way to explain the concepts to dummies. Thanks Dr. Chuck. I will keep going.
Dr. Chuck is the one. Down to earth, knowledgeable, with a great sense of humor. He is inspirational and helps me learn more in the wonderful world of python
Good introduction to Python access to Web Data. The explanation is clear and concise, the code examples are very well-structured and useful after the course.
Awesome course!! The course was somewhat easy, but I learned a lot through taking this course! I think I will probably enroll Dr.Chuck's another class again!
Dr. Chuck is so nice and this course will not even be boring bcs of his fabulous teaching! Really learn a lot of useful stuff of Python after this class set!
Coming from zero background in web, I am truly loaded with lots of stuff about web, data, serialization etc.  It was very interesting to learn these skills.
This is certainly a good course to learn web-scraping from scratch to an intermediate level. I would recommend the course to the people who are enthusiasts.
It was quite knowledgeable course, I have learnt so much from this course, accessing data from internet and working on that. it was quite difficult as well.
Loved this course as it provided hands on experience on scraping web data of different format like html, json, xml . Would definitely recommend this course.
Enjoyable course, I found good challenges with assessments, especially one before last one. It really turned me to make more effort thinking. Nice course!!!
It was great experience , easy to understand and easy to learn , I am feeling glad to be a student of prof. Dr. Chuck, thank you sir and thank you COURSERA.
Awesome..Awesome..Awesome..!!
Those who are wishing to learn python, this the one of best opportunity. Just grab  it :)
Lot of Thanks to  @CharlesSeverance.
The instructors breaks every concept into easily comprehensible bits, so the next time you resume learning you build off a firm understanding. Great course.
Very accessible and a clearly knowledgeable professor. Materials and pace is great for a beginner to programming or someone looking to learn a new language.
Great course which helped me  learn a lot about what I wanted to know. Done well with quizzes and assignments and Mr Charles makes class easy to understand.
this was a great start in the world of data extraction from the web. I am very grateful for all of this and for Dr. Chuck and his excellent teaching method
This course was really fun and challenging at times. You really need to work through examples and exercises and not get frustrated to get through this one.
It is a very good introductory course over the structure of web data, how to use Python to access and analyze web data. I find the course very interesting.
Super Super Super Awesome. As in really Super Super Super Awesome. I have done courses at lots of other places is this is one of the best. Dr. Chuck Rules.
Got to love professor Severance. He is great. Truly passionate and insipiring human being. A really humble genius. Thank you so much for all you work Prof.
I like the way the instructor teaches this class. It is full of fun and knowledge. I feel like to use python a lot more now, thanks to this coursera class!
i had no knowledge in web api. After this course, I feel confident now to go out and start using all the APIs out there and build my own python application
Good pace for a beginner/intermediate level Python programmer. The exercises are meaningful and fairly simple. The course is meant only to get you started.
You can use the program above as a starter code for any website you want to scrape, but you will have find the HTML elements and tweak the codes a little.
Very very useful. I never had such course in my past. I really enjoyed and got priceless knowledge about web data through this course. Thank You Dr. Chuck
Amazing course, with an excellent teacher and everything nicely put and easy to understand. Can't wait to continue this specialization on courses 4 and 5!
Challenging for a newbie like me and required to do a back and forth at times. But loved the  lectures where basic explanations by Dr. Chuck helped a lot.
i am so happy that i finished it. but i still cannot handle some situation about accessing web data. i will keep studying in my life. thanks for Dr.Chuck!
As I said on the previous courses, Charles Severance is an outstanding teacher, his explanations are the best and simple, is the best course I ever took!!
this was more difficult but a subject I have been interested in for a long time. I had to review the material to complete the project but it was worth it.
Useful and practical examples. Theory is clearly demonstrated with sample code. Engaging teacher. Well produced and synchronized ideas with code practice.
Dr Chuck made an excellent job! I enjoyed learning from the beginning till the end! This course is going to be a solid foundation of my career. Thank you.
I liked it very much. Good style, do not go into useless details, focus on understanding, enough to start the deeper understanding on your own. Thank you!
This course is phenomenal. I learned so much from this course. Dr.Chuck is one of the best professors you will find and is very entertaining to listen to.
I really liked the lectures and the simple way Charles explained things. His attitude was very pleasant, the best I so far experienced in a video course.
Content is getting harder.  Some additional explanation of how to get the from having a URL to pulling in the XML / JSON data would have been beneficial.
In this course, I started to encounter some really difficult tasks, and I sincerely appreciate the help of the teaching assistant and Dr. Chuck's videos.
The course is very nice , The assingments of  the course are very good and are very useful for the implication of the concepts learned from the classes .
i think this course is great but it needed a little more knowledge in web stuff overall it was well explained i didn't need to get knowledge from outside
i 've been always looking for a course on web scraping and this is my best one so far. although i am new to python...the lecture is quite easy to follow.
Very good course! Introduced me to web scraping an enriched me with the basics.This is a good starting point for anyone who wants to learn web scraping.
The class was well-taught and well-structured. The instructor was clear and the resources provided were very useful in helping me to learn the concepts.
Dr Chuck made a complex topic so easy to follow and understand. And making the codes and books accessible are just of enormous help! Thank you Dr Chuck!
Really enjoyed it. Web crawling, XML and JSON parsing and a lot of other things that python can do in over the internet. Really great. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
Wonderful course for anyone with zero prior coding experience, or those who know other languages but want a way to grasp the important basics of Python.
I really enjoyed this class.  Thee professor's way of teaching makes it very easy to understand python. I am looking forward to his other future classes
This is best course for anyone who is learning programming. The course starts with the understanding of basics in programming followed by complex usage.
Learned a lot about Google and other APIs, and how to use them! Definitely helpful when learning about how to access and analyse important data sources!
The course provides useful knowledge. It's fun to learn with Dr. Chuck, he is a great teacher.Thank you for all the knowledge, I will definitely use it.
The course is short but so much fun! I learned a lot from the course material as well as the interviews with those big names in CS. Great job, Dr Chuck!
Fantastic course! Dr. Chuck is an excellent professor! The course 
content is very deep, clearly exposed and very funny. I hope people 
could enjoy it!
Superb course. Very harder considering the first 2 courses. I gave a lot of effort to complete the assignments and I studied a lot. Thank you so much!!
A good, simple review of the basic components of working with the web - REST, json, xml, http.  Just a flavour, but gives you the tools to get started.
The course made use of learnings from previous courses, making the knowledge gained incrementally. As always Dr. Chuck is a great and humorous teacher.
Dr. Chuck is an excellent teacher.  The example he gave are right to the point and are practical to use in real-life programming.  Thank you Dr. Chuck.
The assignments are getting a bit more complex. Good understanding of the data and how to cycle through it is now needed. Dr. Chuck explains very well.
Not to easy so you have to understand what does what you want while not being so hard that you cannot find the answer and solve your errors by yourself
Amazing course! It has a good pace, in terms of level of difficulty, it progresses really well! Dr. Chuck is an amazing professor and does a great job!
This is the first course I actually finished and understood completely. Dr. Chuck is the greatest professor I've ever met! Thank you Dr. Chuck! :))))))
Dr.Chuck, you really laid out the lessons beautifully and precisely. One can easily understand all the topics and grasp all the values. Hats off, sir!
Too much contents in this course, though, it is great, because sometimes, as a beginner, you don't have to understand all the detail of some commands.
A very good course structure and the instructor is one of the best, the REST API description is just great, a recommended one for all python aspirants
I would recommend this course to everyone as this course has well organized content and Dr. Charles demonstrated an excellent teaching style. Like it!
I hope that we dive more deeply into these topics in the future classes. I like the format of the class and would gladly take as many as were offered.
Chuck is awesome. And his classes are awesome. Learnt much about JSON, XML, data parsing and how to use python to interact with the web in this class.
Pretty solid class overall. Definitely some things that I am glad I learned here. Such as library use and applying data structures to actual problems.
Again, great course from awesome programming teacher Dr. Chuck! Recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn the basics of API and web parsing.
Dr.Chuck is one of the awesome instructor you can get on coursera.The material is beginner friendly and is good to start your journey.Thanks dr.Chuck
Excellent course, the instructor Chuck is amazing, he is really clear when explains all the technical concepts, also the examples are really usefull.
Awesome course .got to learn a lot of new things!!I want to thank Proff. charles Severance for teaching us and providing us  a wonderful experience!!
The course content is simple and well explained by the instructor. This course gave me the confidence to use python to access web at the basic level.
Very nice course to start understanding how the data moves from here to there. Many many thanks to Coursera and Capgemini for providing the resource.
In this course, we are taught ways to access data that comes from the web. Explanations are quite easy to follow and practice. Thank you Dr. Chuck ^^
The instructor made the entire leaning process fun and easy to follow &understand.  I loved it and I learned a lot from it.  Thank you Mr. Severance!
Challenging, fun. Materials great - Videos spot on, Assignments tough enough, but each teases out new concepts and reinforces prior learning. Thanks!
Good course to learn how to do something with web data.  The course provides information and explains libraries that will assist in parsing the data.
Yet again another great course, this one was a bit more challenging and got to more real-world type scenarios.  Really enjoyed it.  On to the next...
It's a very good introduction on how to use Python to access web data and storing it in a database, process and conduct analysis that you would like.
love the teaching style of Chuck and the very actionable tests and scripts providedthis is an essential foundation training. cannot recommend it more
This course helped me immensely with API fundamentals that I always wanted to know about. It is the beginning of greater things. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Assignments could be a little more difficult and not exactly like examples. Still a great course and I learned a lot about retrieving data from urls.
In this course I learn JSON, HTML, and how to access the data from the Websites Thank you very much dear Coursera Team for giving this opportunities
It was really great and it taught me more real-world applications than the previous 2 courses (which was a given since those were beginner courses).
Great course with a refresher on networking. Dr. Chuck is splendidly understandable and explains concepts that even a layperson could easily absorb.
The course covered usefull applications and methodes to access web data. My only problem was that while I was doing it, it was switched to python 3.
It is a very good course with book. The only think is I would like to have a more complex exercises. Most of them are just to modify some given code
This is the course i really enjoyed to complete till now. i do not know if i will enjoy course 4 and 5 but i really enjoyed course 3. I really did.
Great Course! You can really undestand diferent terms like JSON, APIS, encoding and decoding data from the web, everything from a Python Enviroment
It was an awesome course. I have never thought that we can do such things with web using Python. Thanks to University of Michigan for such a Course
The teacher is great, I think difficulty is greater than the previous 1-2 but reviewing, studying and doing some research you can have good results
Just a fantastic class.  The things I've learned!  The confidence I've gained in my ability to figure things out!Truly, a wonderful set of classes.
This was one of the best course I ever took in python. Now I use it to understand the web and also to write API program. Thank you so much Coursera
Very usefull and interesting course. I have learned a lot about web access, xml, Json and APIs. But some examples and explanations wold be better.
This is a great course to learn how to access web data using Python. The course teaches the fundamentals of XML, JSON, API and other Web Services.
Learned elemental techniques to use Regular Expressions, XML, and JSON as well as connecting programmatically to web servers from a Python program
Great for learning some real-world applications of code with good videos and exercises that allow you to practice without getting too complicated.
The teaching style is way too awesome. Have been a bit of trouble in understanding  deep concepts as I was not from a computer science background
This course helps me to understand how data is transferred between applications and also what are the best practices that are been used nowadays.
Excelent !The course is very well structured. Like everything, it is up to us to review and practice the points that Professor Chuck is teaching.
I enjoyed going through the course. Already thinking of some good projects to apply my newly gained knowledge toThanks Dr. Chuck  Thanks Coursera
great course!  This course taught me a great deal, I learned how to access information on the Internet and I have improved my Python capabilities
one of the best course so far.. getting to know how to access web data using json, xml.. still kinda hard to remember. so need to practice daily.
making it simple to get familiar with programming ,coding and the world of computers and help to start in the field of computer science with ease
Best courses ever !As a bioinformatician, Python is a very essential language to learn, and it was never easier than this.Thank you Dr.Severance!
This course taught me so many things that I never knew existed. It was somewhat tough journey but simple if you have completed last two courses.
After taking this class, I'm now confident that I know about API's and web services. Excellent tutor, love it. Highly recommended for beginners.
this is the third class of phyton programming for everybodyIt's same with the previous class, which is an AMAZING COURSE WITH A GREAT INSTRUCTOR
The lesson is a bit too fast for me. There are so many useful libraries to use and shortcut the learning and working process. Python is awesome.
Lecture slides were well explained and assignments were not too difficult so getting demoralized was out of the question. Thanks for everything.
Excellent course, very well design and set up. Great professor and very effective.To the point; focus on concepts and core practical techniques.
good course by best tutor. I really enjoyed playing with web, expression and specially JSON. But I think I need to practice more to get perfect
Enjoyed this course! The problems were brilliantly designed. Got to know a lot of new things and it has influenced me to learn more new things!
This course is very well structured and excellently taught by Prof. Charles. This is one of the few Coursera courses I have thoroughly enjoyed.
Assignments were challenging. I had a great learning experience throughout the course! I got to know about how things happen in the background.
This course quickly gives me an overview of how to write a web crawling program using Python, from fundamental to practice. Highly recommended!
Useful contents, again, I love how Charles used those metaphors to make all the systems/protocols/programming languages so easy to understand!
As always Dr. Charles Severance is a great lecturer. The structure of the class, the material and the examples make it easy also for beginners
Great course just as every Dr Chuck's courses do. Clear introduction on how to connect to the web with Python, different file formats and api
Really good course, as the instructor kept the lessons to the foundational points and didn't go too much into crazy detail, as we're all new.
it has been a great experience in taking and finishing this course, especially on how Dr. Chuck give the explanation and also the assignment.
Great class.  More challenging than the previous two courses, but worth it for the skills you gain.  Highly recommend.  Dr. Chuck is the man!
It's good but more examples to practise finding the right elements in json data structures with multiple lists and dictionaries would be good
Thanks Dr.chuck has provided such great course. This is a good course to get basic skill to access web data using Python. Five star recommend
Great course. Interesting and fun. Final assignment could be a bit more difficult, imho (but that doesn't make me give me less than 5 stars).
The  information is presented is really easy to understand useful. I wish I could dr Chuck teach more complicated subject like algorithm !!!!
That was one of the most interesting courses. It's amazing what you can do with this language, the web data you can manipulate. It's awesome.
This particular course in python specialization is a bit challenging but it's really exciting.Learnt a lot about parsing data from websites.
I enjoyed this course very much and while I didn't think I would use what was taught I was pleasantly surprised as I do have a use for API's
The course was a bit challenging, but as a whole it was very good. The discussion forums were a great help for me while solving assignments.
Very useful course in understanding how to read web data. Highly Recommened Course to take your python programming skills to the next level.
Concepts were explained nicely. There is no deep dive though, but I think deep dive at a beginner state is detrimental for further progress.
Dr. Chuck has been a very inspirational and enjoyable teacher.  I have learned a great deal about Python and have had a great time doing it.
I enjoyed the course, was also tasking. Got frustrated at some points but i eventually got through it. really a great time learning python.
Everything is fine excluding the final assignment of the week 6. Nobody told how to use "key=42" and where to put it (spoiler: at the END).
Coursera is the best, till now I have completed three courses on coursera. And about Using Python to Access Web Datais best thing I learned
Awesome course. Now I can basically understand about networking. How to crawl data from the internet, or using socket to acess data outside
Great overview course to get the idea and basic operations by yourself. Good for beginners and leading to more thorough learnings later on.
Excellent course. The instructor is very good and explains each and every concept in a crystal clear way. I learned a lot from this course.
I really enjoyed this class and it covered a lot of material in regards to web programming.  I learned a lot that I am already using daily.
Love Dr.Chunk! But find it little hard for me to understand those Internet things. Recommend to take some basic courses about the Internet.
very fun course to learn, a slightly advanced level course after this(doesn't matter included in this specialization or not) will be great!
Dr Chuck rock the MOOC ball, yes he does. This course is fantastic to get a hand on what actually is to "connect over the internet". Do it!
Another in an excellent series of Python courses. Thanks for making the videos shorter, it's hard to download stuff here in Southeast Asia.
This course is were things start to get a little complicated. It is a perfect course for learning the basics of web scraping using python.
Great support from the moderators. I am in love with this course. Wasn't so excited in the beginning but now i simply love the curriculum.
The course is fantastic. Its a great course for anyone starting to learn web services. Detailed code walkthrough on how to parse xml/json.
Awesome course!!! Web scraping on the go now. One tiny improvement would be great, to show how to do twitter/facebook/etc more in details.
Dr Chuck takes you step by step through the process of accessing data from web pages and services. Clear and detailed.Everything you need.
Excellently structured course. Gives an overview of all important concepts. Practice alongside this course will be definitely beneficial.
Its perfect course although it looks tough but its what we need to know if somebody  is into web data I'lldefinately recommend him or her
It is awesome-ly amazing to learn for Dr. Chuck. He has made the classes very enjoyable and informative. Love his classes! Thank you Sir.
It's super useful to know how to get data directly from website, and automatically pull and analyse the piece of information of interest.
This another good course of this specialization and I really enjoy it.It basically connect me to the world of Internet do some good stuff
Good course... Properly explained and project code is designed in a way that a beginner can understand. Need more projects in the course.
Super-useful course that is full of practical information for anyone writing code to interface with web services.  I highly recommend it.
The way of teaching is very good as I am always able to grasp the things easily. With no doubt he is one of my best teachers in Coursera.
Another amazing course by Dr. Chuck. I feel like I'm starting to get closer to real world applications with Python and its very exciting.
I like this course. Though there is some thing unclear in the week 6. I think it would be better to explain more basic concept about API.
Really nice course. It is a bit dense, so it takes time to digest what you see in the lectures but if you put the effort you learn a lot.
Excellent Course, Course lectures are very informative and easily digested. The exercises reinforces the information the lessons covered.
I would like to thank Dr. Charles Severance for a very informative and easy to learn material. It was pleasant to go through this course.
As always wonderful. For me assignments could have been harder but I have 2 years experience with programming in Python. Thanks dr Chuck!
Great course! really learnt alot of stuff to access the web data through python . The lectures are amazing to grasp the concepts deeply.
Enjoyed the course completely understood the concept of parsing web data using python , XML , JSON Thank you coursera Thank you Dr Chuck
Great course. Course structuring help in really understanding the concepts clearly. Assignments were really interesting and challenging.
First thing first, Dr. Chuck again amazingCourse was amazing. It provided a foundation for me to start working on web APIs using Python.
Starting to get a good feel for writing programs that access data through web services.  I can see applications in real life taking form
Dr. Chuck is a great instructor, I very much enjoyed his lecture. Programming course can be boring but not if it is taught by Dr. Chuck.
This was quite amazing - getting from hello world to writing web scraping code. And the professor's enthusiasm makes it feel effortless.
Well structured course, as always. Good work to all of you from the University of Michigan that made this course possible. Best regards.
This course is amazing, one of the best programming courses I've seen. The material is excellent and Dr. Chuck is an amazing professor.
Thank you Dr. Chuck. This is a new experience of using Python to me. I can't believe how powerful Python is after i finish this course.
very good coursevery good contentvery good and excellent afforts of dr.chuck and teamexcellent work learned a lot with fun very good :)
FINALLY...! DONE WITH LOT OF PATIENCENeeds so much effort than previous coursesgreat to complete and moving forward;;thanks !! DR.CHUCK
Great course, a little bit challengin on the assignments but indeed fruitful, since by doing them the amount of learning is incredible.
A course I recommend to any one who needs the basics of python programming. Very usefull for network and system administrators as well.
Fantastic! Learned a lot and felt much of what we learned was very useful to understanding and being able to apply the concepts taught.
Charles Severance is a truly exceptional teacher. I learned a lot about how to access web data and engage with API's. Loved the course.
This is the first course in the specialization  that made me feel that python is difficult, it was challenging but fun and interesting
Another great class from Dr Chuck!  The graded assignments in the tools where we get to write code are the best learning.  Keep it up!
Enjoyable and rewarding, feel like I have learnt how to do so much already and its only the start. Cant wait to start the next course!
Nice bonuce videos!)) I think this course was really useful to understand basics of operating with web data and serialization formats.
Excellent course and highly recommended to people who want to understand how the web works and how we can handle the data it provides.
Very well organized course. Easy to understand and of course more fun learning Python and how to use its libraries to access web data.
Great introduction how to get data from web data in different format and ways. It's really esay to manipulate data jason from API Rest
Very useful course. Good design from instructor, easy to learn with examples. useful for most non-professional program writer. thanks.
We can start using our programming skills and access data from the web and use it. Very easy to understand and brilliant presentation.
the course is good for the beginner's and provide the small great examples to help the students to understand the concepts to maximum.
a good introduction to retrieve pages and (de)serialization of JSON and XML using Python modules, ending with an introduction to APIs.
Some videos are lagging a bit, it can come from my connexion. The assignments were more complex than previous sessions which is nice.
Very useful. It teachs you to access quite a good range of data in the Web , including Geolocations. Thanks Dr. Chuck! Really useful!
Very good course, more advanced than the previous ones and it gives you the main insights about handling data retrieved from the web.
Dr.Chuck's great sense of humor enabled a fun learning experience. Quite enjoy it. Will take other courses offered by the instructor.
you can learn how to use XML and JSON with python at a glance. An excellent course for beginners. wish there was advanced courses too
there were quite lots of concepts that i couldn't understand. but i really liked that we could access to the Internet using Python :)
Great content. Dr. Chuck has presented some of the most complicated concepts in a very simple manner. It was great learning with you!
Once again A+, I feel very comfortable with what I am learning.  I work all the examples in the book and the team is very supportive.
Excellent course, straightforward and Dr Severance has a great teaching style. Pragmatic and clear. Thoroughly recommend this course.
Great class, like the previous ones. However, I liked the split screen with the slides on one side and the video on the other better.
good content simple yet covered many parts , learnt about rest api and other things . As usual Dr Chuck you are great mentor . Thanks
Lots of new things to learn. Beginners should complete the first two courses before attending this one.Excellent teacher and mentors.
The prof chuck teaches very efficiently , he explains everything very properly. for novice like me , this course proved very helpful
it surprises me that this course is harder than the second chapter, but im glad because i learn so much from this chapter, thank you
Practical and engaging course. I was pleased that Charles has assignments completed in an IDE/command line and not Jupyter Notebook.
Great course.  It shows how relatively easy it is to extract data from web pages and Google/Twitter APIs using Python.  Eye-opening.
A beautiful introduction to the topics of web services and accessing web data using python. Thanks Professor Charles Severance !! :)
Much better than previous 2. Very direct to the point course. Not digging too deep, but opening a vast universe for future research.
Personally, I struggled at bit, but that was mostly due to lack of time. If you read all the instructions carefully, you'll be fine.
Very good course for developing yourskills with Web, many new interesting and usefull information. Good constructed tasks. Recomend!
Great course with great materials. Dr Chuck has really been an inspiration now. He teaches complex courses in a very simplified way.
Great course, especially when accompanied with book. The lecturer is great with nice sense of humour. Tho the fee is a bit too high.
Another course from Dr. Chucks. Hope to complete the specialisation soon. Great job Dr. Chucks. You have an amazing teaching skill.
An amazing course on Python programming and using it to access the web data.The course was very well taught and easy to understand.
Excellent course and an amazing instructor too! Learned a lot about Web scraping using Python and some intro to using APIs as well.
New approach for concepts that are useful to understand the actual dynamic of data science, computer science and world requirements
Really wonderful course, displays the simplicity of json and the power of python , how to use web services , was my favourite part!
I am really grateful to Coursera and Dr. CHUCK  for the platform and guidance.This course was really challenging and worth my time.
Dr. Chuck teaches with such enthusiasm that it made me love programming and learn more than what is required to complete the course
I have acquired a lot of practical skills and knowledge of the python,  I will keep trying to practice them until I can master them
Many thanks to those who made this wonderful class. Thanks instructor Dr.Chuck, mentors, and classmates that I've never met though.
This course is amazing!!!!!!It is harder than the beginning courses, but every time I turn in the assignment I feel really excited.
great course - great lectures, great video content. Easy to follow and good assignment which help the content come alive.thanksMark
Dr. Chuck is an awesome educator and his passion to develop and expand MOOCs to address our outdated education system is inspiring.
Great style of teaching and the material is excellent, a great introduction for users of data (esp external data and through API's)
Sir has made this course much interesting by teaching us JSON, APIs, socket and much more.  Course content is clear to understand.
mind-blowing!! , amazing  course i have no word to define the level, of course, it is for the beginner as well as the intermittent
Give the foundations how to handle different kind of data structures, like xml and json and how to retrieve that data from an url.
The basic knowledge of using Python for WEB. That is what I was looking for. Super. Brilliant. Thanks  to Cousera, Thanks to Chuck
Its a great course. Dr. Chuck has outdone himself with this. The ample examples were really helpful in understanding the concepts!
The instructor and the material actually help you learn, instead of just throwing you in the deep and expect you to figure it out.
Dr. Chuck was an excellent Faculty. Now I was very interested in learning web access using python. The course extremely Excellent
the lectures and exercises are great and made me learn quickly concepts with which I had never had any contact before! thank you!
Dr Chuck is an amazing teacher. He teaches like a storyteller. It becomes very easy to understand when I have a teacher like him.
As with the other courses in this specialisation, I loved the course, the instructor Dr Chuck and I'm thoroughly enjoying Python!
Awesome course! It was wonderful studying python to extract and use web data using json and xml. Charles is an amazing teacher :)
I found the course most enjoyable and the material all meat and no fluff - it taught exactly what it set out to teach - impressed
I absolutely loved this course! The way that it was structured and taught was excellent. Would definitely recommend this course.
Great course, learned a lot about how the internet actually works, and how to send and receive data using different applications
I hope there could be more assignments for practice.Anyway,this course is awesome!I learned some pratical skills in this course.
If you wanna learn how to parse HTML, XML, JSON and get started with web scraping to access data, this is a good starting point.
Great introduction to accessing web data. Won't make you an expert, but definitely puts you on the right footing to get started.
The course really guides the student and explains every bit of detail. I would recommend this course to my students and friends.
I can just say thanks a million Coursera team and especially Dr.Chuck.I really got something i wanted to get.kind regards Hassan
A great, very interesting course! The presentation of the material is fascinating. It will not be boring. Many thanks, Dr. Chuck
i would like to recommend it to my friends and my classmates, it is a great course that deserve your attention, do not waste it!
I like the style of Charles Severance. I really enjoy his lectures and learned lots of things. Thanks Mr. Severance and Coursera
This course helped me to understand a lot of things, and gave me the knowledge to create my own web scrapper tool for my web app
Great Course!Built a Instagram Bot and WhatsApp bot for personal user after completing this courseAwesome Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck
Amazing class with an amazing professor as usual. Learned a lot and was really challenging, but really fun. Highly recommend!!!
This course made me learn a lot and really helped me get started with different kinds of stuff. Thanks a lot for this course!!!
The course was tough, but dr. manage beautifully, the assignemnts were tough and ............lot to saythank you for the course
It helps you to go with a great process of understanding the use of python for accessing web data. And a lot for stuff in deep.
Charles is the best.   Very good, real life, examples.  I haven't coded in about 20 years, but picked up Python really quickly.
The good thing about this course is that it gives you idea of various libraries used to interact and extract data over network.
Great way to learn python to access web data. At least I can now start to the knowledge from this course to real time scenarios
The course is really interesting. Learned a lot of new concept about web and how to get information from web. Thanks professor.
Its an awesome subject i loved it more than my expectation.... rely loving itand a huge huge huge... fan of Dr. Chuk's teaching
老师讲得很好。虽然课程中用到的是Python2，我自己用的Python3，但是对照课本，完成作业没有问题。讲到XML和JSON那里，感觉有点难懂，下一门课要上一下Internet History，technology and Security。谢谢老师。
This is the best and interesting part yet, I think. This is because, its the place where the cool applications in python begin.
This course teach me how to explode the Internet in the practical way and not so abstract like other course or book i've learn.
Superb learning experience! I look forward to pile more skills and knowledge in the subsequent courses of this specialization.
This course helped me a lot in gaining knowledge about how useful, can Python be in extracting useful information from the web
initially its easy and slowly the increase the level , which make you to understand the concept with great understanding....<3
This is an awesome course for anyone who aspires to learn web scraping. Dr chuck's teaching methodology is also really awesome
I just loved it.Got to know interesting things how we can hit to URL how can we fetch data from various sources and retrive it
it's very useful. I think this courses are more difficult than previous two classes. I will keep on learning python. thank you
Thank you Dr-Charles for this great course and great information , looking forward to complete the rest of this specialization
This part of the course is a bit challenging but mentors are always there to assist. Thank you for all the help and feedbacks!
Awesome beginner course!  Explains complex ideas very clearly so it's easy to grasp the concepts and then apply the knowledge.
The course is very good and the topic is very very useful for those that want to learn more on how retrieve data from the web.
Loved this course. I had no idea python was so powerful. The python language truly represents power in its most simplest form.
Good Course a lot to learn but a little bit difficult so enjoyed it the assignments of first courses should also be difficult
Its an amazing course. But some of the things like api(which is intro level) were not apt for people who are not vivid coders
This was very nice and informative.Learnt a lot of new stuff through this course looking forward to use it in upcoming future
Excellent course and the instructor so if you are thinking about learning something challenging and new i wish you Good Luck.
I liked the flow of the course. Dr. Chuck did a good job explaining how to scrape data to someone who's never done it before.
I want to ask Dr.Severance.When he is coming to india next time?iI want to meet him.what a great personality.I just loved it.
Complex concepts explained in a very simple manner. I learned a lot about how to use python for the web. Thank you very much.
It was an awesome learning experience for me i have learned a lot about new things in python like web accessing and many more
This course is another great one in the Python for Everybody series. Once again I cannot recommend this course series enough!
good learning on how to exchanging data across the web. Quiz & Assignments are little tricky though overall had a great time.
It's a useful course and directly applicable to real world development work. Prof. Charles Severance is an excellent teacher.
A very nice brief course that introduces a lot of useful tools, libraries, and techniques to access the data on the Internet.
Look carefully each and every vid. Think each and everything why how. You will get it Just Keep on thinking.Try from small..
The lectures are really good and very easy going. Dr.Chuck is an amazing lecturer and I had loads of fun in these lecturers!
Very interesting course by Dr. Chuck. So many new things I have learned through this MOOC  with easy explanation. Thank You.
It is very nice course ,go for it but also take reference from Dr. Chuck book .There is some problem in  autograder I guess.
I really enjoy Dr. Severance teaching styles and the way he breaks down very complicated subjects into logical bit size chun
Amazing. A truly incredible way to figure out what happen when we request for information online or applications share data.
Thank you for the course, your efforts, time, and your sincere desire to hand over your knowledge, skills and understanding.
Excellent course. It requires high dedication and hard work, but at the end you can grab a big prize (knowledge and skills).
I feel more knowledgeable in how the web works, and how to use python to access it and manipulate the information with Json.
Very practical course on how to read HTML, XML, and JSON data and getting your hands dirty with extracting data from the web
Another excellent course with the great Dr. Charles Severance (Dr. Chuck). Very well presented and very interesting content.
Slightly harder compared to the previous one (that's something should be expected right??), but still very good explanation!
5 starts. A bit more difficult than prior sources but that is what i expected. Dr. Chuck keep my interest with his charisma.
Basic but great for beginners! I think a lot of people will "break the ice" with Coursera courses with this one. Really fun!
i really enjoyed this course it became one of my favorites it is quick it is concisous has a lot of knowledge, it is perfect
Wonderful course ... learnt a lot and was not bored .. the amount of things to learn is just right. The assignments are fun.
I've taken many online courses in technical fields and this course, largely due to the quality of the lecturer, is the best.
The course was exceptional. Everything that I learnt during the course was new to me and I found it to be very interesting.
IT was a good course and the instructor made it extremely joyful.He explains each and everything in a very professional way
Vastly covered in shortest possible time. Dr Chuck is too good. Great instructor, easy to follow lots of learning with fun.
excellent approach; love Dr Chuck's lectures and the way the information is structured. Looking forward to the next module!
Great course, easy to understand and implement. The step by step illustration by Dr. chuck is great and easy to understand.
Taught me exactly what I was hoping for with plenty of examples and challenges that tested my Python programming knowledge.
Great course, really expanded my understanding of some subjects i already had a little familiarity with.On to the next one!
There could be more assignments (maybe more complex, or with different outputs) to fix the knowledge of the video lectures.
I love how the teacher explains things, and I really did learn more than going to stackoverflow and grab a code snippet ^^
Dr. Chuck brilliantly explained this course material and his book is a great deal in learning python and its applications.
Everything is great, but please update the contents with requests and beautifulsoup for xml as well. Still a great course.
Very good, useful content. Great instructor presents material in a way that's very easy to follow along with. Recommended.
Very informative and easy to learn such cool things. Thank you for providing me such an opportunity to learn via Coursera.
Really an awesome course for anyone interested in python. Learnt a lot about parsing xml , json and getting data from web.
Especially loved the chapter on regular expressions. Give Dr. Chuck a cookie. No, he is one of the best teachers there is.
Another excellent and informative addition to the Python Specialisation Course. Builds upon previous knowledge seamlessly.
Brilliant course. Loved the way Python can access web data so easily in few lines of code. Thanks Dr. Charles and team (Y)
Great Course as usual but the last two assignments  kind of looked a bit hard but not really....Thank you to proff Charles
This course is really great and the teacher is also good at teaching and using various Practical concepts at programming.
Great course with just the right pace. Really helpful for the ones seeking to make career in Web Development using Python
very nicely taught by the instructor,and it this course ultimately shows us how easy it is to access webdata with python.
That amazing course to first learn about web design. this course improves my skills very more. thanks a lot for D.Charles
Again with a great course by Dr Chuck, learned so many things about web and looking forward to my next course. Thank You.
Excellent course. I love the fact the assignments are now harder relative to the first two courses in the specialization.
I got stuck in the secondlast exersize. I wish I had a option to ask for a hint! fortunately a colleague helped me out :)
Great, easy to understand introduction to using Python for accessing data via the web. Especially suitable for beginners.
The teacher was great and it taught me a lot about web data technologies that I heard about but didn't specifically know.
This course is especially interesting as you begin to use some of the earlier building blocks in real world applications.
A clear, step by step introduction to using python to get and parse information from the WEB - using URLLIB, XML and JSON
Excellent course by an excellent educator, Dr. Chuck. I will continue the next module. Thank you, Coursera and Dr. Chuck.
Excellent, very interesting and well taught course. Takes a complex subject and makes it understandable and fun to learn.
Great instructor with real-life,useful applications. Anyone who considering picking up programming should take this MOOC.
Very informative course and perhaps the best teacher, from whom I studied.Dr chuck made this course way too interesting.
this course is very useful for those who has a great interst  in web sraping, APIi thank DR.chuck for such a nice course
I have learned alot about extracting data from web using various languages. It was very informative to learn this course
The course was very good and the content and material provided was also very good. A bit more exercises would be better.
I get the basic concepts about XML and JSON, and learn how to retrieve and parse data from Google and Twitter using api.
awesome for web protocols and standards as well as understanding how applications interact with each other theoretically
The level of difficulty of this course has been well designed which manage to challenge ,yet, not discourage new learner
One of the courses that upon completing, leave you certain of your new capacities. Very rewarding and even entertaining.
Although I've given 5 stars to the other classes of the specialization, I think this one beats the others in a big time.
With this course you really feel that you are starting to do something real, that you may also use in your daily life...
This course help easy way to learn python for useful things like REST API consumption, that nowadays are very important.
So great! I really love this class helps me more closer to Python and it's powerful functions, so many thanks Dr. Chuck!
It is a more challenging course than the previous two but it is what I expected from this level. Dr Chuck is wonderful!
Honestly, wow! what a course! helped me so much and I feel like I have some grip on python now. This is really helping.
Great!! Thanks Dr. Chuck. This course leads me to the door of python, and I hope to continue study more about web data.
The portion was vast however a bit rushed. One will have a great sense of satisfaction after completing it. Good course
It is tough sometimes while tackling the assignments, but generally it is an exciting and fruitful learning experience.
Great course. I like how you put effort into creating the videos and trying to make avaible knowledge for the community
A wonderful experience, all topics were fully explained and the tasks really help to deep into the acquired knowledges
This course is wonderful  and gradual upstepped as compared to earlier two courses on introduction and data structures
Excellent teaching material, excellent assignments, it's a pleasure listening to Dr Chuck teach python, awesome course
Such nice course. This is a first time, I have learned a lot about new king web programming from coursera.It's pretty.
Awesome course.  Must take if you want to learn how to access, read and use data from internet (xml/json) using Python
Very good content. The difficulty increases, but if you know the content of the two previous courses you can suceed!!!
It's a good course for understanding how to use python for retrieve data from JSON and XML using API. I recommend it.
Another great course by Dr. Chuck. Amazing experience, totally recommend it. Thank you very much for the opportunity!
I enjoyed this course and following it step by step made me realize how easily I can scrape the web and extract data.
This course is easy to learn, with easy-to-understand videos that will help you to learn "Python to Access Web Data."
This was the most challenging course for me so far. I look forward to taking the next course in the series very soon.
A bit tougher than the previous courses, but the professor makes sure you understand each and every line of the code.
Turned out to be a whole lot better than I expected. I'm bursting with ideas - can't wait to apply what I've learned!
I have learnt a lot but be prepared to put in the hours if you're new to coding as in places I found it really tough.
I've learned much about how to use python to process web data. This course is easy to understand and  pretty helpful.
Profesor is really good. Videos are very informative and concise. I would suggest to have more difficult assignments.
Such a awesome course which is plausible and easy! I am also a prospect student to UM, hoping to see Dr. Chuck there!
Five stars from me. Shows what Python is really good at, which is gluing the service-oriented architectures together.
Thank you, Dr.Chuck! You're the best! I will talk with all my friends about Coursera and the great programs you have.
I love this course! Dr. Chuck is an excellent instructor. I'm going to take more classes from University of Michigan.
This phase of course about Python is dificult but amazing and I recomended to everybody start to learn this work. :-D
The presentations flow well and have examples with which to work.Dr. Chuck (Dr. Severance) is lively and educational.
Dr. Chuck is epic! Really, really helped me to keep going and tought me a lot of interesting stuff. Highly recommend!
I thought it would just be a primer, but its way more. Loved the course. Looking forward for more courses like these.
Great class and great professor! I will be using the knowledge and skills I've learned from this class in my career!
Very good exposure on unicodes and html parsing.. really enjoyed it.. yet to complete week4 and week5 (xml and JSON)
Excellent Course!Very nice concept explanations and analogiesWell done Quizes and assignments.Lots of good material.
It was always awesome learning with Dr Chuck. The course amazingly full of good points and l learned lots from them.
very good python lesson and from easy to hard, one by one, follow Dr chuck to learn is very interesting  experience.
Very good and helpful for me as someone who already knows Python to understand how to access web data with the code.
I have really enjoyed this course and  is getting more and more complicated but that is actually why is challenging.
I really enjoyed the course. Maybe too easy if you already have some coding experience, but very good for beginners.
This is one of the best courses I have taken in any language. I am planning to take the rest of your Python courses.
It's a little difficult for us freshman, but I also feel excited when accomplished every chapters. Very nice course!
print 'That was awesome, thank you!'  #Oops, an infinite loop...while True:   print 'Long live our noble Dr. Chuck!'
Excelent course, it teaches you how to extract the online data with python, and the different types of data avaible.
Material 5/5Instructor 5/5There is none better than Dr Chuck and University of Michigan for learning python on-line.
This was a beautiful course and I believe this is the perfect level of teaching in which students should be taught.
great course that teaches you some basics, especially in conjunction with the other courses from the specialization
Awesome awesome awesome course! First real exposure to APIs is exciting. Looking forward to the rest of the series!
Excellent course, starts on very easy task and it finishes with complex API calls, very useful for Python beginners
This course was extremely useful to me to make my own web crawler. To create a interactive interface to my project.
I learnt a great deal from this course starting from regular expression to JSON parsing,XML parsing, Rest APIs etc.
Great course!It gives you a great foundation for using Python with the Web.Really an interesting part with the APIs
it was great but I needed the previous ones more. I Hope next one will be more practical for me.Thanks Dr. Chuck :)
One of the best online course out there on the Internet, It made accessing Internet using programming look so easy!
This course was just incredible! I really recommend everyone who has interest in this subject to take this course.
The course was very helpful in teaching me about the theory behind spidering and how to use python to do spidering
Great module. It took me through the necessary information to start getting and sending data on the web! Thanks :)
Course Content helps you to get a feel of dealing with XML and JSON data using python. Lectures as always are inte
Great course. In a clear, interesting, concise way makes good starting point for using Python in web applications.
Great course, very simple to drive and would recommend to add more assignments and real time application examples.
Unlike the first two courses, this one was a bit advanced and really gave a good understanding of the web services
Very informative, gave simple explanations and interesting assignments for working with different data structures.
Dr Chuck was able to succinctly explain the topics and walk the student through his program and thought processes.
I am upset that I can't complete this specialization for free but oh well. Thank you Dr. Chuck for your hard work.
Almost to the end of the course. Great coursework. I am enjoying every second of your videos. Thank you very much.
it's a really good course how the data moves from server to server and how python is useful to extract this data.
Nice course, even if the assignments are difficult at times in this one, but still good and Dr. Chuck is awesome.
The course illustrates different strategies to extract the web data using python and is taught in very lucid way.
If there was more explanation of API, I would be more happy. However, overall it was a good course. Thanks Chuck.
it was great learning with you and your team who all are involved in this making is course great and informative.
Great Course to learn the basics on extracting data from the web, covers a wide arrange of topics on the subject.
Great course as the former ones in the specialization, and appreciation to Pro Chuck for the knowledge he taught.
Although for personal reasons I did not get to finish the course, it is a great course and I highly recommend it.
really enjoyed this class. wish it went more into the technical aspects of all the code, but overall great intro!
Excellent course, great for getting a handle on how to reach out to the net for data and work with JSON, XML etc.
Great content and exercises, for those looking on getting information from the web this is a good starting point.
Awesome and quite a comprehensive course with the complex and important topics taught with much ease by Dr. Chuck
I absolutely loved this course. I really enjoyed the course material and the instructor was always very engaging!
easy to follow course. I've learned so much following these, the increments in learning are manageable each week.
I have been very impressed with the ease of use and understanding that Dr. Chuck has been teaching in the videos
An excellent course that looks deep into Web Scraping and XML plus JSON parsing as well as how to work with APIs
I got so many knowledge in this course thank you so much I had fun manipulating data with apis thank you so much
Very good course for intermediate level learner of python, gives practical & real world approach to use python .
Nice and clear instructions. I learned a lot from this course. Just wanted it to use requests instead of urllib.
The course is very good. There are lots of new things to learn from this course. I enjoyed the course very much.
A bit hard but worth learning and as  always Dr chuck makes it so easy to learn. Thanks Dr Chuck and Coursera!!!
Loved it, this course is the most amazing part, consists of both hard and easy part, but at the end i loved  it.
Awesome! I am extremely grateful to "Dr. Chuck" for his thorough, well-organized, fun and enthusiastic lectures.
Excellent source of learning python web scraping and web services with XML and JSON and also regular expressions
This course you learn all about the data access whit Python. You can get data of files like JSON, XML or HTTP :3
Best course ever!!I'm already using this knowledge at my current job.There's no better Professor than Dr. Chuck!
This course is both clear and essential, no rubbish-talking, I really like it. Thanks to Dr. Chuck and Coursera!
Dr. Charles seems like the coolest teacher ever. He also explains things in an understandable, yet, amusing way.
Very good course, clear explanations by Dr. Chuck who makes complicated things look simple. Highly recommended!
Very good introductory course to access web data using Python. Would love to attend more of Dr Charles' course.
I really love the way Dr. Chuck is teaching. Very inspiring and not boring at all. I love all the bonus videos.
Great course, fanstastic instructor, quite challenging exercises (for me), so I think I really learn something.
Nothing better i havent learn yet.I began to parse my data from internet, and have my first benefitsMany thanks
The best teacher and lecture for high-paced and solid python learning on-line course on earth.You will love it!
Great lecture and assignment to give a overview format of Web Data as well as how to achieve them using Python.
Yes, I made it through this module! It is a pain for people who hate web stuff because it is way more detailed.
JSON is truly interesting and API is highly useful. Thank you for teaching all these awesome stuffs, Dr. Chuck.
Excellent course - well worth investing the time for those looking for deeper skills in programming with Python
Covers variety of topics in a very simple fashion.Good point to start for anyone, who is interested in subject.
Good for starting, just complete it in 2-3 days cause it doesn't have much content and then practice yourself.
In this course,you'll learn many useful tools and information to access web data through Python. Great course!
A well organised course with steps on how to use python to access web data from Twitter and Google using API's
This is a bit more difficult than the previous 2. But I will never give up. Thank you hard-working professors.
Extremely useful, very concise and clear. I am making amazing progress with my Python skills with this course.
Great course. I hope to use the techniques I've learn here in the future. The resources provided are fantasic.
This course really challenged me. I will be using the geocoding service in my current role. Thank you Charles!
It is so so useful! Dr Chuck gave us a clear instruction of details regarding using python to access web data!
I could have all basic knowledge in accessing web data using python.Thank you professor!and Thank you Coursera
The lecturer explains the course subjects very  effectively, accompanied with simple and beneficial exercises.
This course has Assignments which develop us to be a better developer. Thanks for that course and instructor.
great work ... course needs more worked examples and a bit more in depth exercises with real life application
Very Insightful course. Learned some cool stuff. Socket programming and JSON apis are my favourite topics now
The instructor is excellent . His instructions are extremely clear and his way of teaching is very enjoyable.
Thank you Dr.Chuck! You are great man, you help me a lot. This course open a door of programming world to me.
Great! Got a great start in using Python to access web data and am looking forward to expanding my skill set.
make me work and go back to software debugging and acquired back the various tricks for debugging code lines.
hi,my name is mohammad atot ,and your site is very good and share experience with other s thank you very much
This is an easy going course to learn from basic to intermediate. Thanks Dr. Chuck for your support and time.
Went from illiterate in the first course, to pulling and extracting Google and Twitter API data like a champ.
Very good course. Excellent material, documentation and exercices. All  with creative Creative Common Licence
It has a lot of information about web in general. Dr Severance is fun to listen to and definitely not boring.
I like it!!! as always Chuck is clear and wise in make everybody undertand the contents of the course. thanks
Such a great teacher. The explanations are very clear and the excercises are applied to real-world problems.
Excellent course.after completing this now i am able to extract data in different format like html,xml,json.
Awesome. Professor, I want to pursue my PhD degree under your supervision. I have interests in Data Science.
It was a great course!I really liked!Many thanks to Dr. Chuck!And of course I will continue to study Python!
Really helpful to understand the concepts of web and how to make full use of python to extract data from web
The sample code really helped a lot to get through the assignments! Fantastic experience taking this course!
Learned a lot and enjoyed the classes as always.Hopping to finish the 5 courses until the end of next month.
An excellent course to breeze through for getting a disciplined knowledge in accessing web data with Python.
Loved this course!  Dr. Chuck is a great professor and takes the time to explain the details in this course.
I have added Python to my resume, and now I am contacted by recruiters significantly more often than before.
learned a lot. From python regular expression, to open a file, read url data, web scraping, HTTP, XML, JSON.
Excellent course in the series.  You create code that is relevant today, parsing data straight from the web.
Excellent course. The last 2 lessons on XML and JSON could have used a little harder problems for exercises.
Thank you. Dr. Charles Severance and the University of Michigan.Excellent course and very  learning of easy.
Great course, it was quite interesting and I'd love to do more on accessing web data using Python later on.
Perfect level of detail, and to the point. Excellent! Thanks for a great class. Definitely time well spent.
The professor is outstanding, not to mention the mentors, so helpful and patient, thank you for this course
Awesome course! Taught me something new, something apart from Data Science. Always good to learn new stuff.
The material was very interesting and motivating. Using Twitter and Google maps stuff was a brilliant idea.
Wonderful courses for introducing such productive tools under Python to access web data!Thanks to Dr Chuck!
Lot of examples and theory well explained. Course includes suggestions where to look for further knowledge.
Very interesting course. It revise central ideas of programming with python and other software technologies
thanks to the best faculty ever!!!the course was very informative and all the concepts were well explained.
Excellent course, with the right balance between depth and affordability. The bonus interviews are amazing.
Fantastic course, my congratulations to Professor Charles Russell Severance for the charisma and knowledge
Exceptionally beautiful. Very hard topic but taught in a very much easy way. Just like a walk in the park.
One of the best course /i have ever did. The course syllabus is good and the instructor is very motivating
Excellent course. Though the course was a bit tough as compared to previous courses in this specialization
Fantastic opportunity to learn about the web and all the possibilities in data handling and web structures
It is magic on all this world of the APIs & Webs... Some late to discover it, but still early to enjoy it.
from this i have learned a lot.This is absolutely and amazing course and easy to learn.Thanks to Coursera.
Amazing course! I learned a lot and would highly recommend it to my boyfriend who is a rubbish programmer.
Wonderful course!Looking forward to keep learning on this python journey. It is very entertaining as well!
This course is a good introductory course for beginner who wants to learn web services with Python.Thanks!
I recommend this course to anyone interested in learning more about Python and how it play's with the Web.
Excellent class by an exceptional instructor.  Learned a lot even if it is only a basic programming class.
Really useful course. Python together with SQLite work perfectly for the purposes of econometric research.
Charles was very clear and describing the ideas behind the code which makes it a lot easier to understand.
Excellent videos with an engaging presentation. Very good assignments that were just the right difficulty!
This is very useful in data digging! Thank you Dr.Chuck, thank you everyone who contribute to this course!
easy to follow at a good pace.also comes with home work assignments that make sure you can apply the code.
intense but really important to start understanding better how to use python to gather data from the webs
Dr. Chuck is an amazing teacher. Great course with a lot of material to learn in just a couple of months.
Awesome course with a great instructor who makes learning python very interesting and easy to understand.
Thank you for the new and hands on experience .Happy to learn, good content, real life learning examples.
Thanka a lot to Dr. Chuck for giving nice and interesting lectures about accessing web data using Python.
Really intensive course with a focus on the practical application of python for the handling of web data.
This course covers the basics of scraping, learned enough to go advance. Thank you Coursera and P4E team.
Excellent course, gives a nice understanding of the xml, json and APIs which I thought, I can never learn
Materials are very detail and suitable for beginners. It makes me feel excited for solving the assignment
Really nice course. Most interesting, the faculty is a good tutor in all respect!! Keep going Dr. Chuck!!
Great course! Thanks Dr. Chuck for being so instructive. I will continue to complete all of your courses!
The course is becoming more and more challenging. To complete the course need more and more perseverance.
This is a great course. I have learned not only Python but also a lot of things about how Internet works.
I love this subject and I learn a lot about how to use python to access web data. Dr.Chuck is so humorous
Dr Chuck has a great sense of humor. I've learned a lot form this lesson. Thanks to all of you great job.
Thorough and comprehensive course with many worked examples. The additional material is very interesting!
Dr. Chuck is awesome. He explains the course material in a way that is interesting, fun, and informative.
Thank you Dr.Chuck. Your teaching method is very successful. I learnt a lot on this topic as a newcomer.
good course, very informative, easy to understand and helpful. helps you build confidence in the subject
I faced some difficulty in the last weeks of this course. But I will try more to overcome my weaknesses.
It is a really great introductory course without going too deep into each topic. Pacing is really great.
Accessing data from the web makes it feel real, by reaching out to the dynamic always changing internet.
Awesome course and assignments! Thank you Dr. Chuck for making coding easy to learn for newbies like me!
Very easy approach adopted to describe how python programming can be used to access web data. Excellent.
Dr. Chuck is the greatest instructor. I was able to get help from a mentor quickly when I did get stuck.
Great introductory course for understanding basics of web scraping and analyzing XML, JSON data formats!
This is an easy course ,but materials is clear and useful!Professor explain every concepts very clearly.
Very instructive, lots of examples and looking forwards to my next course and to the capstone project :D
Exacly what I was looking for. Professor very clear and easy to be followed. Tasks are fairly difficult.
This was an amazing course. Would recommend it to anyone looking to further their programming knowledge.
Excellent. A little short on the exercises, but its my turn to experiment with code and keep practicing.
Another outstanding course with Dr. Chuck! Highly recommended for everybody who is interested in Python.
This is a great course! I learned a lot and mastered the key points to using python for Web data access.
Dr. Chuck is an amazing professor and my age is just 15 but still I’m able to get what is being taught!
Dr. Chuck as always an amazing instructor, I'm loving this specialization so far, next step course 4 :)
This course was absolutely well structured and understandable so that an beginner can easily understand
One of the best instructors and courses so far in Coursera. Thank you for making it easy to understand.
Well I would say it was good experience except the last part.The twitter API,I found it quiet difficult
Thank you so much sir for teaching about accessing web data through python, It was indeed very helpful!
I had a great time learning what was taught. I request the instructor to make Intermediate Courses too.
This is my first course on APIs. I really love how Dr Chuck teaches and I found the course very useful.
Very useful tutorials. I like Dr.Chuck's teaching method so much! It's easy to understand for everyone.
A wonderful course by a great teacher who makes everything simple and understandable. Highly recommend.
One of the most useful courses . The instructors show the way to parse Web Data easily and efficiently.
I learned a lot. Now when my friends who are computer scientist  talk, I wont be lost in terminology :)
This course has helped to gain lot of knowledge on Web crawler and testing Web services through Python.
Well organised. Dr. Chuck is a good instructor. What more? He teaches you web scraping and XML parsing.
Wonderful course. Takes in depth on course content. I liked the extra interview videos and assignments!
pretty cool to learn python from Dr. Charles, i wish to learn more advanced courses on python from him.
Great course(series) for any beginner willing to put in a decent amount of work; you reap what you sow.
Fun and informative. Practical examples and programming assignments. Can't wait for next in the series.
This journey with learning python to access web data was amazing and excitement. I learned new things.
Great course that showcases the beauty of Python: you can get so much done with just 50 lines of code.
Great to carry forward with the course. Assignments are useful to apply the knowledge learnt in class.
i really enjoyed in solving quizzes and assigments, 1 assignment in weeks4 part 2 was bit challenging.
It was very interesting. I have tried some new interesting solutions. Thank you for your great work!!!
Dr. Chuck is very good in the way he teaches complex topics and makes them very simple for the student
thx a lot! this course was very interesting and hard. i am very happy that i have done it. away we go)
it is a little more complicated than last courses but also more interesting.watch the videos carefully
I've really enjoyed this course. Dr Chuck makes the course content very easy to understand. Thank you!
Excellent course. Never done python before and this taught me a lot. Great teacher, great resources :)
It's very practical and accessible for quick comprehension. Love the narrative style of the professor!
Thanks so much Chuck, I've learnt so much through the Python courses.Made me fall in love with Python.
Excellent course!! I've learned a lot of python programming. Also, the examples are clear and useful.
It was amazing experience working with API's and the Internet. DR.Chuck is also such cool prof. Kudos
It was a really nice course and I was exposed to web data access using python which was really great.
If to have a second language is to possess a second soul, learning to program is to have second brain
Excellent Material clear and easy to understand. Thanks Prof for making python really understandable.
it is much more difficult than former courses. i am a little bit confuse although i have finished it.
great! probably gave me the biggest challenge out of all the courses so far, but i like the challenge
I very enjoy the course. If  there's an advanced level for programmers to learn, that would be great!
Very helpful and the course is designed in a way so nice that I can follow it without any difficulty!
Excellent course, and very good content of it, many thanks to Dr Chuck and the University of Michigan
very intersting. But the Assignments are somehow too easy. Hoping that it could be more chanllegable.
Great course, challenging enough to keep me interested. Programming for using Google APIs is awesome.
Excellent course! Clear explanation on XML JSON and Python cooperation with them! Thank you Dr. Chuck
I have learned exceptionally well from all the materials, lab work and videos through out the course.
Dr.chuck is the most awesome teacher! this course make everything related to Python and web so clear.
Excellent coaching & content. It would be great though if the contents where in python 3 instead of 2
Very applicable to real world development, but well thought out and executed for all levels to learn.
He is an excellent teacher and also a great programmer. I would love to continue taking his courses.
This course makes me look at computers and internet from a new perspective. Big thanks to Dr. Chuck.
I am able to access web data with simple and short python code.. all thanks to Dr. Charles Severance
It was a little bit harder. But, I enjoyed this course and learned many new things from this course.
It's a wonderful course and the instructor is an awesome . I have learned a lot of things from here.
Good Course for web data handlers ... I enjoyed the full course but during XML its sort of boring...
Much better class was able to actually think and use the code to pull data. Outstanding class again.
Dr Chuck is amazing. He explains concepts well and builds a solid foundation for Python proficiency.
It is not easy to learn , but spend more time thinking as well as watching the lectures are helpful.
An ending vid demonstrating various uses of urllib library would have been helpful else all was good
Excellent teaching.  I appreciate the access to enough materials to understand what is being taught.
If U of M offered a CS degree on Coursera with Dr Chuck as the instructor, I would sign up yesterday
This is course or specialization is helpful to someone who never had programming experiences before.
Very challenging. I had to read up on my own to find out more about what assignments required of me.
It was great. Even though it took a little more time compared to previous two, but totally worth it.
Very informative, Instructors way of teaching really great he explains most complex concepts easily.
Consise and precise, great overview of Web Data Access aspects and well-thought practical exercises.
This course is really awesome and a great motivator towards learning python :). Love you Dr Chuck <3
It was really nice.I hope sir could help us in recommendation system using python as the next course
Great class for those of us who taught ourselves, but need more. Great range of exercise difficulty.
Excellent Course for intermediate Python Developers. Really enjoyed it and definitely learned a lot.
Excellent to be honest! Never thought talking to the web through a python program would be so easy.
Python to Access Web Data is a very interesting course..It helps me a lot to understand python more
I love this Course.it was interesting and fun. The assignments were challenging but I enjoyed them.
Excellent course! Learned how to access simple data on the web. Looking forward to the next course!
I found this to be a great continuation to the courses by Dr. Chuck, ever informative and enjoyable
Dr chuck is the best teacher, the way he teaches make everything easy. thank you chuck to teach us.
It is an excellent course with many practical projects. Thanks and keep up the good work Dr. Chuck!
Thank you very much sir for giving me this golden oppertunity......................................
This one got kinda hard. The code is getting more complex also. But the lectures are still the best
Beautifully choreographed course to show Pyton and Web coding with various available architectures!
I like the fact that it gives you the intuition behind how to use xml, Json and particularly API's.
Covers all the basics of Data formats over Web and the methods to access those. Really good course!
Great course and humorous teacher!Highly recommended for you to get start with this specialization.
I really recommend this course to people who like to know about retrieving/analyzing data from web.
This is my favorite course, it was totally new for me and Dr. Chuck did it very easy to understand.
nice introductory course to web scraping, explicit talk on video and well designed assignment given
The courses are excellents, I have learnt a lot and i´m going to  continue taking courses as these.
Pretty great for understanding Python basics. Best way to start your Python or programming life. B|
it is an excellent course , i guess even beginners can use this course for improving their basics.
Gain new skills and very exited. Much easier than I thought programming would be. Thanks Dr. Chuck
This course is very helpful for me to learn to use python to get network data, thank you very much
Dr. Chuck is an excellent professor! Hope there can be more courses instructed by him on Coursera!
Great course. I recommend to take the entire course work from Dr. Severance on Python programming.
This course proved to be very beneficial and gave me the confidence to look forward in this field.
Excellent, taught me a lot and the assignments were hard enough that I felt adequately challenged.
I really enjoy the class, and it does give me a touch on data access from web using python. Thanks
Good course to understand the basics of web scrapping using python especially for python beginner.
In the last two weeks I have gained an immense amount of knowledge under Dr. Severance. Thank You!
Awesome course!I've learned a lot from this course! The tutor is amazing!I'll take the next course
Fantastic! I've told anyone that will listen at my place of work that they should take this class!
Dr Chuck's instruction is clear and interesting. I have learned a lot of practical skills. Thanks!
it's really a quite clear and excellent course, however a little easy~expect a much deeper course~
One more great course on Python from Dr. Chuck. Thank you very much! I love this sirie of courses!
Very useful course, lots of new features, especially with GeoJSON data retrieving6 stars from 5 =)
Chuck is awesome. This course is very interesting and he does a great job explaining the concepts!
Another great course by Dr. Chuck. I enjoy  and appreciate his philosophical approach to teaching!
Amazing... I just think that maybe the moderation of forum could be more flexible to share things.
Fantastic stuff.  Loving it.  Thank you so much for putting the effort into providing this course.
thx for bringing the course. Loved the content delivery and challenges in the terms of assignments
This covers techniques to harvest data from online sources. A common first steps in many projects.
great course to get started with python for accesssing the web data.The instructor is also great!
Great ! Though the assignments took a lot of time to complete, the learning experience was great.
Really amazing course in the specialization. Learned a lot about using python in web development.
The Course was really a masterpiece. Thanks to charles Severance for his guidance and to mentors.
This is a very good course. The instructor is also very good which makes learning easy and fun!!!
The contents were explained very well, it was a useful course for me. I like Dr. Chuck's courses.
Nice experience for me to complete this course. Nice Explanation and good assignments were given.
I've had no experience accessing Web Data and I had no idea how easy it can be. Thanks Dr. Chuck.
that was both educational and fun.  love how this course dives right into practical applications!
this is really good for programmers to learn python interaction with web data using html,xml,json
Solid groundwork for interfacing with APIs using XML and JSON for practical online communication.
I learned a lot about accessing web data in XML and JSON format using Python.  Thank you! - Steve
Thanks Dr. Chuck!! I feel so much more comfortable about web services & many things I didn't know
Excellent, the best python course and teacher, very well explained. Thank you, keep the good job.
Extremely clear logic!! This course is not difficult but very comprehensive and useful!! Love it.
Top level teacher, good course, the only drawback is that the exercises are a little bit too easy
Professor is really fun, and provide hight quality contents. Pretty easy for a beginner to learn.
This was very interesting to me as I have only used Python in stand-alone programming situations.
Super course. I've already used some information from this course to make my work-life easier :-)
crisp coverage of important topics on the subject with good exercises to implement the learnings
It was a very effective course. The contents were great and It is easier to learn with Coursera.
very helpful and challenging, will help me with my work! Thank you a lot for sharing your wisdom
in this we are learning advance concepts like JSON,XML,HTML,SOCKETS etc..thanks to coursera team
This course is excellent who wants to learn to manipulate data on the web with python.Excellent.
Thanks for teaching! I have learned many new and interesting things in programming using python!
Great course, although more challenging when compared to previous two courses. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Lectures are clear, straight to the point, with a very pragmatic orientation. Awesome Dr. Chuck!
Great course! Looking forward to start playing with different APIs now that I know how they work
Dr. Chuck is amazing.  Best teacher I've had to date.  I would definitely recommend this course.
Very interesting and helpful. It equipts me with the very basic but useful knowledge for python.
I am learning very powerful tools for extracting web data. I love it and the professor is great.
Great course. Good workload to do the course in the evening, after a workday.Highly recommended!
Excellent course! Learning how to get the web data step by step. Easy to start my python career!
Interesting course covering many useful aspect of modern web programming. I highly recommend it!
This course is amazing. I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn python. :)
An extremely awesome course to learn advanced Python to Access Web Data! I highly recommend it!
Amazing course. Very organised and easy to follow, which extra material that you can read/view.
I really love Charles's classes, and I have learnt a lot from this course. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
This course is well rewarded for me, and really inspiration for personal skill set development.
The course is so good and also teaches us in a simple method so that we will understand easily.
Course was nice. Gave good introduction to a concept which is incredibly hard to learn by self.
Happy to learn something new. The Professor makes this course intuitive rather than cumbersome.
Can't thank Dr. Chuck enough for making it available this course as MOOC and free PY4E content.
Very dynamic and well explaned course. Easy to a biginer to start with this series of courses !
It was nicely structured course. this course help me to find online jobs about website scraping
This helped a lot to getting data from an open data API for further analysis. Excellent course.
Import GradeImport Teacherprint Grade(Teacher("Dr. Chuck"), Python)>>> C:/python:  grade.pyBEST
Great teacher. My only complaint is that the course doesn't go very in depth into web scraping.
introduce XML and json with REST, nice for starter, if you expect more, read more related books
It was a great course on  how to use the easiest and most powerful language to access Web Data
nice course to get an overview of how to access data from web, can dig deeper if one wants to!
This course was comparitively harder than the first and the second course but reallly helpful.
Just the next course in a series of great courses by Dr. Chuck and the University of Michigan.
Excellent, It's very nice to work in Python, create programs, read data, XML , data dictionary
Great course! In this course you finally make use of the Python knowledge you gathered so far.
Quite a challenging course. More challenging than the one with SQL. Still fun to learn though.
This is an excellent course! A great way to learn the basics of python and modern data mining.
NIce way of bringing the class to understand the concepts and then work thing out on their own
Best course to learn the basics of accessing web data and professor chuck is lovable as ever!!
I would like to convey my thanks to the Professor , He thought the concept of python very well
It is amazing how much you can learn in just a few weeks with this course. Highly recommended.
I love this course and learned a lot of how to access to the web data. Thanks (unmentionably)
the instructor teaches in very lucid language and conveys things in a very interesting manner
A very good experience to learn by Professor Charles Russell Severance. Enjoyed whole course.
Dr Chuck really did an excellent for a zero-based learner for Using python to access web data
so amazing cource for me to learn more useful knowledge about Python, Thanks to Dear Charles.
This is really good course, better than the first two courses on the series. I learned a lot.
Great course. Right to the point. I enjoyed very much and hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
Dr. Chuck and his team are exceptional.  Great course, staff has an awesome ability to teach.
The best programming class I have ever had. I learnt more than I ever learnt in college here.
Great course again Dr. Chuck! Learned a lot, this was a much harder than the previous course.
It really helps me to have a general understanding of the web data extraction and processing!
The course is in general fun and it's amazing to retrieve data from the website using python!
Great course. Thanks to Prof. Dr. Chuck, he has made the course interesting and learning fun.
Explain very well how to capture urls from the Internet and then manipulate them as files....
Great course with enough practice content and thought provoking methods of accessing web data
I really like this course and how the lecturer presented the content in a very pleasing pace.
If Charles Severance jumped off a bridge, I would follow him; writing Python on the way down.
I'm very satisfied with this course. The course material was good. I covered my expectations.
Hands down the best python course I've come across. I look forward to completing this series.
I think this specialization is the perfect entry point for programming newbies like myself...
Very good and interesting course and the instructor is also very good in his teaching skills
very nice course to quickly provide the basic understanding needed to pull data from the web
Very well structured course, professor has done an excellent job in explaining the concepts.
Excellent teaching methodology, good solved examples ,the discussion forms were also helpful
Really good course. Only could use a video on how to install the bs4 library and pip install
An extraordinary course I loved the way it was thought and I am glad to learn more like this
I'd love the easy way you teach. I would love to meet you in personal and work with you sir.
Great course. Great material. Motivational, Inspirational and engaging. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Great course! It's little bit harder than I thought. I spend 2 hours for each hw in average.
Excellent assignments problems were there ,which helped to understand concept in better way.
this is nice course and i am learning these new things in this course thank you coursera.org
awesome course, Very helpful and Dr Chuck was great he taught each and everything very well.
THANKS FOR TEACHER Charles Severance,it's a good teacher even i watch him through the screen
This course sequence is one of the best. It really helps me to build up python from scratch.
Dr. Chuck in one of the best profs I've ever had, even though I've never actually met him...
It is a really good course, the video classes are really clear and the topic is very useful.
Great course with ready to run exercises which can be customized very quickly to your needs.
Awesome course, great to know how data travels across the web.xml and json great inventions
amazing for a start I think but I learned a lot of things and it was funny and entertaining
This course is really helpful for me to develop my programming skills in accessing web data
I have learn JSON, API, XML and much more thanks for this great course it's really helpful.
The lessons were clear.  Examples were explained well so this course get 5 out of 5 from me
More worked assignment videos please, and TA could have explained questions more in details
Thanks Dr chuck...I have gained a lot about web scrapping ,data interchange format in web..
Great course! Thank you very much for the wonderful material and fantastic way of teaching.
That's very nice coursera, Using Python to access web data is .... such easy and convenient
Overall, great course and continuation of the material we started in the first two courses.
Awesome material. Great introduction with practical applications. Awesome lecturer. Thanks!
Very simple and straightforward explanation. Dr. Chuck is wonderful at explaining concepts.
Access the web is my pain point since I begin to learn Python. This course is very helpful.
Very nice!  The tutor, with some humor, truly illustrates the concepts and ideas perfectly.
It's great with all the material provided free in the course. It's really a nice professor!
Very engaging instructor. Great pedagogy. Content of the course might be somewhat outdated.
Very practical. Chuck's is the best at explaining things. Very simple, useful and hands on.
Dr. Chuck makes learning so easy and fun. I can't stop myself from completing his courses.
I am fully satisfied with the brief teaching way for which I could learn from this course.
It was very easy to understand and also i l=got brif knowledge about how the browsers work
Great course but How to get an API's wasn't explained properly I have to figure it myself.
exceptional course.Very knowledgeable and informative.Loved it and learnt many new things.
very helpful! Because of this course i have been able to scrape the rss of my own website.
great course  to learn after learning this course i have acquired skill json, xml and REST
This course is excellent. It is very well explained and covers so many things! Congrats :)
It is much more difficult than the previous two courses, but worth a try and contribution.
Very clear, detailed while summative demonstrations of well established .py files. Thanks!
This course is really well designed. And I really enjoyed the teaching style of Dr. Chuck.
One of the most enjoyable courses i have taken. Lots of interesting 'real-life' exercises.
Excellent course, recommended for anyone who wants to build web applications using python.
Beautiful Course!!!! Now I know what is the API and i can do something with it. Thank you.
Dr. Chuck continues to be an awesome teacher and makes programming understandable and fun!
It's a simple, powerful and elegant course that definitely it worths. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Good course, the material was given in a good way, for you to go deeper into the subject.
Words can't describe how awesome this course is,Thank you Dr. Chuck for your great effort
Very Nice course to get exposed to the web data world and how to acceess it using Python.
Interesting class with useful knowledge and skills. Hopefully I can put them in use soon.
Very useful. This is more informative than the previous 2 courses in this specialisation.
As always, Dr. Chuck's class is full of valuable information and challenging assignments.
Learning very interesting and useful ways of using Python to access and process Web data.
Very good intro to Web Scraping, Parsing Data, API's, etc...Dr. Chuck delivers as always!
Excellent course! One of the best lecturers on Coursera and appropriate difficulty level.
Great Course, videos are very good, speed and content is very good. Assignments are good.
Excellent course, it lets you peek behind the curtain of the technology that surrounds us
I wish there were some harder projects to try and be graded on, but the class was useful.
An excellent course which is suitable for everyone who interested in Python and Internet.
This is an amazing course teaching is excellent and good for a beginner. Dr. Chunk Rocks.
I had finished 4/5 courses of Python, but the last course is always not able to access...
Great course explained in simple way.
Finally got a grasp of Regular Expression and Json.
Great course following on from Python Introduction. Fascinating interviews along the way!
OK course but easily  forgettable! Maybe more fun and practical exercises would not harm.
More complex than previous two courses in the specialization but rather more interesting.
amazing course.. a bit hard for the beginners as the xml and json were quite new topics.
The web source part is a little bit unfamiliar and difficult for me, but I did it! Cool!
such a nice explanation by Dr. chuck....it was a great course and you should learn it :)
Great course. I wish they could add selenium also in this course to make it more useful.
A great work. The videos, assignments and tests are delicately connected and cooperated.
Enjoyed the class and exercises, challenging enough to learn and not give up! thank you.
The course explains nicely with good set of examples on how to access web data in Python
It's really good but consider including how to create a http server topic with Python :)
A bit hard to follow as I am time deficit but very well taught and very much interesting
Thank you professor for the wonderful course.  You just made me fall in love with python
I learned to navigate Python more by executing json, urlib, xml and beautifulsoup codes.
The teacher is really great, but it seems that  couldn't catch up with the lesson now...
Excellent course. Here we actually see how the knowledge we learn is going to be useful.
The course is quite interesting and fun, I enjoy the moment I got the correct output. (:
Well taught with quiz and homework questions which give a decent check on your knowledge
The best course for getting started with Python and thinking about computer programming.
I can only recommend this course! The Professor is the coolest and explain all the stuff
Excellent course for learning the key basics to being able to interact with web objects.
i'm enjoying python and dr chuck's style of teaching more and more. thank you very much!
Nice course, Very nicely explained. Good programming explained. Excellent for learning.
Very Good Course and really great. Learnt some good Python topic on Accessing Web Data.
I got a very good idea and basic knowledge about accessing web data and using the APIs.
it had a very interesting use of python for retrieving data from web i enjoyed it a lot
Detailed informations and lectures. Fine understanding. Sincerely recommend to everyone
Dr.Charles Severance is the best python tutor out there. I'm glad that took his course.
Dr Chuck is as interesting and great as ever! Bonus: His enthusiasm is so motivating!!!
A little hard but finally seems like a college course. May need some updates on videos.
This course was too good, professionally explained in an easy way, i have learned a lot
Very well explained. Clears concepts and encourages to explore and understand by trial.
really good course, help us to understand about programming and instructor is very good
Good course. Teacher aids are very helpful when you get stuck and make a silly mistake.
This course is great. The knowledge gained in this course is very useful in real world.
A little bit harder, quite fast for first learner but with actual coding. It do helpful
Very good course for learning Python! I will continue learning the remaining courses :)
Comprehensive and Challenging, Im really starting to notice an improvement in my skills
This is a very good course. If you're really interested in Python, you have to take it.
very good lectures ...although I hoped some of the last lessons were in more detail ...
Just great! I really likes assighnemts with API and I would like to practive them more!
Great Course and Sir Charles Severance teaches in a wonderful way!  I love his teaching
because of the details covered in it. The way everything is taught through explanation.
This course inspire me to think about what we can build to facilitate my work and life.
nice teaching ...started seriously considering other coursera courses after this course
An excellent class.  I learned a lot that will be applicable in real-world programming.
I really like the simplicity of the overall program, makes it easy for even a beginner.
I need a lot of clarity over the concepts in depth. But somehow done this course well.
Probably the best course on Python Web Scraping I've taken so far, thanks Dr. Chuck :)
Great course! Feeling like I learned something valuable . The instructor is very nice.
I've got a basic overview of how to use python to require data on internet's services.
I have to say, not often you get starters courses with a great faculty like Dr. Chuck.
VERY VERY resourceful and understandable TX prof Charles  Severance for valuable input
Thanks for the course. It was a pleasure for me to go through the course with Dr.Chuck
This is an excellent course that covers useful material. Dr. Chuck is a great teacher.
very useful courses and I really want to take the class directly from school some day!
This course give a good introduction about how to communicate with web data in python.
Dr. Chuck delivered another informative and fun class. I learned a lot and enjoyed it!
Courses are really good and easy to learn. Highly recommend if you are still hesitant.
it's so great and helpful. Professor is so funny. looking forward more courses by him.
Excelent Teacher thanks, the material videos, readings and exercises are really hepful
Excellent Class, just like all the others in the group of Python classes by Dr. Chuck.
Great course for beginner programmer or someone that has been away from it for awhile.
Great course with interesting practical applications explained. Dr. Chuck is a legend!
Very good course for building the base, every thing is taught well with ample examples
Very good and well explained course.I think also the test and quiz are very very good!
Prof. Severance really knows how to teach. I enjoy every single of his lecture videos.
Very detailed course and lots of information to digest. Thanks to the team and tutors.
Learnt a lot from this course. Very good exercises and detail explanation of concepts.
Thank Chuck!Always wanted to get into Coding. Thanks to you I finally made the step :)
Great course.Great instructor!I now have great new data manipulation skills.Thank you!
Really well-structured course. Learned quite a lot. I simply love Dr.Chuck's Lectures.
great introduction course. I wish you offered more advanced courses in python as well.
This course is good for both novice and expert in Python. Lots of new things to learn.
It is an excellent course that I like, which makes me getting to know what is Python.
That was a bit harder than the first two courses, but very well explained, thank you!
one of the challenging course ... and its fun to complete it also I really enjoyed it
I have learned a lot in this course alone with XML and JSON to google and twitter API
Most interesting course . Thanks to Coursera and of Dr.Chuck a best energetic teacher
ALL The Concepts were clearly explained in an engaging manner.Thanks a lot  Charles!!
Great course.  The content was very useful, the assignments were challenging and fun.
Excellent course with amazing coursework and an exceptional method to teach and grade
Very informative, I learned a lot.The exercises are challenging and fulfilling to do.
It is clear and homework is well designed to help students to understand the lessons.
perfect for people interested in programming and want to learn an easy language first
This is a really great course which help me learn how to access web data with Python!
Enough knowledge to get the basic Python Programming journey started , Good lectures!
Words cannot describe how useful this courses have been for me, 10 stars if possible!
Very good!!! Dr Chuck is very good at teaching, and the homework design is fantastic!
Fundamental Course for any web development using python. Chuck keeps you entertained.
One of the best courses that I've taken this year. The Ebook for the course is great.
A very good introductory course to learn web scraping. Awesome instructor, Dr. Chuck.
Great contents and very simple presentation of materials that anyone can understand..
Excellent introductory course for python and web data with some really cool examples.
awesome professor and course materials. Dr. Chuck explained the contents really well.
I learnt so much in this course just as in all the previous courses.Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Really good course. I would prefer to have a bit more challenging assignments though.
This was a new course for me, as I had never programmed this type of problem before.
this couse is good . this course extract the information web site and using API key.
Great concepts provided by Dr. Chuck! I am using JSON concepts in my freelance work.
I was new to Network Programming. But it was a great experience because of Dr.Chuck.
A lot of fundamental knowledge and skills of web access using python are introduced.
DR.CHUCK IS REALLY AWESOME AND PERFECTLY GUIDE ME ABOUT THIS COURSE I REALLY ENJOYED
Great course to learn how to utilize the web services data/API (can be XML or JSON )
I felt like I did some real work with programming in this course. Very satisfactory.
This course is really interesting and it involves operating across the real Network!
Course helped me achieve greater knowledge and improved my skills to a great extent.
Tricky then the recent two courses but full of fun. I enjoyed learning it very much.
I would never stop of Thanking you for such a great course, easy to be understood!!!
Great course! Learnt a lot and finally feel that I am on a highway to master Python!
Thanks for the course. It was really useful. I'm looking forward to do the next one.
Excellent course!!! Presents some nice applications of Python in analyzing web data.
Nice overview of practical skills for accessing data from web resources.  Thank you!
It's good to learn how to access web data including specifically html, xml and json.
I though parsing xml or json is much complex, but with python libraries its awesome!
Dr. Chuck as allways makes me feel myself smarter than I thought before his courses.
one of the best courses on python. Thanks to Dr.Chuck for being the best instructor
This course is very helpful for getting insights into basics of accessing web data.
It was an excellent course and i got to learn a lot of new things about python. :-P
This courses helped me a lot. Got an idea how to access web data. Thank you so much
excellent way of explanation and excellent support in the discussion thank you sir.
Excellent course. I found the Content and pace just right for beginner like myself.
For very beginners, a bit boring to programmers but yeah, revised old stuff. Thanks
Very good course. I learned a lot. This course was hard working. But I like python.
This class is much more difficult than class 1 and 2. A lot of effort must be made!
Very good content for a number of useful libraries and their real world application
always prefer Dr.Chuck's course as it is very well organised and easy to understand
I truly enjoy the format, and like these assignments!! print('Great way to learn!')
good one for beginners... but was easy for me as I have more programming experience
very nice but since they never used a framework for python, that was disappointing.
Amazing. The concept was broken into logical unit which made it easy to understand.
Great course! Quizzes are fair,  assignments are perfect for learning the material.
Very Very knowledgeable and real life usable information are taught. Simply awesome
very useful, practical!the assignment and material is well designed with all heart.
great course! I am seasoned programmer and learned a lot about python in this class
Dr. Chuck rules! Tnx a lot for all your knowledge and you are an  inspiring person
Learnt so much exciting new stuff! Loved the way how this course gathers momentum.
Highly recommended to everyone, i love sire teaching style.thanks for great course
In this course,I learnt how to talk to internet through python.It was awesome.....
I've enjoyed the course. Great insights into lots of areas I can use going forward
Great to get to this level so quick, the course is well designed and motivational!
Loved everything! Except chapter 6 on Twitter and Geocoding APIs is not up to date
From this specialization series it is until now the best one but two more comming.
This course helped us in applying the data structures to work on useful scenarios.
I've been working through the full py4e specialization and it's been great so far.
I never imagined I could learn how to learn to do these things. It's an adventure!
Great class, practical content you can use in structured format that is to digest.
I'm loving it so far! A couple of exercises were confusing but i'm learning a lot!
Excellent introduction to Python, especially for those who are new to programming!
Great course. Really liked the manner in which it was presented. Awesome examples.
Starting to get pretty challenging, but very good instruction for an online class!
I learnt a lot, Python is a great and friendly tool to solve problems really fast.
Great course and easy to learn from. I would highly recommend, even for beginners.
Very interesting  course and manageable and understandable content and curriculum.
I've started using web crawling to manage my telegram channel.Thanks Dr. Chuck :-)
An amazing course to learn how to program with Python accessing data from the Web.
Course is great. The graders and assistants are unnecessarily rude and unhelpful.
great course for aspiring web data scientists as it provides many required skills
More desired One. and day by day i am fallen love with programming. thank Dr chuk
Dr. Chuck, Why you so awesome? (Here, "?" doesn't stand for "if".You are awesome.
This one was a little bit tough than previous courses but a lot more interesting.
The course is not bad but I still don't understand what for are these knowledges?
This is a challenging course.   It provides a thorough introduction to the topic.
Really amazing class and quite helpful for beginners to start to data-extracting.
Really Really Useful! I am a beginner but the tutor explained everything clearly.
It's a really good lesson for learning using Python to access web data.Recommend！
great course to learn new python libraries like json,xml,beautifulsoup,socket,etc
Got to learn a lot from this course. It was challenging but really enjoyed it! :)
perfect class，it teachs me a lot about data acquiration and analysis，thanks a lot
Had no experience with access web data and this class made it clear how to do it.
Excellent course and excellent instructor. I highly recommend taking this course!
Dr. Chuck is an awesome instructor and the programming exercises are interesting.
The course was great! The tasks could have been a bit more complex and demanding.
It's fun to watch the videos, and the learning process is very enjoyable. Thanks.
It is a very useful course with a brilliant Dr. Chuck . I am grateful with him an
I felt a little confused, but at the end i can solve some issues about web logic
very helpfull for those who want to explore pyhon libraries and its applications
Great introductory course that gives you more than just the surface of knowledge
I strongly recommend this course if you are a internet geek or what to be one :)
A very very useful course....Got to know and use the different aspects of python
good course for learning web stuff with overall view of most technologies in use
Kudos to the platform coursera and dr. chuck. very user friendly. clear lectures
Tough topic presented in an easy way. Great explanation by Dr. Charles Severance
nice course, recommended to add here mini project as parsing weather or Facebook
Learnt many intresting modules in python and also accessing the data through web
Learned many things from this course. Thanks Dr.Chuck for this wonderful course.
Great course. Amazing how far Dr Chuck takes you in such a short period of time.
A useful and interesting course, but I think the BeatifulSoup needs more explain
Quite challenging - make sure you have paid attention in the previous courses :)
we are learning advance python concepts in this certification thanks to coursera
Great course although it was kind of tough, but good info if you like web topics
Very clear! It's fun for me to learn how to extract data from files or websites!
Help me a lot with demonstrating elaborately how xml and json work. Many thanks!
Good course, interviews with Roy Fielding and Ian Horrocks are very nice extras.
It was a really fun course. The instructor enjoys teaching and I enjoy learning.
Great course that explains web access via python in an easy to understand format
Good course, I learn a lot about web data and how to parse the web using python.
Excellent Python web access , examples and practice real cases. Great Teaching!!
It's a well planned course and its content is used daily for a python developer.
Good lecutres and nice explanations! Also the test and practical work is useful!
Very simple, yet effective introduction for some useful tools. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
A great introduction course. However the assignments are not challenging enough.
An excellent course, not only the Python instruction but also the various videos
Wonderful course.  Thank you Dr. Chuck.  Material was engaging and challenging.
As usual, Dr Chuck is great at explaining and it makes learning so much easier!
Dr. Chuck is great and the division of the materials makes it easier to follow.
This course was very helpful to me to understand web data. Thank you very much.
for those who wanted to get started with web scraping this will be a good start
This course introduces basics of web access functions and application, love it!
Very Nice , Good Amount of Coding and the Zip file full of codes is really nice
all python programmers, who are interested in web world, must take this course.
Nice easy introduction to using Python to gather and analyse data from the web.
Great experience with Dr.ChuckLearn as much as you can.Everyday is a school day
The instructor as well as the couse itselt was amazing. Thanks for offering it.
The course is amazing, especially Charles Russel Severance sir way of teaching.
Covers all the important information in an intuitive and clear way! Very useful
Awesome course to learn how to obtain information from the web by using Python.
A great course. I have learned valuable skill which are applicable for research
It was very insightful and useful.  powerful tool in a any data scientist's kit
feeling so happy to keep moving in this class, really hoping to learn more! : )
Great introduction to know how to access Web Data through XML and JSON objects.
Lots of food for thought . Great piece of data rich lessons. Thanks Dr Chuck :)
The course is well organized and touch on topics that matter in the real world.
Simple to understand and practice for beginners and green horns to programming
Loved the lectures , they were accurate enough to explain you all the topics .
a very very good course for every one who need to gain knowledge about python.
Excellent course! Some parts a good challenge, but that's what they should be.
Wonderfully done Dr.Chuck! You can make even the most boring parts bearable :)
the course is helpful for applying the concepts of python in application level
Simply Awesome! Concepts made very clear and simple to learn. Loved the course
The class is super easy to follow and awesome! The instructor is very hand-on!
Great way to learn a new skill like Python. Beats physical university any day!
thanks Dr.chuck for your  clear and accurate explanation thanks a lot coursera
must join course.everyone should join the course.teachers teaches really well.
Amazing course, I would have preferred if the assignments were clearly stated.
It was a great course. You get a good view about Web Data Handling with PYTHON
This lesson teachs me how to use python to solve web problems. It's very good!
Just like the previous courses -- well-structured and very intuitive lectures.
Great course.  Top-notch, enthusiastic instructor and well organized material.
Can be improved a little on the XML and JSON part but a great course otherwise
Very challenging course but very useful and fun, enjoyed it, Thanks Dr. Chuck!
Very interesting. Has a lot of sense with the two previous courses. Fantastic!
It's so much easier to learn more about python and data by taking this course.
Great course that gives you an excellent insight into the world of Data Mining
Very good presentation; takes small steps and shows examples of assigned work.
This was interesting and helpful. I am very grateful for taking this course!!
Awesome teaching and very very interested to watch from the Computer Magazine
Very easy to understand, and apply, Dr.Charles is one of the best instructors
Very Interesting Course, Easy to Learn, Great study contents and assignements
Great course on Accessing Web Data and the Dr.Chuck is an amazing instructor.
Excellent Guided Pathway to the World of Internet using Python as a Language.
Really enjoyed this course! BTW, Dr. Chuck really got his MOJO WORKING! Haha!
Exercises with respect to real geojson and twitter api's will be more helpful
It's really useful to learn how to manage with database, thank you very much!
Awesome course, easy to follow, good working examples to teach core concepts.
Good review of the different methods to access the data available on the web.
Interesting course. Assignments are really great though at times challenging.
very structured and nice approach to learning with plenty of related examples
Teaches you the essentials of data and also shows you the importance of data.
This course taught so much more than just Python and so elegantly. Thank you.
Speaker knows how to explain complex stuff in easy language. Very good intro.
Hi there!It was fun to learn python! Thank you for teaching.Best wishes,Denis
Excellent teaching and quizzes and assignments, this is a interesting course.
This course was really awesome, I really enjoyed while learning the courses.
It was an awesome course that I ever had. Thanks a lot Dr. Chuck. Keep going
best course i have ever seen, anyone can become zero to hero in programming.
excellent course! very up to date curriculum and excellent teaching capacity
Really good overall I really like it when starts the part about json and xml
Excellent introduction to know how to parse a XML and JSON file with Python.
Useful application of what is learned throughout the course. Excellent class
Prof explains everything in great detail. Very nicely planned. Loved it !!!!
Good course! The programming assignments are challenging! They take a while.
This is a great course. Thank you Dr. Chuck to make the class more engaging.
It keeps getting better and better . Looking forward for the Course 4 and 5.
Very analytical and useful course. Definitely worth my time, I learned loads
Dr Severence is one of the professors I've known. Thank you for guiding sir.
Super useful course! I really liked the style of teaching. Thanks Dr. Chuck!
All the best of REST and APIs seen through the eyes of Dr. Chuck and Python.
Really, very good Course; you can learn more more details about web services
Very much enjoying the course so far! Am glad this topic is so well handled.
Great course. Useful. Very easy assignments which could be done by a child.)
An informative course which helped me learn to access web data using python
Great course that provides some challenges at time, worth the time & effort
The videos can be more long to add some more information from the textbook.
Simple and efficient course to learn the basic skill set to access Web data
You must do this course if you want to learn web data scraping using python
thx for Dr. Chuck, thats a such a great course for the beginner like me !!!
Excellent course if you want to learn how to scrape HTML, XML and JSON Data
Love it!!  Learn at your own pace, plus interactive examples to learn form.
It's nice lecture to understand the way of  accessing web data with Python.
Excellent course !!! I really learn from you guys!!! Thanks to Dr Chuck !!!
Thanks again Dr. Chuck! Parsing data from the web is a great skill to have!
Great course, liked a lot, had a lot of fun trying to resolve the problems!
Who ever need a Guru to learn something new with Python , I recommend this.
Many Thanks for Dr Chuk for presenting us the well crafted course. Kudhos!!
Course helps all levels of students who wants to start coding using python.
very well structured and nice presented. It made the subject easy to learn
An excellent introductory course. I would surely study the topic in depth.
The best courses to learn something at the beginner level. It's tremendous
highly recommended. Quiz and practice are usefull to understand the theory
Great and concise material with to the point explanation.Loved it Dr.Chuck
Good course for learning but some long content really hard to concentrate.
good course. Difficulty level is good. Feels good when you solve a problem
This course covers some really interesting topics related to web crawling.
Dr Chuck is the man - keep the jokes and great instruction coming, please!
This course is really amazing. I wanted to scrap the web. so here I got it
Great, Intuitive, straight to the point and with enough theoretical points
I think its easier than courses before, but it's a great step, nonetheless
Really great and clear explanation, makes learning so much easier and  fun
Another awesome course from Dr. Chuck. I can't recommend it highly enough!
Great way to learn Python, very pragmatic with real-life problems to solve
Thank you again for a wonderful course. I can't wait to learn more Python!
great course nice lecture videos easy to understand the content and access
I had lots of fun doing the work and json course was awesome to play with.
Dr. Chuck's charisma makes taking this course a very enjoyable experience.
Lectures were interesting and teaching methodology by Dr. chuck was great.
A great introduction about use python interface to get data from internet!
Thanks for the clear explanation in the videos. Good course for beginners.
Great, great course.  It is an excellent way to jump into web programming.
Amazing course, specific and thorough lectures- learned a lot and had fun!
It's a great course with many activities to help solving real neccesities.
Very useful class - all topics a relevant for retrieving data over the web
I think this part of Py4e easiest than previous courses. Thanks Dr. Chuck
A thorough coverage of REST API, web-scrapping, json and xml data access.
The Topic was Best as always. But this time the codes were very difficult
Its an good experience to learn python and to upgrade knowledge in python
Really interesting course. It really demonstrates how powerful Python is.
Awesome course by a super awesome professor on the best learning platform
Great learning experience, Dr chuck is awesome so as each and every staff
Excellent course! Very interesting and useful material! Highly recommend!
Very useful using python to do awesome things like grabbing data from web
Great introduction to accessing web data with python. Highly recommended.
Great for connecting to the web using Python: API, web crawler, XML, etc.
Faculty is one of the finest faculty i have seen ever. Many thanks again.
It's a very good course .I learned a lot about accessing web data ,APIs .
Amazing course with clear explanation of the concept and hand-on practice
Excelent course, is a very good introduction to the web and api services.
Access web data is really a cool thing by using python and print it out .
Dr Chuck is scaffolding step by step your skills in python in a cozy way.
Good class - estimated effort is appropriate - and the teacher has humor.
Lectures were very informative and sample code was provided for studying.
Yet another fantastic course in the specialization where I learned a lot!
Dr. Chuck is  great teacher! I really learned the material of the course!
Course of Dr. Chuck is one of the best I've even seen for eLearning MOOCs
Dr Chuck is an amazing teacher! I really recommend you take his courses.
Very good course but I think I didn't get complete feel of json and xml.
One of the best courses that teaches how to access web data using python
This is a very good course and I'll recommend this course to my friends.
Starting from basics and then to the advanced was very smooth transition
Its excellent experince and thrilling experince of accessing data on web
best course to learn !! It boosts our skills.I gain a lot while learning
If you wanna learn web access using python, then this course is a must!!
Wonderful course for learning how to retrieve information from web data.
Nice and impressive details for data extraction from web by using python
really nice and structured course; felt learnt a lot of practical stuff!
Very helpful! I've really understand how to access web data with Python.
Thanks for the opportunity. Wonderful learning opportunity. Go Dr Chuck!
This class is a little harder than the former one but it is very useful.
I love this course. I learned a lot of things about json, using of APIs.
Easy to understand with clear teaching. Good code example to understand.
it is a good course and is well explained in all its terms and its glory
Maybe homeworks are too easy, but they are concentrated on the course...
Awesome experience. I would like to meet Dr. Chuck personally someday :)
Was great to start seeing how python can be applied to scraping web data
It's awesome! After this  course I can claw lots of data on the internet
Very good introduction to start dealing with Web process communication.
This course is helpful , if you want to become a good python programmar
graded tools are much helpful to understand the whole learning of week.
The course was really helpful for understanding all the basic concepts.
-simple explanation and excellent instructor-could be more assignments.
Very concrete teaching and hands-on approach, thank  you for the class.
learn a lot about the web and data scraping from the webthank you  ,sir
its good session and explained in very good manner.. Thank you so much.
Easy to understand and properly set to practise. Thank you very much!!!
Very well paced, entertaining and complete initiation to Python course!
The course is a good starting point for anyone willing to learn Python.
Dr. Chuck is very good at making the course interesting and accessible.
very nice course that introduced me to the very useful geocoding thing.
nice course, awesome and interesting learning about the power of python
Fantastic course for people who'd like to work with database colection.
This course is much harder than the first two but you will learn A LOT!
very useful course. Out of the whole specialization loved it the most !
Third course in the specialization and it's only getting more exciting!
very easy to understand explanation. I am glad to learn from Dr. Chuck.
Thank you so much for your lecture.I am so happy attending your course.
Outstanding course, and a great way to conduct such a difficult course
An excellent course for beginners to learn python for web applications
This is an excellent course, I found it both challenging and exciting.
Great course. Acquired a lot of new skills. Very much student friendly
Excellent Course, good pace, and great book  Can't wait to take Django
very informative and good session on xml and json format integrations.
You really learn the basics of acessing data with python in a fun way!
Very informative. I like the part about Google Places and Twitter API.
So much benefit i received from this class. Only I can say is Why not?
Thanks coursera for such valuable knwoledge, wish you a lot of success
Very informative. Good if you have completed all the previous classses
Great course for the ones who would like to know how web services work
Very practical. I feel like I got super powers after learning this. :)
Very good and  really increased my  confidence in learning new things.
I recommend this course!! It helped me a lot to go deeper into python.
it is a little difficult than the courses before, but still very good.
The professor explains everything explicitly and I feel very satisfied
I enjoyed every single bit of lectures by Dr. Chuck, he  is awesome!!!
I got a good overview of how to obtain data from the web using python.
Excellent course! Very well prepared. Looking forward to the next one.
Great course, hope you keep the good job. Thanks Coursera and Dr.Chuck
Really grew an appreciation for Python after these courses. Thank you!
This course has maintained its quality, I love it! Thanks Dr. Chuck!!!
Very structured and comprehensive course. One of the best of coursera!
Really funny way to learn the bases of internet programming in Python.
Great course! I wish json and soa topics were explored in more detail.
Very Good class, thanks for making this course available for the world
The passion that Dr put in this curse is contagious! Excellent Course!
Very very good. I'm already recommending the specialisation to people.
A very good intro to how to use Python to access web data. I loved it!
Mr Sverance is so funny and humorous. The class is easy to unserstand.
Best course for everyone and i really learnt a lot during the course.
A very great course and really help me to get started with my project
Thank you coursera for this type of courses .What a course to learn!!
Very happy with the course ,learning and its application at same time
Good Good Good. But once finishing the first two parts of the Course.
This course is very helpful and teach you web using python in detail.
A very interesting course with lots of new content and staff to learn
Interesting and easy to understand. A good start for Python learners.
It's a good course that helps me to understand how to do web scraping
Easy to follow course which provides foundation of key network ideas.
This course was very interesting and I found this a little difficult.
it's very useful for me to understand the python programming language
Pretty good, gave me a glimpse of how to apply python into real world
Dr Chuck is awesome, I can't believe how much I learned in this class
Very good, I demands lost of effort, but it created a great knowledge
Terrific course.  Excellent demonstration of Beautiful Soup and JSON.
Very good course, the material is clear and the assignment is helpful
Really good course. Helped me add more tools to my internet hacks. :)
Excellent course. Concepts explained in an easy to understand manner.
Brief but very useful introduction to using Python to Access Web Data
It is really interesting course about web data and APIs! Really cool!
Love the python specification so much and really make a lot progress.
A very clear, well structured course for learning some python skills.
Great tutorials, explanations, starting code samples and assignments.
Thank you coursera, Thank you Telkom University, Thank you Dr. Chuck
awesome experience.. Dr.Chuck is awesome, the course is awesome !!!!
as usual Dr. Chuck made it easy to learn and challenging to exercise
Awesome course to enhance accessing web resources skills from python
some assigments are very though but i really enjoy to do assignments
it's not that easy like previous ones, but be patient its worth it !
It really good to get knowledge more about python to access web data
Continuation of the first 2 courses... Instructor is outstanding!!!!
Dr. Chuck is such awesome during this amazing journey. Thanks a lot.
The support on matters where the students get stuck may be improved.
This course is very lively and interesting. It can improve your work
Thank you Dr. Chuck. I wish I had met you at least a decade earlier.
Very Simple , easy to understand and comprehensive at the same time.
A great course as all of the previous ones from the Especialization.
Quick, hands-on, and covers all the good topics.Enjoyed it very much
Great course with details and practical usage of the python program.
Great course, and I learned a lot from this. Welcome to participate.
Dr Chuck is incredibly talented at explaining things, and has style!
Teacher is fun and very clear. Teaches each and every word he writes
Great course, very interesting  and nice explanations from Dr. Chuck
As per usual, it was a great course. Really opened up a whole world.
Very interesting ! The API part gave me a lot of fun. Thanks a lot !
Really useful to learn how to interact wit web resources from python
Excellent Course to know more about Python, XML, JSON, BeautifulSoup
This course is a great introduction to web programming using python.
Excellent course! Explanation is very clear with plenty of examples.
It's not as easy as should seem but it's the best for any developer
great course! can't believe I have come this far!thanks dr.Chuck!!!
Thanks...I reached new horizon.Thanks MUThanks CourseraThanks Kiron
I strongly recommend this course! Charles is a fantastic professor!
The course really helps to understand web access easily with python
Best course for python with web applications. I strongly recommend.
I have learned ow to access web data in different ways using python
Excellent course, the teacher is great and very easy to understand.
I think this is a relatively difficult course but it is quite cool.
Awesome course. But I think it needs more assignment and exercises.
Great introductory course with challenging assignment for beginners
Could not stop on the track Dr. Chuck has paved. Thank you so much!
Extraordinary course about computer programming.Highly recommend!!!
A great way to jump start playing with code to access the internet!
Great class, definitely requires prior knowledge of Python and API.
This course is easy to learn and it's very useful. Thanks Dr Chuck.
This course is very useful and easy to understand. Thank you a lot!
Excellent Course. I have learned lots of concepts from this course.
I have a good time to learn this course . Thanks all all the staff.
Wonderful course and instructor. Bonus video are also very helpful.
Great course, I learnt a lot coming from no programming background.
very great . the professor is very cute and has a very clear logic.
Great course. Easy to follow with Dr Chuck leading the way. I would
This has been hugely helpful in my new informatics role. Thank you!
Great lectures and instructor. I love this course and learnt a lot.
Very informative, learnt a lot of practical skills in data analysis
Good lectures. Inspiring code examples and programming assignments.
Great comprehensive course for web developers interested in Python.
The lectures are clear and the practical assignments are very nice!
Great course covering many important features of modern development
Amazing course! All tools that you need to start to access web data
Dr.Chuck is awesome,fantastic,so consise lectures ,it was so great
Another great course from Coursera and The University of Michigan!
Good course.Learned many new programming skills and easy to grasp.
Nice course, excelent like an intro to web scraping. Thanks a lot.
Got to learn a lot about the basics of APIs. Really awesome course
very good course hated the xml part prefered the json in a any way
Well this is good course which gives introduction web using python
I really enjoyed the time in this course.  The teacher is awesome.
after finishing course 1 and 2 you should definitely take this one
More practice and analysis for that would be better for beginners.
well structured and outstanding explanation. love you dr-chuck. <3
Great course. Starts from the very beginning. Very easy to follow.
Interesting applications for understanding and accessing web data!
As Always... Dr Chuck teached hard things much easier.. thank you!
Great insights into webdata and the building blocks of webscraping
Very basic and very core concepts cleared beautifully by Dr.Chuck,
Amazing course! Was able to finish it though with my busy schedule
it's great, it's intro-level course and cover most popular fields.
Good course, although I think Dr.Chuck could teach in more details
A lot of stuff to learn in this course, I had a lot of fun with it
Great Course and the way it has been designed is amazingly simple.
A very good course for one whom has interet in coding but has no e
Very good for a beginner and a programmer trying to be a Pythonist
Enjoyed with this class, and Dr.Chuck is a really good instructor!
Good course.Gives a clear view on the way websites and API's work.
Definitely, the best web data  course for novice python learners!!
Another interesting course.learnt loads.Eagerly awaiting the next.
Dr Chuck's explainations are amazing. I wish to meet him someday.
Excellent course, however I think it needs more practice material
Dr. Chuck is awesome as always! Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera!
Dr. Chuck is an awesome instructor. Thoroughly enjoyed the course
awesome course but must have prior knowledge about data structure
Exceptional Instructor alongside world class versatile resources.
Excellent course and professor, I strongly recommend this course!
2 courses left, I felt I have improved a lot, thank you coursera.
Thank to Charles Severance, his course's really catch and funny..
Chuck has a great teaching skill and is very humorous about it :)
useful course for knowing how to get and parse data from websites
Great intro to this rich area of Python coding to access web data
The best course like other previous series that I had learned it.
Good for starters with little or no prior Programming experience.
very good overview of how internet is connected with programming.
Very nice course content. And Dr. made everything seem so simple!
This is a good course, now I can do a lot more things with Python
Nice cours , I enjoy it ! thanks a lot Sir about all your efforts
Easy to understand and a well - paced course.Thank you Dr. Chuck!
I recommend this course to anyone who wants to program in Python.
Complicated  stuff. But instructor make it easy and fun to learn.
Professor Chuck is the best! And this course is very helpful too!
Love all the courses done by Dr chuck. Clear and straightforward.
Very useful info - clear, concise, and engaging video overviews.
Excellent course. The videos and examples are easy to understand
Thanks Dr Chucks, thanks Michigan Univ. and sure Thanks Coursera
Great course ...very very interesting ..thank you, Dr. Chuck👌👌
Highly Recommended for someone who wants to learn programming!!!
Great Python course for anyone who is trying to learn new skills
This is a very good course to understand the REST, XML and JSON.
A great course taught by an engaging and enthusiastic professor.
It's a bit tough to me actually...But the lecture was so good...
Dr. Chuck alone are worth the 5 star rating. Highly recommended!
Fun to learn but a little bit struggle at the end of the course.
Good, Fast and Enjoyable CourseThanks to instructor and Coursera
Absolutely perfect for starting web datamanipulations in Python.
This is another great course in the series. Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Great course for learning how to parse web data and access APIs.
A great step up in difficulty from specialization courses 1 & 2.
After long preparing, this course teach you some awesome things!
hard to get my foot in the door but every of my effort deserved!
Gained a basis for working with Web Data in Python. Good course!
This course is very helpful! Thanks so much for Professor Chunk!
Chuck is simply the best! I recommend this course for everybody!
Had a great time learning how to access web data using Python!!!
the best python teacher and materials i have encountered so far!
With simple and clear illustration of the web structure as bonus
Very inspiring lesson through which I find I have more to learn!
Excellent course and open source on classroom material is great!
Best intro programming series I've taken. Dr. Chuck is the best.
Excellent course, useful for building skills to scrape the web.
it's harder than the first two courses, but really interesting.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Good exercises and good classes.
Very helpful. A beginning towards developing APIs using python.
This is a wonderful course. Dr. Chuck is an awesome instructor.
This course best for learning to access web data using python .
A very good course if you want to understand the basics of web.
The concept of APIs is not explained in detail need improvement
It's a GREAT Course, I will surely recommend it to my friends!!
Very Informative course on how to Access Web Data using Python.
This is recommended class for anyone who wants to start Python!
A lot of interesting material was provided in an accessible way
it's more difficult but more interesting than previous courses.
Great course! As well as the previous ones. Thank you Dr.Chuck!
Great Course Highly Recommend to take that Whole Specialization
The instructor and his mode of lecture, contents were too good.
Lots of useful knowledge about protocols, xml & json, and apis.
Excellent overview of capabilities of Python in access the web.
This course helped me to switch from manual QA to Automation QA
i am fully satisfied with this course .awsome teaching style...
Great and well organized course. Makes learning so much easier!
I would recommend to new learners...Great course to get started
Thank you very much for letting me do this course. Learned alot
This course was a great look at some of the functions of Python
Wonderful course where the concepts were easily understandable.
Liked the exercises to read the google-api and the twitter-api!
Great Course, but the assignments are harder than earl courses.
great class,I study a lot here, hope for more similar classes!!
Very good course. I definitely opens a window of possibilities!
Good class. Clear presentation and learning programming skills.
Very Good Lecturer,Easy to understand and really useful course.
Great course for learning the basics of hacking with python! ;)
The teacher is very humorous and content is easy to understand。
Dr Chuck is great. The assitance on doubts is also really good.
good course for beginner. well designed tasks for max learning.
Just the right course to begin with to play with web data/api's
very good information of many concepts and nicely put together.
Fund and amazing how easy that we can use the resources in web.
Jst the Best Teacher and an incredible course, cheers chuck! :)
A very interactive and fun intro into the world of web-services
Execellent to learn logic of web data, html and xml parsing. :)
Very interesting Python course. I learned very much. Thank you.
easy to learngreat materialseasy learning difficult language :)
One of the best courses I have taken. Really enjoyed it a lot.
Great professor! Would appreciate though more coding practice.
Awesome Course, and awesome instructor. Thank you Dr. Chuck !!
wonderfull course... well structured... very understandable...
Sir the course is great and you made it simpler. Thank you sir
New things learned , great courses from University of Michigan
Very Good Course.Thank you Coursera for giving me this course.
can really helpful in future a very good course......among all
Loved it, easy to understand but precise teaching by Dr Chuck.
the course is still great! difficulty is picking how, however.
This time i learned very facinating things . thanks to cousera
Learn a lot on interfaces with json, xml and pulling web data.
Awesome course and very helpful!! Looking forward to the next.
Take a class from Dr. Chuck you will be delighted that you did
very goodbut i can not find the introduction for REST and SOAP
There's a lot to be learned in this course, and it's worth it.
Great hands on experience and appropriate level of assignments
Great introduction to accessing data (XML, JSON) using python.
Useful information but very high level. Great beginner course.
A little bit difficult but managed to handle it! Quite useful!
Excellent course. highly recommended to new Web Data learner !
Great Course! Loved every part of it. Very easy to understand.
very suitable for entry level training on python and internet.
light and clear syllabus and teacher  made this course awesome
I enjoyed this course the most.. best one in the specializatin
This is an excellent course; good pace and amount of material.
Excellent Course Dr. Chuck. Looking forward to the next one :)
it give lot of info about how to access web data using python
Best Course for understanding the topic. Best teacher ever!!!
Very well design concept with practicals/exercises/assignment
Excellent course to be with.Just loved the way,chuck taught!!
Great introduction to ways of accessing web data with Python!
Excellent and accesible material. Would definitely recommend.
This course is well structured and taught in interesting way.
Wonderful , this help me alot , ive learn so much from this !
Very informative session, Thank you for the wonderful session
amazing course , thanks so much for the degree really helpful
This course cleared my besic concept about Accessing web data
Love the way instructor taught us about which is new to me ..
ya i am very much happy to learn Access Web data using python
The teacher is very nice and the course is very  interesting.
extremely well explained.  I finally understand XML and JSON!
I really appreciated this course. It was challenging! Thanks!
Great course. Easy to understand and follow. Would recommend.
great course for beginners in python.It was like to have fun.
Dr. Chuck is the best. Such a fantastic educator. Thank you!!
Very thorough course that allows you to learn how to use APIs
What a Great course! Very well structured. Excellent Teacher!
Excellent class material.  Chuck makes it easy to understand.
Very informative!Great assignment best MOOC I've taken so far
Thank you very much for a very interesting and useful course!
very helpful course for beginners like me!! Highly recommend!
the  test is too simple ,but i have learned some basic skills
Amazing course, awesome teacher, concise and useful material!
thanks everyone related to this course i really enjoyed a lot
Thank you very much, dr. Chuck. This course was very helpful.
Great course, excellent to retrieve information from the Web.
5 stars! Would have given more if I had an option to do that.
Loved the course but I wished for more challenging exercises.
Perfect course for beginner...Very good contents to be learn
Great introduction to accessing web data with python scripts
Makes an intimidating topic approachable and understandable.
Thank you so much for making me love python and programming.
Excellent, well taught, good material and interface platform
this one is bit hard and bur dr. severance made it very easy
I really enjoy the course. I mean "enjoy", not just "learn".
great course everybody and every body should do this course.
Very important to learn how to use JSON and XML with Python.
Very clear explanation of use of important python libraries.
one of the best course available online Thank you Prof chuck
Great Course ....Love to have this course by great Dr.chuck.
It is fun to learn the skills to deal with data of internet.
very good class! difficult to understand but really useful!!
Excellent and interesting course! Recommend without a doubt!
Really love Chuck's speeches with humor and prone to access.
Much advanced topics covered in a simplest way to understand
Thanks Dr. Chuck the course, i like it and it help me a lot!
Very informative! Will continue to next section of Database!
Great course!  Learning also basic concepts of XML and Json!
It is really good, for explanations, text-book and examples.
thank you! i love this class very much, and thank you again.
Great instruction  and great equipment and materials.Thanks!
Very good easy to follow. Clear achievable learning outcomes
The course is concise and applicable. Dr. Chuck is humorous.
Great course to  give you intro for using python on the web.
This is one of the most amazing Python courses I have seen!!
Very practical skills in a painless, easy to follow process.
It's an Amazing course. Dr Chuck teaching style is awesome.
Gain to much information about access web data using python
Very inspiring Course. It encourages you to follow learning
excellent course, the programming of the tasks is very good
Great content, I really liked the methodology and the labs.
Great course & discussion forums are also great and helpful
dr chuck is the best, hands down. don't look anywhere else!
Dr Chuck taught the course very cleverly and interestingly.
It was a Happy Learning with University of Michigan.Thanks!
a bit hard for me, but pretty interesting! thanks dr.chuck!
I have learned a lot from this course, thank you Dr. Chuck!
this course  specially i found very interesting.. awsmmmm..
As good as the first two courses, love Dr.Chuck's lectures!
Dr. Chuck (Charles Severance) is the best instructor, ever!
Assignments are kind of easy and can push the student more.
Relevant examples, simple explanations and good assignments
A LOT harder then courses 1 and 2, I enjoyed the challenge!
XML and JSON extraction were so simple to learn, thanks for
Simple, clear, and concise explanation. Highly recommended.
After this course, we can play with really API, it's great!
Very Useful Introduction to Using Python to Access Web Data
Incredible course! Incredible Topic! Incredible Instructor!
Highly recommend for those that do not have much free time.
Thank you very much! An amazing course and great presenter!
Perfect course again. Fun and challenging at the same time.
Just enough to do some damage making API calls and parsing.
Neat work, excellent class structure. simple and practical.
Great Course! Dr.Chuck, thanks for your passionate sharing.
great professor + awesome/simple to understand presentation
excellent course with very clear and well explained topics.
Fantastic course!!! Awesome use of the Coursera platform!!!
Great course, but could be a bit open thn it is right now.
It was very helpfull regaurding the useage of xml and json
Really useful. Highly recommended to understand the basics
Nicely arranged and I have learned a lot from this course.
Great course! The lectures have a lot of useful materials.
You're awesome Dr Chuck. Thanks for this wonderful course.
Great experience and I really enjoyed Dr.Chuck's lectures!
This is the best certification for Python Web Data Access!
One of the best course on the Internet with a cool lector!
Still the best course on Python basics! Strongly recommend
Excellent material for quickstart in this domain of python
Lots of fun learning new skills. JSON is very nice to use.
Thank you Coursera for giving IUST university free courses
Very well explained. I recommend this course for beginners
Much known about web through python .This is a best choice
A good way to learn how python can communicate to the web!
THANKS DR CHUCK AND OTHER STAFF MEMBERS .THANKS A LOT //\\
It was a wonderful learning experience.Thank you Dr. Chuck
Awesome! I am even determined to complete the next course!
Awesome course to learn web data manipulation with python.
certainly learned a lot i love it i'd recommend  to anyone
Pretty good course for beginner like me! Thanks professor!
Overall great. But I found JSON part is a bit hard for me.
This is the one where it gets challenging and interesting.
Great course, well paced for Python beginners but thorough
Simply brilliant! Stimulating, challenging and fulfilling!
This section is very interesting and I get a lot from it !
Nice introductory course. It will be useful for beginners.
A nice course for beginners. Dr. Chuck is really humorous.
Great teacherGreat teaching methodologyInvaluable material
excellent and practical application of the subject matter.
What an amazing teacher...Love and greetings from Turkey.
Great course by Dr. Chuck. Will go on to the next course!
I like this course very much. Assignments are Challenging
Good very Useful information provided through this course
Brilliant course materials, organization, and instructor.
I liked this course very  much Dr Chuck is a good teacher
Exceptionally well taught course. Enjoyed every bit of it
This specialization just keeps getting better and better!
very much satisfiedspecial thanks a lot to the instructor
Perfect course. It shows how you can create a web spider.
Useful hints and simple use of python to access web data.
It was great time to listen Dr. Chuck and make exercises)
Wow, I learned Using Python to Access Web Data  ,,, easy!
recommended course for every programmer, i really love it
this is really enjoyable course thank very much dr. chuck
Yes. I like this class very much. It is very informative!
Got so much hands on on accessing web data through Python
Very helpfull. Thanks to Dr. Chuck and the Coursera team.
Missed some of my assignments .faced some what difficulty
Awesome video and python materials by Dr Chuck and Team !
Good information, great explanations and useful examples.
A little bit hard to understand but keep on going fellas!
Learned some simply approaches to get access to web data.
This is the best course to learn python for data science.
Amazing teacher , i really enjoy it ! It was very helpful
amazingly designed course with lots of bonus resources :)
Very easy to do and does not require much time commitment
excellent, very instructive between each program proposed
Loved the course and loved learning python with Dr. Chuck
Excelente course, i learn exactly what i want. thank you.
Amazing course and instructor. Very simple to understand
good course i learnt a lot things how to access web data
Amazing Course!!! really enjoyed it and learned a lot!!!
What a wonderful exposition to data mining from the web!
Really great, the excercises where really cool to solve!
A good course to start with Accessing web, using Python!
Little bit harder but well managed course!!thank you!!!!
Super awesome course, especially the hands-on assigments
Really Good course to the introduction in web scrapping.
Excellent Course: Easy to understand and good materials.
helps me a lot to understand the parsing of json and xml
Great course with a great instructor.  Very informative.
Amazing course, I learned a lot in the short time frame.
As good as the frist two courses of this specialisation.
giving good opportunity to learn more programming skills
Thank you so much for teaching us in an interesting way.
Very interesting to access web with small lines of code.
I'm learning a lot in these Python courses by Dr. Chuck.
Great scaffolding in this series.  Wonderful instructor!
Being a beginner in programming, this course helps a lot
Great professor, amazing course.  Wish more assignments.
Great course. I could go a little further on javascript.
Very interesting course i highly recommend this course.
Good foundation in extracting and munipulating web data
Its a very useful class leading towards specialization.
one of the best courses I've ever seenthanks Dr.Charles
Excellent course, clear instruction.  Difficult though!
Amazing, informative along with challenging assignments
This is very good course, learned a lot in this course.
Great Instructor and interesting and relevant material.
GOOD COURSE.Well designed ,and very easy to understand.
Great Learning experience.. Thanks coursera & Dr.Chucks
Great course and absolutely loved Dr. Charles teaching.
Great learning Python to access Web data with Dr Chuck!
This is a fun an exciting class. Dr. Chuck is the best.
A lot of very useful material, really excellent course.
awesome beginner level python course to get you started
I really have enjoyed this course, thank you so much!!!
Excellent Course! I'm ready to move on to the part 4:).
A great course to start access web data by programming.
Excellent course to get rid of the fear of programming.
Thats a great course and the instructor teach superbly!
A perfect course for anyone new to the Python language.
Perfect for learning python or improving python skills!
an useful introduction to use python to access web data
Learned loads, course was great, professor was awesome.
Very good course .... python has the language of future
Very clear explaination and useful. Good for beginners.
Again, thanks for Proj. Charles with the useful course!
Excellent material, well prepared and well thought out.
I got a vast knowlegde about python accessing web data
What a great course taught by an Excellent Instructor.
Good and simple start to access web data using Python!
Excellent course, Dr. Chuck is an excellent professor!
Amazing course! Amazing instructor! Thank you so much!
This course is really good. Gave me a good experience.
it was really nice to learn and interact with dr.chuck
Excellent Course for Getting Started with Web Scraping
Good Course, Lot of Information to learn and practice.
Best source to understand about how to access web Data
Excellent Course to master Python! Thank you Dr. Chuck
Thank you so much sir your teaching style is awesome .
I like this course and great explanation from Dr Chuck
He who doesn't like Dr. Chuck doesn't appreciate life!
Very good course, I can't wait to start the next one!!
Never learnt better from a programming teacher before.
Good challenge and great support from the team. Thanks
To be honest, the most difficult one. But I neiled it.
Great way to learn Python, 3/5 done in specialization!
Dr. Chuck is awesome! Best python specialization ever!
Very well taught and dr. chuck is really good at this!
Awesome Teaching! Learnt many concepts in an easy way.
Enjoy every bit of the course. Again, Thanks Dr. Chuck
Nice Course. Learnt a lot. Thanks to the instructors..
A very good course. Everything is explained so nicely.
Great course. Recommended to start with web scrapping.
A good start to understand what goes around API world.
Loved the course. Learnt a lot about API and scraping.
It is just a great course. I recommend it to everyone!
Very well planned course which covers a lot of ground.
Great code examples and insights by Profesor Severance
easy to understand, very suitable for online learners.
Good course. It expands on the basics learned earlier.
that is a ggod course ,it is based on practcal stuffs
thankyou so much to provide me such beautiful course.
Thanks, is a very good snack to introduce in web word
Nice introductory course to web services with Python!
Love this course. Wish it could provide more practice
oh, i enjoyed  a lot . thanks for juicy video  course
I really enjoyed this course. Thank you to Dr. Chuck!
Absolutely in love with this course. Enjoyed learning
I am so happy because all the things that I know now.
really easy to stay on day and perform the assigments
great course , i learned so much , thank you Dr.chuck
Thanks sir giving such phenomenal learning experience
Very Good course.Regular Expression Part was amazing.
A great start to get in touch with XML, JSON and APIs
kinda hard for me to understand but extremely helpful
best course for learning using python to get web data
very interesting topic! love the way of the teaching!
course have good pace and nice explanations on topics
It gives me a chance to renew my view of web and data
Great Course. Anyone into IT should take this course.
Loved it. Not too easy, not too hard. Easy to follow.
really depth understanding of the python and the web.
Was fun to learn how we can scrap data from internet.
Dr. Chuck, as always, does not disappoint. Well Done!
A lot harder compared to the first two python courses
Very useful for starters with web services and python
Great introduction to accessing web data with Python.
Easy to keep up with the course. Valuable experience.
Great TutorGreat CourseGreat MaterialsFun Programming
Most excellent and useful online course I've learned!
Learned basic steps and techniques to access web data
Dr. Chuck is awesome, learned so much in this course.
Fun course! Charles is very entertaining and engaging
It's amazing, very organized, easy to follow and fun!
Challenging course but pays off! Strongly recommend!
as the previous course this course is also very good
Dr. Chuck is amazing.I hope to meet him in real life
Learned many  things, beautifully taught by Dr Chuck
Encourage me to be a self-starter and explore python
great tutor and assignments,really enjoyed learning.
overall course was really good. it was fun learning.
Great course. I'm on my way for python for everyone!
Assignments are easy, but the courses are brilliant.
The videos short, The course amazing and practical .
Dr Chuck is the best really breaks everything down!!
of the best and most great courses of specialization
Just like all the other class from Dr. Chuck, GREAT!
Love this course which make learning python so easy!
A pleasure and easy to follow – Thank you Dr. Chuck!
The course is awesome but really need extra efforts.
Excellent !!! Its an easy course but I learnt a lot.
Great information.  Dr. Chuck is a great instructor.
Great course with good teaching, practice. And exams
once again only matter the ability to make it simple
Extremely useful and relevant for today's technology
very specific and knowledgeable about web accessing
Very Good Course Help Me To Build My Python Skills.
Great course. Best place to learn in depth concepts
One of the best course, explained really very well.
This is very amazing course.I enjoyed it very much.
Great learning..... with professor.......thank you.
i got to learn very much about json , xml and api's
Great Teacher, Best Online Course to do for Python.
its too good but about api is not cleared in detail
Awesome class. Learned a lot. Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
good course, excellent teacher and great University
Great course from the hand of our beloved Dr. Chuck
Dr Chuck is best of the best instructor I ever met.
All the series "Python for Everybody" is excellent!
Great course. Wonderful explanations in the videos.
Good introductory course for working in web-domain.
simple and good coverage of the basics of Web Data!
Nice, I learned how to download stuff from the web!
Dr Chuck...is the best...thanks for your hard work.
i am great to learn lot of scripting language stuff
Good course for accessing web using python, Thanks!
Great stuff! Expanding my CS knowledge tremendously
Highly recommended. Very well explained and useful.
Really illustrative, short, especific and excelent.
Very good course. Not very difficult but practical!
Dr.Chuck's courses are fantastic! you can't miss it
It was fun to expand my python knowledge. Thanks...
Excellent course, very interesting and challenging!
awesome... thank for everything ! i learned a lot !
Actually I think I need more homework and practice.
Great course! Very straightforward and organized!!
Best one.i really enjoyed the course thoroughly...
Every course from this specialization is excelent!
exceptinally for web data scrapping and extracting
The assignments were just awesome and mind blowing
i wish i could give this course more than 5 stars!
It is an awesome course and dr chuck is awesome 🤩
This course is so excellent. I seriously loved it.
Awesome course. Great Teacher Dr. Chuck. Thank you
excellent introduction to web services, xml, json.
Begin to learn how python works in the real world!
wonderful experince with the teaching of Dr. Chuck
This course is very useful and easy to understand.
Simply Amazing to have such a lecturer and mentors
Dr Chuck, you are a heaven send!!!! Thank You!!!!!
Excellent course and very interesting assignments!
I loved it. Thank you Professor for your hard work
Thank you for helping me with study this course!!!
Very informative and interesting class. Thank you.
Best professor, makes learning fun. Learned a lot!
Very cool!  Demystified getting data from the web!
After taking this course, i found it very useful !
I thoroughly enjoyed the course, and learnt a lot.
Another amazing course from Coursera and Dr Chuck.
Basic project to learn deal with data through web.
excellent! educational, entertaining and enjoyable
Simple and fun to learn, especially for beginners.
Easy to learn. Encourage me to learn more courses.
Very useful course! I love it! Thank you very much
The course was awesome due to the awesome teacher
really good series of courses with a great tutor.
I learn a lot of Python, for using in data mining
very good course to understand json and rest apis
Mr. Chuck did a great job again with this course.
very good course doing amazing thing with python.
the lesson was quite hard but interesting as well
This was a great course. Pleasure was all mine ;)
this is an amazing course i learn a lot thank you
Another excellent course by Dr. Chuck. Thank you!
very eagerly waiting to learn even more and  more
very easy to under stand and nice guy teaching us
Great MOOC, max efficiency for the study workload
Excellent method of teaching. Thanks to Dr. Chuck
The best way to learn Python. Highly recommended.
Good course on basics of data retrival from web:)
The professional is great at what he is teaching.
Excellent instructor and the course is fantastic!
One of the best professor. Great teaching skills.
Simple and fast intro to read HTML, XML and JSON.
Great intro course for accessing data on the web.
Interesting intro to JSON, REST, SOA with Python.
Just go for it, learn lot of things and have fun.
very good to start your web data accessing career
For those interested in XML and JSON is great!!!!
Very well explained. Plenty of learning material.
Really fun and quite challenging towards the end!
You are awesome sir way of teaching is excellent
Overall course is very friendly and interactive.
This class is very good and helpful Thanks a lot
Excellent Course to Access Web Data using Python
Very clean teaching and is easy to follow along.
super tuff one. But you can win it by positivity
The API's , JSON and XML were a treat to learn .
very informative course and very nice instructor
Teach me sufficient knowledge of access web data
Tough course, but you improve a lot your skills!
excellent course! thank you, I've learned a lot.
Excellent presentation of material to be learned
Great Class.Dr Chuck is an excellent instructor.
Well explained, succinct and funny! Great course
Dr chuck is great! learn a lot from this lesson.
This was a a challenging fun course. Enjoyed it.
Now I can use basic API and scraping. Thank you.
Very good course for Python Beginners. Loved it.
Dr.Chuck is a great teacher. Loved the course :)
it is an awesome course , with many information.
Materials and assignments are easy to understand
Very useful, explained in detail basic concepts.
Outstanding course from Dr. Chuck. Thank you Dr.
very good coursethe exercises are a bit too easy
Excellent course! Python is powerful on the Web.
Great class.  Dr. Chuck was fantastic as always.
Very interesting and a lot of fun with Dr Chuck.
Great Course! I've learned a lot from the class.
Fun course that was challenging and very useful.
very good course with a even better instructor.
Thanks Dr. Chuck, your teaching style is great!
i have issues with my assignments please respod
Very Informative and clearing concept in detail
It is a  very helpful and knowledgeable course.
Good course on web api. It starts to get useful
One of the best Python Course at global scale !
One of the best courses that I have ever taken.
I haven't received my certificate. Please help!
Outstanding professor! Very relevant coursework
Good introduction to using python to asscess we
Good Course, good teacher and objective classes
Thankyou so much for this wonderful course Sir.
Well organized course, very efficient to learn.
Fantastic - as always with this Specialization.
One of the best python course available online.
Thanks for your teaching and really good course
Interesting  course to process web data. Thanks
A very good course which simplifies everything.
Great course for introducing web data to Python
Great Course, you learn the basics very quickly
Dr Chuck makes Great JOB!!! Thank you Dr Chuck!
Great course. Beyond basic knowledge of Python.
Excellant video and assignments for beginners!!
It's awesome to learn retrieving data from web!
Awesome! Every single detail is well explained.
Best course ever.The teaching style was great.
Great Teacher,Dr.chuck! thanks for instructing
Excellent course with the best explanations!!!
Awesome Course. Thanks Coursera and Dr. Chuck.
it's a very good course everyone should do it.
Would like to see more challenging assignments
Th best course to understand websites and APIs
A nice concise demo on how to access web data!
the course is hard but the videos make it easy
Excellent instructor. Very useful assignments.
excellent,perfect  pretty awesome 💯💯💯💯💯💯
Great to learn web services topics with Python
Excellent curse to expand the Python knowladge
interesting course but it can be much detailed
Course was very awesome and easy to understand
The difficulty ratchets up, but in a good way!
Great course to get used to accessing web data
Very helpful for a package that I have learned
thank you chuck, we need more courses from you
This was a great learning in python as a whole
This is the best course for learning web data.
Amazing course as it is always from Dr. Chuck!
a little bit challenging but also interesting!
Great introduction to web scraping with Python
Love Coursera Best Online training system ever
This entire specialization has been fantastic.
Very good overview of using Python on the web.
Nice and easy, good for getting one's feet wet
Remains Informative, Interesting and Practical
Super Course. Helped me lot with web scraping.
Useful course. The explanantion is very clear.
Great class! Great materials.  Thanks so much.
A great course and teacher!. congratulations !
Great class. It is very perfect for beginners.
Dr. Chuck is the best teacher I have ever had.
Very nice course. Not to slow and not to fast.
Thank You! Very excited about the next course!
useful content and brilliant way of teaching .
Nice course. Becomes wonderful with Dr. Chuck
I really enjoy this course, thanks, Dr. Chuck
very good course that i  have seen in my life
Really enjoyed to run JSON and many functions
It was Awesome and Thank You so Much Dr.Chuck
Great presentation and precisely focused area
Great pace. Nice slides, video and exercises.
love the introduction of web data structure..
Great classes!  I'm definitely enjoying this!
very good instructor and knowledgeable course
i loved the teacher his teaching style is gr8
Very good and tough course I have ever taken.
The course helps me a lot! Really impressive!
The professor and the course are fantastic!!!
One the best course, I have taken in a while.
Really good course, I strongly recommend it!!
very inspiring! keep going! excellent course!
easy to understand basic concepts on web data
Perfect material perfect tutor. Chuck is cute
Good course, I recommend to visit and try it.
Extremely accessible with high level insights
Fantastic Course, Challenging but rewarding!!
It is a great course ! I have learned a lot !
Excellent introduction to accessing web data!
Great Course. Challenging but a lot of fun!!!
Great intro to scraping amongst other things.
It really helped me in my final year project.
Great Course with knowledge based assignments
Very good introduction to Python and web data
Awesome Course..Thank you very much Dr. Chuck
These courses are getting better every time !
Great content! Easy to understand and follow.
This course is very useful in your workplace!
All the concept are extremely well explained.
Great course! I could recommend it for all...
Thank you for teaching this wonderful course!
Good course.Thank you Dr. Chuck and Coursera.
This part 3 is more interesting than 1 and 2.
Another great addition to the specialization!
This is a very interesting course. I like it.
Great course, learned a lot. On to the next!
Awesome, and each time it gets a little hard
amazing theacher, and extraordinary learning
This is an excellent course. Please join it!
Loved the way of teaching by Professor Chuck
A great opportunity to start learning python
Dr. Chuck is a fantastic teacher for Python.
Very interesting class. See real application
Dr. Chuck has a wonderful style of teaching.
Thank You, Dr. Chuck, for this assum course.
very excellent course and great instructor..
I learn a lot. Thanks to Dr.Chuck and teams.
little hard but i'll review it~thanks a lot~
very helpful, I hope more courses like that.
nice and very elegant course, learned a lot!
Thank you for this course, very informative.
Learned a lot parsing webdata. Great course.
Combine it with the textbook would be great!
course is very good, assignment is very good
Dr Chucks lecture are great and full of fun.
very friendly, task isn't tough, learn much.
I don't think I can find a better professor.
Great course, thanks. Dr.Chuck is awesome :)
Great course for anyone interested in Python
A wonderful course for python enthusiasts...
I learned many skill that using web services
thank you dr.Chuck! this is an amazing class
Fantasti! It has been a lot of fun learning.
Pretty nice and easy course. Very enjoyable.
a very interesting course ,very good teacher
It was simple to understand yet so inept...
It is the best way to learn Python! Thanks!
Great Course for Beginners and intermediate
Great experience. Gained a lot of knowledge
The course answered many of my curiosities.
The course and the instructor are the best.
very easy to understand! thanks, Dr. Chuck!
Ahh, as usual Dr. chuck is a nice professor
Very useful for real life implementation...
Good Course to learn Web data by Dr. Chunk!
Excellent Course to play web data in Python
Great course, great teacher, great platform
Dr chuck and advisers you guys are the best
Very useful and easy to understand, thanks!
good lecture videos and it is easy to learn
this is awesome course , thank you dr chuck
Yet another excellent course from Dr Chuck.
Thanks it was hard but I have learned a lot
Very instructive course. Super recommended!
preety good ,simple approach,closer to data
very challenging and thoughtful assignments
Excellent course to learn Web Data Parsing.
Great course! Wonderful learning expirence.
Thanks Dr. Chuck. This is helping me a lot.
Thank you so much for this helpful course!!
A great introduction to accessing web data.
Teacher is funny, questions are open-minded
It's great, I like it very much. Thank you!
Fantastic learning and entertaining as well
Amazing course. Learning a lot here. Thanks
Another great course in the specialization.
Wonderful, as all the courses by Dr. Chuck!
Excellent course with excellent instructor!
Dr Chuck makes it look easy. Great teacher.
It's the most perfect way to learn python !
Great teacher, with a great sense of humor.
Great python course! I recommend it to all.
A must if you are learning web programming.
Great learning experience from the course!
json part was really useful and intresting
Very Interesting and well-designed course.
i am enjoyed a lot while doing this course
It was great. Dr. Chuck is a good teacher!
lets go forward, going to the next course!
Coursera is a good onine platform to learn
Excellent way of teaching. Great learning.
Great methodical approach to the material.
That is a very useful course! I recommend.
Im loving this class and learning so much!
Thank you for empowering so many people :D
EXCELENTE CALIDAD, EL MEJOR CURSO SO FAR!!
Great content for basic python programming
Great balance, well paced and deep enough.
Very nice and very important course for me
I LOVE this course,many thanks to Dr.Chuck
couldn't be better! absolutely satisfying!
Dr. Chuck's courses are done so very well!
Good course for the beginning of 'Spider'.
One of the best teachers I've encountered.
excelent course to learn Python. Congratul
Dr. Chuck is the man. Well prepared class!
Good course, again very clear instruction.
Very well organized. Dr. Chuck is awesome!
Very well done.  The interviews are great.
A quick overview of some really fun tools!
Another great course offered by Dr. Chuck!
Sufficiently challenging and informative.
Excellent teaching... thank you Dr. Chuck
This is a very good course for beginners.
Thank you Mr.Charles ,for a great course.
I love this course . Thank you Dr. Chuck.
got trouble somewhat but succeeded indeed
Really awesome course offered by coursera
Straight to the point. Very useful stuff.
Must do this to learn to access web data!
Great course! Now let the scraping begin.
Fantastic course, very clear and concise.
Very difficult course compare to previous
Great introduction for Python to web data
Some of instruction were not clear to me.
I liked it. This course is so applicable.
Great teacher. Everything made so simple.
This is an amazing course!! Love Dr Chuck
best course to start with ...............
Great introduction to XML, JSON, and APIs
It was a great course and a great teacher
very instructive and motivationals course
great content but can be more interactive
Againa very excellent course by dr. Chuck
its a really good ansd structured course!
very inspiring class by Dr Chuck and team
astonishing, great job by the instructor.
thank you Dr. Chuch the course is amazing
Nice intro to Python and web technologies
Beautiful and useful as a starters pack:)
The course is really helpful for beginner
Really worth taking this course, awesome.
Best teacher for a programming language..
Awesome course to be studied by everyone.
Great course. Dr. Chuck is great teacher.
Best teacher I've had so far on Coursera.
Awesome Lectures...Thank you, Professor..
The professor teaches with utmost zeal !!
Great class. Well organized, well taught.
Amazing Python course! One of the best!!!
I really enjoyed it! Thanks Doctor Chuck.
Great course with a wonderful instructor
Very good introduction to web scrapping.
Excellent course, the teacher thats good
Good course for web scraping with python
course is amazing and its worth the time
SO,many new modules you'll get introduce
its very interesting to learn new things
Very Informative and beautifully taught!
Great Course, And a really great teacher
One of the best and most useful courses.
This course is very practical and useful
Enjoyed this course challenging and good
Great course, full of useful information
Fantastic course. Fantastic instructor !
Fun to learn, informative and useful !!!
Good course with challenging assignments
Great Course, I can now scrape web sites
Very interesting courses and exercices !
the course is easy to follow. thumbs up!
easy to handle ,friendly to new learners
Very usefull course.loved the teaching !
enjoyed this class. Push me to my limits
Awesome, Simple to get, and well taught.
Excellent course,  Very useful material.
Taught very well and at an amazing pace!
I love this course! Thank you, Cousera!!
So useful as usual. Thank you Dr. Chuck.
Excellent course and very well presented
really good course !! strongly recommend
Very fun and the knowledge is practical!
Very interesting, you could learn a lot.
Very good course! Professor is engaging.
a real pleasure to learn stuff this way!
Very well rounded and structured course!
Very good start for sentimental analysis
Dr. Chuck is the man! Makes python cool.
Instructor makes easy to learn Python!!!
Very interesting and easy to understand.
It was a great experience all together.
awesome course,recommended for everyone
Loved the course!! Thank You Dr. Chuck!
Very informative newer course in Python
Exception Course Crystal Clear Lectures
nice course! learn a lot from Drchuck~~
Thank you Dr. Chuck! Course is awesome.
I have learnt so much from this course.
It was the great course! Thank You ALL!
Great course, great instructor! Thanks!
Excellent stuff to learn web scrapping.
excellent ... i've learn many things ;)
Very informative and helpful. Thank you
Wish I can finish this serial very soon
The best till now. Love you Prof. Chuck
Well taught course. That you Dr. Chuck!
Chuck you are the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:)
Awesome! I like the instructor so much!
Great course as per always, Dr. Chuck!!
Very informative course, no unnecessary
Dr. Chuck is awesome, love his courses!
Great course and awesome instructor! :D
Easily to knows it,i plan to learn more
Great, as usual :) Thank you Dr. Chuck!
impressive course, learnt a lot, thanks
Excellent Course. Thanks to Charles  :)
Interesting, informative, and engaging.
Thanks for making studying so much fun!
Enlightening! Can't wait for databases!
Really useful, recommended to everybody
Dr. Chuck is simply an amazing teacher!
This is one the best excellent course.
It was really amazing and a lot of fun
Each of his classes is nicely done !!!
Tons of Love to dr.chuck and Coursera!
Amazing and fun. Doctor Chuck Rocks!!!
really fun to learn! Highly recommend!
excellent teaching by course intructor
Indeed very interesting and very good.
Learn a lot of things about web scrap.
Great course and excellent instructor!
Amazing course again! Thanks Dr.Chuck!
Easy to understand and a good Learning
I like this course & earn a new skill.
I love how Dr. Chuck taught this class
Great course, I learnt a lot from this
Looking forward to doing the next one!
proper coverage of all required topics
awesome Lecture with awesome Professor
wonderful course.  I have learned alot
Awesome Professor and course material.
Difficult, but worth sticking with it.
Very nice introduction to XML and JSON
Another excellent course by Dr. Chuck.
Amazing Course and Instructor! ^_____^
Best course till now a lot to learn !!
Great course, an even better teacher!!
Good course. Thanks teacher so much :)
i don't understand how but i did it :)
Very interesting.Enjoyed every minute.
Informative, fantastic way of teaching
Great practical introduction to python
This course is really deep and useful!
it helps me build the basic foundation
Great course! Doing the specialization
Very good course for python enthusiast
Fantastic and Easy Class for Beginner.
Great and easy to follow basic course!
Great course and thank for all of you.
Very nice course! Thank you Dr. Chuck!
Nice course! Simply about complicated.
Thanks a lot for this amazing course !
Amazing instructor and great content.
Thanks for sharing all your knowledge
As always, Dr Chuck was great! Thanks
All is good and great in this course.
Very informative and up to the point.
very good course. I like it very much
Excellent as Always. I love to learn.
Just Awesome Course!! Really enjoyed.
Great course and a great instructor!!
Best course  from THE Best Instructor
Excellent course with good assignment
Very good course for python beginner.
GREAT COURSE, nice introductory class
i truly enjoyed this course the most.
The best material, curse  and teacher
Great stuff! You need to do this one.
its very interesting to get knowledge
Very good course. Clear and detailed.
Exciting! Nice course! great teacher!
great course for a starter in Python!
Very good course about WEB and Python
Great course with real life examples.
Nice course to gain Python knowledge!
Tremendous class! Good job Dr. Chuck!
Very nice course! Thank Prof. Chuck !
I loved the course and learned a lot!
Great course! :)  Thank you Dr.Chuck!
A great way to start learning Python!
Great course with practical examples!
Engaging instructor! Loved his style!
Great Course ! Great teacher! Thanks!
Excellent course. Highly recommended.
Very good course! Thank you Dr Chuck!
very good course. I've learned a lot!
Teacher is fun and the class is good.
A very challenging and great course!
Great course, learned a lot from it.
Chuck was in a rush in this course ?
Thank you so much sir, and Coursera.
Excellent stuff learnt from Dr.Chuck
Dr. Severance is a master of the art
great stuffs learned from the course
very nice and well structured course
it was really awesome & fun learning
Great session and deep into the code
I like Dr.Chuck's lessons very much~
Good course and interesting to learn
Thanks Chuck - another great course!
Very useful and professional course.
Amazingly well taught. Very helpful.
Really learn a lot from this course!
Overall it was an "Okay" experience.
This is very useful and interesting.
Chuck Severance is a gifted teacher.
So far this courses have been great!
Thank you for this amazing platform!
The final lesson is pretty tough LOL
Perfect to improve skills in Python.
Very good for beginners in XML, JSON
thanks a lot. I learned web scraping
Great course! I highly recommend it!
It is the best course thanks for all
Thank you Dr. You taught me Python..
Very good course, it's worth trying!
Concepts are explained very clearly.
Clear explanations, good assignments
Love this course and learning a ton!
Describe in a simple way, I like it!
Very helpful for me. Thx Dr. Chuck!
Great course, detailed explanations
Great course on python and the web!
I am thrilled to take this course !
Good explanation by the instructor.
Good course! Loved the explaination
It was really an interesting course
Great course as always by Dr Chuck!
Awsome course, easy to understand!!
Great course and great instructor!!
NICE,INFORMATIVE AND CHALLENGING...
great course and simple explanation
amazing explanation. amazing course
very well designed course must do!!
the last class is sort of confusing
One of the best course I have taken
learning advance concepts in python
lovely course thank you dr chuck :)
Great prof, great examples. Thanks!
I only audited, but liked it a lot!
little bit difficult but very clear
Excellent and very relevant course!
Good and informative course.Thanks.
great course. Dr Chuck is excellent
Interesting and informative course.
Awesome course, love the professor!
Very practical and hands on course.
Very good explanation and tutorial!
Another great course from Dr Chuck!
Very nice examples and assignments.
Great things can anyone learn here!
Another great course from Dr Chuck!
it is fast but it is a great course
Best Course out there ! Thank You !
Excellent, exceeded my expectations
Simple, elegant and very useful ...
Again another good course! 5 stars!
very interesting and well explained
very easy to follow and very useful
Another excellent Dr. Chuck course!
This course is excellent as usual!
A perfect course for the beginners
This course is really interesting.
Very useful course and fun teacher
it was great learning from you sir
Excellent explanation of concepts.
Perfect course for python learners
Amazing as always, thanks Dr Chuck
Keep up the good work Dr. Chuck!!!
Super learning .. Dr Chuck rocks !
Excellent course! Thanks Coursera.
Great content and great instructor
Now , I know Python, good course !
Excellent Course ! Thanks a lot :)
Love the lecturer! Explains well!!
A good introductory course.Lovely.
Thanks For providing financial aid
A great course to get you started!
Excellent walk through of concepts
another great course from Dr.Chuck
Great course. Great presentations.
It's an awesome course, Thank you!
Perfectly taught by the instructor
Great course! Thank you Dr. Chuck!
It was so good! Thank you so much!
Love the instructor! Great course!
an awesome course very recommended
great course. I like the practice!
Very Informative and useful course
Nice course! Thank you, professor!
Great course, thank you Dr. Chuck.
Excellent course and instructor...
great lecturer and great singer :)
Very good lectures and instruction
Awesome course, fantastic teacher.
it's a good start to learn python.
Amazing! Very comprehensive course
Instructor makes clear explanation
Very easy class with a lot of fun.
Dr. Chuck is Phenomenal! thank you
Awesome Mentor and Course outline.
Good introduction for web scraping
Good introduction to web services.
Awesome classes. Good assignments.
Very useful courses and I enjoy it
Dr. Chuck is a "GREAT" teacher. :)
Great course! I had so much fun :)
Very informative and well covered.
I've learn a lot form this course
i learn menythings from this code
Great course offered by Coursera.
Excellent content and methodology
Excelent material and methodology
Excellent Course by the Professor
best teaching and best assignment
It is really very helpful course.
extremely happy about this course
It is an Amazing course I love it
Good work of Dr. Chuck continues.
Great beginner friendly material!
thought it was excellent training
Great courses, I love it so much!
learnt a lot man. Awesome course.
Really enjoyable and informative!
I like the teacher and his codes.
A straight forward course so far.
detailed explanation of api usage
I like it. It was really helpful.
As always the course is great....
Excelent content! It was amazing!
Good intro python and data course
Great course!Very clear lecturer!
This course is very fun and great
Good Course，I studied it twice...
it is very meaningful and useful.
Great course and fantastic series
Very helpful as well as inspiring
Great course. Keep going this way
Very well explained ! thank you !
This class is truly for EVERYONE!
Excelent teacher, excelent course
I learned alot from this course .
Professor Severance is a delight!
Good explanation of the material.
Great course and great teacher!!!
One of the best courses available
Very useful! Thank you, DR Chuck)
Very good course and helpful one.
dr.Chuck is an awesome teacher!!
I learnt lots of things. Thanks.
Cool course, thank you Dr. Chuck
The course was great. Thank you.
Terrific! Dr. Chuck is a master.
Best teaching and easy to learn.
best course with best instructor
very good course, well explained
best  course for learning python
It was excellent and interesting
Very good explanation of topics.
I enjoyed this course very much.
print('Dr. Chuck is legendary!')
Challenging and very insightful!
very informative & useful course
nice experience being a beginner
Amazing course! Would recommend!
really good cource for beginners
Very good course. I learn a lot.
Well explained, and very useful.
Great experience and informative
Easy, straightforward and useful
great instructor, good lectures.
Great course!  Thanks, Dr Chuck!
most useful and very appreciated
brilliant. absolutely brilliant.
Loved it.  Learned a great deal.
Great beginning of Web crawling!
Awesome course. Thanks Dr.Chuck.
Thank you for interesting cours!
Great course with fun and useful
Great Course from a great man :D
建议搭配Web scraping with Python进行学习
Great Course!  Very informative!
This got a lot more challenging.
Simple and good beginner course.
Interesting and really well done
Great Professor, great course!!!
Learning from Dr Chuck is great.
The assignments could be harder.
Cool, enjoyed this course a lot!
Clear, Easy to follow, Practical
Excellent teaching by Dr. Chuck
The course was quite difficult!
It's quite hard, but I loved it
I want Dr chuck for all courses
Dr. Chuck is amazing as always!
Very interesting course. Thanks
It was fun learning this course
Good exoplaination by Dr.Chuck.
I love this course and Dr.Chuck
What do i say? It was perfecto!
Thank You so Much Mr Dr Chuck !
Wonderful course with Dr. Chuck
Great teacher and good content.
Excellect course and instructor
Well structured and interesting
Good course material and videos
best course for learning python
Very nice and challenging class
Very enlightening, and precise.
I got new skills about the Web.
Perfect for beginner developers
Very much enjoyed the professor
Very nice course for beginners.
another great class a must take
Excellent intro to web services
very good class to learn python
Dr. Chuck is the best tutor!!!!
Nice course covers basic things
Well structured, easy to follow
Very completed course as usual!
Really a great course. Amazing.
Great Course, very informative.
Dr Chuck, you are my Tom Hanks
Another great course finished!
Very good course for beginner.
I enjoyed the magic of python.
course is good to learn python
need to practice English skill
It was very interesting fo me!
It was fun learning from Chuck
very good  i really enjoyed it
A very well structured course.
It was well informative course
Awesome ! Dr. Chuck is great !
it was a wonderfull experience
the course content was awesome
I learned a lot of new things.
wonderful learning experience！
Great course and nice teacher!
Useful, clear and interesting~
Excellent teaching by Dr.Chuck
A very good and useful course.
Great cookbook & introduction.
Good Training.. Easy to learn.
Very clearly delivered course!
The best! Hats off to Dr Chuck
Wonderful. Dr Chuck is awesome
Good course, great instructor!
easy to learn. good instructor
Very useful and easy to follow
Great course! Amazing teacher!
Thank you Professor Severance!
love this course and Dr. Chuck
Great instructor, great topic!
Useful contents, very concise.
Useful, interesting lectures !
Dr. Chuck at his best again :)
Great Course, Learnt a lot !!!
Great course on web scrapping.
Awesome course !! Learned alot
It's great...................
Good instructor, good content
i learn some amazing concepts
This is a reallly good course
Highly recommend this course!
Awesome course and instructor
good and a challenging course
Great Course, Well instructed
That was a great experience..
Great course, great lecturer!
i liked this course very much
Learnt a lot in this course !
great courses to learn python
Learned a ton! Newbie here :)
Very interesting assignments.
amazing and great information
Top lecturer, keeping it fun.
very happy with this course .
im loving this course so far!
Great Experience Being Here..
Absolutely enjoyed the course
Simply great teacher !!!! :-)
Nice Experience with Dr.chuck
Very good learning experience
a very useful course! love it
Very useful for the beginner!
Another awesome python course
very good course with handson
This course is very helpful..
Course and Teacher are great!
Very good course for beginers
a little bit hard but useful!
Very good class, very useful!
Clear and easy to understand.
Dr. Chuck keeps me motivated!
Excellent course and teacher!
Very good short introduction.
Absolutely fantastic lectures
I will take all the 5 courses
Great course and great Chuck!
Dr. Chuck is one of the best.
he provides clear explanation
Great Course! Explained well.
(As always), Dr. Chuck rocks!
Thanks a lot for this course!
Great course in every meaning
Very good teacher/instructor.
Great work. Superb Teaching !
GREAT TO HEAR DR CHUCK AGAIN
Great Course to learn Pyhton
Excellent and Awesome one!!!
give a good idea about API's
I'm amazed about this course
Nicelearnt a lot .Thank you.
Good to see power of Python!
Lots of new knowledge gained
clear many concept in python
Opened up a whole new world!
Perfect Courses, thanks prof
Amazing learning opportunity
Great content and a teacher.
Simply the best , thank you.
Dr Chuck it's the real deal.
Very interesting and useful.
Good, easy to understand. :)
Great Course in Coursera.org
Proper assignment difficulty
Great course, learnt a lot!!
great teacher! great course!
Dr Chuck is brilliant AGAIN!
Excellent learning platform!
Dr. Chuck is simply awesome.
Good course on web crawling.
Python all the way baby!!:0)
Perfect course.Perfect pace.
Good course, want more info!
I'm learning so much! Thanks
Learned a lot. Python is ok.
explanations are very good!!
excellent and easy to follow
Great. Dr Chuck is the best
this is a very nice course.
Thank you so much Dr Chunk.
Wonderful, useful and funny
Best course to learn python
Great class! Learned a lot!
Great course, Learnt a lot.
great course for python web
Very good course for Python
This course is interesting.
was a good learning journey
Easy, efficient and useful.
Well organized and helpful!
Chuck is great. enough said
amazing, very useful course
Thank you so much Dr.chuck!
Dr. Chuck is the BESTTTT!!!
Great course! Learnt a lot!
this is a impressive course
Great learning experiences!
I love Dr. Chuck's lesson~!
The course is well designed
Good intro to web scrapping
Great course. Thanks a lot!
Awesome course ! Thank You.
love this course so much!!!
Best teacher I've found yet
Great Course Thankss A Lott
Its a super great course!!!
This course is pretty good.
very good and clear sessons
Fantanstic and recommended!
Good Stuff. Keep it coming!
Lots of fun. Great teacher.
Really useful in real life
outstanding awesome course
Loved doing this course!!!
It,s was really a helpful.
Such a beautiful course!!!
best course for a beginner
Excellent Hands on Session
Such an amazing instructor
Really enjoyed this course
Hard one but learned a lot
Dr. Chuck is really great!
Awesome. Thanks, Dr.Chuck!
Amazing Course. Thank you!
Amazing Course, Dr. Chuck!
This is a fantastic class!
Very Thanks to Dr. Chucks!
Good class, a lot to learn
A very challenging course!
It was an Excellent Course
I really love coursera!!!!
Very useful for my work !!
These courses are great :)
Nice teacher! Nice course!
easy and good introduction
Tough exercises. Loved it.
So Cool! I really like it!
Learned a lot of new stuff
Very useful and practical.
Awesome! Easy explanation.
Great! i'm very satisfied!
Very useful and fun one :)
Very helpful and detailed.
Nice class with Dr. Chuck!
Nice compilation to series
Thank you for teaching me!
Useful feature for Python!
Very very good experience.
Simple and elegant course!
Great course.  Fun topics.
Chuck is the best teacher.
Well communicated. Thanks
Nothing less than Amazing
Very good courses for me.
This course is Amazing! .
Very Helpful Materials...
it was a very nice course
Superb! I love Dr Chuck!!
little bit harsh but good
good and very hard course
great course enjoyed it!!
Really insightful course!
Good learning experience!
Now we're programming! :)
This course is Excellent!
u made easy sir thank you
amazing course Dr. Chuck!
great course, I loved it.
Awesome!! ..Python course
it was so easy and great.
I love Dr Chuck's Lecture
Learnt about json and xml
The best of coursera!! :)
great studying materials!
A very impressive course.
Very instructive, thanks.
Doctor Chuck is very nice
Amazing! I learned a lot!
Good Learning Experience.
I liked the course a lot.
Like always, pretty good.
Huge thanks to Dr. Chuck.
best of what I have seen.
The class is interesting.
Really good python course
Exceptional short course.
Thanks, is great courses!
Enjoyed the Coding Here!
Great and helpful course
The course was very good
Very nice class, must do
Thanks for Great content
BETTER TO GIVE IN DETAIL
really enjoy the course!
This is a great course!!
Has been a great course!
Retrieving data was fun.
Great place for learning
Exceptionally intresting
Very well guided course!
More examples might help
This course is so great!
I love this course a lot
This course is awesome !
Really nice intro course
great start using Python
Dr. Chuck does it again!
nice and helpful content
a little simple.but good
The courses are awesome!
Great job, Dr. Chuck! :)
Very clear introduction!
interesting and helpful!
Nice, usefull knowledge!
Well constructed course.
got new things to learn
Great course i loved it
TRY AND Recieve sucsess
Great course as always!
The course is Superb!!!
Really great experience
great course thank you.
It was really exciting!
this course was great!!
enjoy the course a lot!
Very great and lightful
Totally worth the time.
Great course of python3
Awesome, awesome class!
thaks for useful things
The journey continues..
provide all that u need
Great Course Mr. Chuck!
very good introduction!
Dr. Chuck is very good!
Great and funny course.
Well structured course.
Exceptional. Take this.
Great! That's enough...
Great training by Chuck
Dr Chuck is awesome!!!!
Difficult yet rewarding
practical and awesome !
Actually a good course.
Very good and fantastic
Learn some useful stuff
very interesting stuff
I`ve learned much here
Good course. Thank you
Learned Lot New Things
Great course. Awesome!
Great Teaching method.
Illustrative.Thank You
Best course i had seen
very good , Thank you!
It's getting hard now.
nice bunch of lectures
Very helpful.Thank you
Useful and interesting
Very nice professor!!!
It was a good course .
Dr. Chuck is a legend!
awsommmmmmmmmm thank u
Great Piece of Work !!
It's a bit challenging
Great Course yet again
Impressive, that's it.
The best python course
Keep up the great work
was very fun!! TNANKS!
Very good information!
This course is superb.
Very motivated teacher
Very advanced but easy
Good and useful course
thanks a lot, Dr Chuck
Thank Dr. Chuck a lot.
Great and a lot of fun
So good its invaluable
Love it! Just love it!
Dr. Chuck's the man!!!
Dr Chuck is The Best!!
enjoying the learning
Well organized course
Very Well Explained!!
Very Easily Described
Concise and Effective
It's too good so far!
Great teaching styles
this course was great
Very enriching course
a little hard for me.
Enjoyed it very much.
Great courseThanks :)
just an awesome class
Complex and powerful!
A course for everyone
Wonderful core course
Many thanks Dr. Chuck
Dr. Chuck is the best
This course if great!
As always, marvelous!
Very nice course!!!!!
learned a lot! thanks
superb course thanks.
It's a great course!!
dr.Chuck is the best)
amazing explanation!
It is awesome course
It was pretty cool!!
wonderful experience
The Course was Great
its very interesting
awesome as usual....
High quality course.
very goodjust awsome
very good course!!!!
Wonderful Professor.
very compact course,
Thank you Professor！
Nicely put together.
Thouroughly enjoyed!
Well done as always!
thank you so much :)
highly educational:)
Dr Chuck is the best
Thank you professor!
Overall great class.
very nice and useful
Thank you Dr.chuck!!
Very useful course !
Keep going this way!
niec teacher! thanks
Instructor is great!
First step to crawl.
Love learning python
Great for everyone !
Absolutely brilliant
i love the teacher!
Very Very Satisfied
great course a head
Love this course ..
As always Awsome!!!
its very intresting
Wonderful Course!!!
Thank you Dr.Chuck.
very happy to learn
Very helpful stuff!
It was really Funny
introductory course
Super great course.
Thank you Dr.Chuck!
most amazing course
I loved it!!!!!!!!!
Good for starters!!
easy to understand.
It was very useful!
simply the best one
Very nice and clear
great courses,good.
thank you professor
Loved This One Too!
Very fun and useful
good stuff. thanks!
Cristal Clear...!!!
It is a great class
Awesome instructor!
It is a good class!
i love this course
thank you Dr.Chuck
Course is too good
Thank you Dr Chuck
Really good course
it was so awesome!
It was outstanding
pretty good course
Thank you dr.chuck
really impressive！
loved this course!
Love this course!!
love the course!!!
Need more examples
useful interesting
Amazing as always!
thank to dr.Chunk!
Very Good Courses!
Very helpful....:)
Good for starters.
Really enjoyed it.
pretty awesome !!!
I really enjoyed i
Fantastic teacher!
an amazing course!
Brilliant Teacher!
love U Dr. Chuck!
This was great!!!
It's really good.
It was Awesome !!
best way to learn
Good to kwon this
Excelent teaching
It is interesting
Fantastic course!
good learnt a lot
Awesome Course !!
Great! Thank you!
It's so much fun!
Charles is awsome
loved the course.
Very Good Lessons
Very clear course
Great Coursework!
Thanks very much!
Amazing Course :)
It's a solid cour
Well thought out.
easy and friendly
Prof is amazing!!
Thanks Dr. Chuck.
I like thi course
Chambers is great
Engaging lecturer
Really enjoyed it
highly recomended
For a beginner to
very recommended
very knowledgble
many many thanks
Great As Always.
Best instructor!
print("Awesome")
its very usefull
It was superb...
I love dr.Chuck!
Loved the course
Overall awesome!
thanks ,Dr.chuck
nice assignments
Brilliant class.
amazing course .
Fun and exciting
it's very useful
Thanks dr chuck!
good instruction
Pure awesomeness
very well taught
Great professor.
Simply Great !!!
very impressive.
I love Dr Chuck
The best Course
It was amazing!
My man Chuck!!!
nyc assignments
effective learn
How hard it is!
Just perfect!!!
Pretty helpful!
Just Awesome!!!
Learn't a Lot!.
Short and easy.
Very good intro
Dr Chuck rocks!
Simply perfect!
Easy To Learn !
Simply Awesome!
Very good stuff
Awesome Teacher
Thx, Dr. Chuck!
Simply loved it
Great lecturer!
Simply Amazing
Nice Thank you
Good learning!
Simply awesome
awesome Course
Its Awesome!!!
Good practice.
Two thumbs up!
A little hard!
thanks  chuck！
Great as usual
Awesome Course
Learned A lot
awesomecourse
Learnt a lot!
Cool Course!!
IlIkeverymuch
great thanks.
Really Superb
just the best
Good To leran
Thank you all
Great course~
great course,
so great....
Very Nice !!
best teacher
Thankyou sir
ULTRA COOOOL
GreatAwesome
great python
GoodLearning
!!!Thanks!!!
Worth taking
Really Great
owsome ourse
Geat Tutor!
Thanks!! :D
one of best
lot of fun!
Love It!!!!
Great class
It's awsome
well course
Its great!
Great one.
best class
Perfection
I love is.
Great !!!!
it is easy
Very Good,
curso top
WORTH IT!
was great
thanks!!
Its Good
Spot on.
Thank's
Go Blue
Love it
Great!
Great
Clear
