This is not well put together. For a course on writing, it certainly lacks structure.
The course is too slow. The material covered is often irrelevant. The illustrations are completely off and the message that the professor is trying to convey does not get through very easily. It is painful to follow.
If you are looking for a straightforward kind of grammar class and writing style, you may get bored.
it was a good one.
It is a good course and the resources given are very interesting and amusing. The only problem I found is that the course itself tells you that it is aimed to a wide audience, so there is no need for a writing background. But several quizzes require a previous knowledge of literature, so you will need to google some quotes to be able to tell the author and works that the quiz is asking for.
I wasn't aware that this is focused on those who are pursuing law. I am content and creative writer. However, learned a lot from the content of this course. I loved the examples and Prof. Barry's way of handling a class. I liked the Youtube videos and recommended readings too.
This course introduced me to some new ideas and made me aware that what I have been using all this time have been some efficient writing techniques. I loved the sessions 'notes on nuance' and 'punctuation and professionalism'.
The instructor really introduced new concepts in quite an interesting manner that successfully hooked me with the lessons. moreover, the course content seems to be phenomenally compiled.
The course is a complete Bootcamp for all writers, It helped me to understand small concepts, Quizzes and Assignments certainly helped me to grasp all the knowledge.
A very informative class indeed. I would want to continue with the remaining courses for this specialization!
It was really an wonderful experience.I learned a lot of things through this course.Thank you such much!
Really good materials. The examples and reading recomendations are awesome.
It was a wonderful course to take and be apart of, I would do it again.
Very insightful for non-native speaker audience!
good course to understand writing techniques
Thank you for an interesting experience !
Wish the course was a little bit harder.
It was thoughtful and useful.
Great course. I learned new concepts and some tips and tricks on how to make writing persuasive for the readers.
It's fantastic course, particularly for Non-native speakers like me for whom English is tertiary language. Faculty is very enthusiastic and putting in lot of efforts to make course interesting and engaging. And even though it is course in writing and mainly coming from law school faculty, it draws so much from psychology or behavior literature that I never felt alien in the class! Thanks for this.
For me, I felt the pace incredibly amazing and could be followed even during tough and busy days. The exercises were amazing. I and my peers have already sensed the difference in my writing.
This course succeeded in conveying key concepts, terms and approaches to enable me to improve my writing.  It was well worth while.
One of the strongest, to-the-point courses I have taken to instantly make improvements to my writing
This course is brilliant! I started this course, among all the other writing courses on writing available at Coursera, because for its Power of the Particular principle (which I learned during the course): the name of the specialization stands out. It is not like "English Writing" or "Advanced Writing", rather it is 'Good With Words'. The professor, Patrick Barry is really an impressive instructor. He designed the course so really well! The course is more of a business communication course than just a writing course. The instructor guided on how to communicate better with writing.
Professor Barry is an excellent instructor, and this is an excellent course. As a professional writer, I aspire to keep learning and sharpening my skills. This course helped me do those things--and more!
This course introduced me to new concepts that I knew but never realised how these can make a difference in my writing like words under the words, rule of three and chiasmus.
As someone who is very passionate about languages, literature, grammar, communication, and cultural knowledge, I had a most wonderful experience while doing this course. I was really excited about everything I was learning throughout the course... so much that I mentioned it to many of my friends. This course has afforded me a lot of new content by referencing so many books, authors, articles, and other resources online. There is no doubt in my mind that all these new ideas, concepts, and strategies have helped me advance my writing skills in a more conscious, rich, and purposeful way. Thank you so much for this course. This is probably the best MOOC I have taken on Coursera so far!
An absolutely wonderful course aggregating and emphasizing useful concepts, drawing on learnings from a number of experts from diverse fields, all to help you become a better writer, a more objective critic of your own work, and most importantly a better thinker. If you love to write, you would learn a lot from the useful pointers and resources. If you love to read, you would have a blast feasting on some exceptional pieces of written work. Professor Barry tries to keep it simple and fun, and still manages to deliver some deep impact insights.
I am an aspiring writer expanding my knowledge base through a student's eyes.  I found the presentation and course content taught by Prof. Barry outstanding. The weekly assignments include the amount of time it may take to complete them which helps when you also have a full-time job. I do not feel that I could have found a better learning environment than the Coursera program. Thank you.
This course was amazing. It took me longer than I expected, but it really is amazing. The material they provide is great. I learned many concepts that will be greatly useful for my writing in upcoming works. I especially loved the summaries at the beginning and end of each week; that recalling of previously seen topics made it easier for me to keep information in my head.
Patrick Barry has put together and very interesting course, not only for law students.  Take from someone who has always hated "English" classes.  This course grabbed me from the very start.  I've always known I needed to improve my writing.  I now feel much more confident with my writing. I plan to continue with all the Good With Word courses.
I really enjoy the class because the class has variety of learning approaches that help to drive home the key concepts. I also like Professor Barry's reading list that helps student to appreciate good writings from various writers.  As encouraged by this class, I will continue my next class in this serial.
This was a very helpful course. It zeroed in on various points that are important for good writing, and I found it very engaging and well presented. The readings were interesting and fun as well. Overall, this was a great course, and I would recommend it to anyone interested in improving their writing.
I never knew there was much to writing until I took the first part of the specialization. From Words under The Words to Power of The Particular, it has been enlightening all the way. permit me to say that this is The Right Course Era!
I appreciate writing on a higher level and recommend this course to all who love to write.  The professor, Patrick Barry, is a most energetic and engaging authority on the subject of Writing at a professional level.
I like the way all the concepts were broken down and explained. Those will always be remembered. I wish we had more exercises to do- writing wise for practice the concepts rather than just multiple choice
Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant! Excellent teaching and excellent material. Everyone can improve their professionalism by taking Professor Barry's writing on course, it's not just for lawyers.
Professor Barry's videos are quite engaging and encouraging. A lot of interesting reference materials are provided and the assignments help you get started on improving your writing skills.
Extremely helpful. Of course, I'm not a law student, but the pointers for better writing and practicing writing have been extremely beneficial. Looking forward to the rest of the courses!
I definitely mentioned Professor Barry in my blog https://tolulopeinspire.com/2020/07/12/no/, thank you for helping me realize that it's a whole new and big world in writing.
Patrick Barry is a really engaging instructor. This is a well-planned course with immediately applicable advice. Would highly recommend to people in all professions.
I am just going to say this - I have update both my LinkedIn AND Tinder profile bio based on this course. This is how life relevant it is. Must-have under your belt!
It is extremely useful. Now I feel I identify better when my writing is good or bad. It is helpful from writing scientific papers to writing quick text messages
I recommend this course to anyone struggling with grammar and writing blocks—excellent delivery by Professor Barry and a well put together curriculum.
This course provides you with practical, memorable truisms that strengthen your ability to effectively communicate to an audience or decision-maker.
it was good. The professor way of explanation and material is good. Waiting for the other parts of the specialisation to give a final review.
Succinct but comprehensive. The teaching methods and course structure made going through the content an  enjoyable and rewarding endeavor.
It's absolutely perfect! This course is probably one of the few MOOCs I've come across that are so beautifully crafted for its audience!
This course was nicely designed and I would like to thank the instructor for making it interesting, participating and motivating.
The course has been awesome; so well designed and conducted with good number of examples, references, and supplementary readings.
Very hands-on lessons and great reading materials to learn not only wording skills but knowledge...even wisdom in life!
It's a nice course especially for someone who is really into literature. I've learned a lot throughout this course.
The professor is so engaging.  He managed to take a dry subject (my opinion) and make it really enjoyable to learn.
Found it extremely helpful. The instructor was really professional. This is an indispensable course for everyone.
I learned a lot in a short amount of time, it was well worth it and will enhance my writing skills in the future.
Professor Barry is amazing! I thoroughly enjoyed this course; it opened my eyes to writing, learning, and life.
Word choice and word order was an excellent course to begin writing and learn the nuances of writing well .
Very helpful for everyone who wants to improve their writing skills. Good for advanced English learners.
This course is fun, dynamic and endlessly insightful into the mundanity of being good with words.
I learned a lot from this course so I decided to take all four under the specialization course.
It was a great course which explained many aspects of English grammar and vocabulary.
It was different from the writing courses I took before. Learned a lot from it.
This was very helpful and hopefully I will be able take part in other courses.
One of the best courses I have taken on this subject. Thank you very much !
It was a great course! Learned a lot of stuff. Thank you to the instructor.
An excellent start to an interesting and entertaining specialization!
A new beginning to professional writing, and effective communication.
Thank you! I did not realize how many mistakes I was already making!
I felt like back in school again because I was actually learning!
One of the most wonderful courses i have doing on this platform.
I learned some new writing tricks. This is great for a beginner.
excllent  expirence i have a graet opucutiniti for this courese
Awesome opportunity, great material, and a super cool teacher!
Leaves you better than you began. Thank you, Professor Barry!
Very beneficial..thanks for helping me learn better..
Hemalatha v BaChristcollege science and management
Awesome had a lot of fun while learning....😍😍😍
Really helpful and worthwhile course.Thank you.
This course shouldn't be missed. It's amazing.
Just Amazing! Extensive and transformative.
Great collection of material and lectures.
Helpful with the fundamentals of Writing
Great course. Loved every minute of it.
Thank you! It was wonderful experience.
Really useful and informative course!
This course was clear and concise.
Amazing and very informative
Nice and Extensive course.
good and nice course
Awesome and Easy
