I found the explanations of theory of RL to replicate what was written in the book. Without examples the videos were no value add. I had to go through the RL course by David Silver in youtube to understand the concepts.
I give the course a low rating for several reasons, the first being the most important one: The instructors basically completely absent. Having issues or problems? They don't bother. Not a single reply from either instructor in the forums for months or years. Second: Flawed and inprecise notebooks. Well known issues with random numbers, but no updates. Incorrect book references which will let you implement formulas other than intended. Third: Tons of short videos with 30% summary and "what you will learn", which is ridiculous for 3 minute videos. Fourth reason: Mathematical depth missing after the first subcourse. Suggestion: Watch the David Silver and Stanford youtube lessons instead. For free and better explained. Compared to, for instance, Andrew NGs specialization, this one is really bad mostly thanks to the complete disinterest of the instructors.
Course instructors should improve their teaching style by writing equations in hand and explaining point-by-point. There is no need to show their faces in the video while teaching. They sounded like 'radio' throughout the course.
the first and only other coursera course I took was mathematics of machine learning from imperial university of london. I found it challenging and educational, with fantastic presentation. it may serve as a good model to improve this course
Very low pedagogy in there.  Just a bunch of slides (not all that good) being narrated by a standing person.  You're better off reading a book.
They put a lot of effort into it the course, however, they choose for some reason not to share the slides with their students. The accompanying book may be the standard, but yet it does not summarize the content as the slides do.The programming examples are to simple and to few.A vast amount of the video contains 'what we are going to cover' and 'what we have have'. This would make sense, if there are longer videos, but not if there is just one or two minutes of content.
Course material is standard and mostly follows Sutton and Barto textbook.  Unfortunately, most contents overlap with the existing reinforcement learning course on Coursera and David Silver's youtube videos.  The course will be much more useful if it covers more practical stuff instead.  I was very disappointed that the free trial period ends before my assignments are graded by peers.  I would suggest that the course should be arranged so that students can finish it during the free period.I am not sure if RLglue is an appropriate package to use in the exercise, as it is not as a standard tool as all practitioners are familiar with.  If the instructors believe it is something useful in the future, they should explain it more in detail in the lecture.
The main reason I enrolled in this course was to have  an opportunity to have my questions answered. I had already gone through videos of RL lectures from different universities before this. Hence,  the value of the course diminished for me when  some of my questions were not always answered by the TAs or the Staff
Not much help available on forums
Too much history and talks about who we are. Not efficient time spent.Poor explanations with count on book. Not suitable for listening or on the go study.Easy things made so complicated. (First you forced to get into math and other roots in the book and then video with some explanations when already not needed.) And could be explained better, not in 3 minutes. This is red, this is green and here we go - Malevich.Got some insights but not happy about time spent.
Solid introduction, but materials could be better prepared, e.g., overview of important concepts / formulas. Furthermore I would have liked to have more programming assignments and also more quizzes to practice the theory.
It was a good course, but I feel like there could have been programming assignments for week 2 and 3 to really help understand the bellman equations. Also, the jupyter notebook was pretty buggy sometimes.
Good examples can simplify things greatly. there where several places where an extra step would add value. Some lessons, such as the problem with the trucks could go a little deeper. Assignment grading system is buggy. I spend hours (that I do not have) because I used "transition" as a variable. After I figured this out, I was no longer able to know if other error is due to some other things the Notebook does not like or if there are actual errors. I also posted some questions but never got any response to any of them.
Not much satisfied with the course structure...To successfully understand and complete this course, you constantly need to refer the reference book.Most of the students are referring to online courses so that they can learn more efficiently than reading,any casual book reader can easily complete this course but for the person who like to learn from videos rather than book reading (like me), it was not so great experience.
The content is there and it is good, but teachers lack good teaching skills and lessons feel rushed (Ng lectures come to mind as positive examples of good practices). Also, lessons aren't self-contained, as you need to read the book if you want to get good grades on the tests. I was looking for a smoother experience than the book, not to be told to read the book, which I can do without a course.
The good thing about this course is that it is based on the bible of reinforcement learning and it is thoughts by the experts in the field. However, the pace of the teaching is extremely fast and it is quite hard to keep with the pace even for someone with some background in the RL.
It needs more explanation about the fundamentals, examples and sections that demonstrate how each, for instance, Policy Iteration and Value Iteration differ. Despite that, the course is really good and I would recommend for a friend.
The size of different variables has not been clearly spelled out so this makes the concept confusing and requires so much time to figure them out.
It was quite difficult for me to follow. The concepts are explained very quickly and can be though. I found exercises very helpful though.
Need a clear explanation of topics with a way to code as explained by Andrew NG in Neural networks and deep learning by deeplearning.ai
I automatically transferred to Auditing mode.
More explanations to theory would be nice.
More details in teaching concepts
The lectures are not indicative of the problem sets. Both are very interesting and cover the materials well, but as a beginner with Dynamic Programming the bugs in the Notebooks are hard to distinguish from a lack of knowledge. The locked cells also make it hard to iterate slowly, to see the sensitivity of the algorithms to certain variables.  Overall it is a great learning experience and the staff/mentors step in for support.
The content was pretty good. However, the final requirement on the final programing assignment was vague and required a very specific implimentation to match test cases. It was frustrating to have to search the forums for the exact sequence used to recreate a very specific dataset.
I wish there was more chances to engage the instructors and TAs, but outstanding video presentations and good math coverage to develop insight for the algorithms.
The course is overall well structured and concise. I am sure that the instructors could do a better job of putting more emphasis on the difficult parts of the course (such as how to actually use the Bellman Equations and how to calculate the State/Action Value functions). More examples of calculation would have made things far easier. All in all, it was a decent introduction to RL and the videos cleared some of the confusion that arised just by reading the RL handbook by Sutton & Barto.
Some of the sections seemed a bit rushed up. While the book provided a good source to clarify, I would prefer a slightly slower pace with emphasis on understanding during the video presentation. However, I have learnt significantly on reinforcement learning during the course. Thanks to the instructors who are highly accomplished, and have taken the time to create this video course.
What ever the content taught was really really good. but still more hands-on algorithms such as Monte Carlo would have been even better. overall worth studying the course
Good overall. Need to work with your assignments and their submission procedure. Lectures should be more interactive than just going through slides.
I enjoyed this introduction course in Reinforcement Learning (RL). It explained in detail the fundamentals of RL such as k-armed bandits, Contextual Bandits and  - of course - Markov Decision Processes (MDP). The lectures explained the conceps with nice examples and as well as the math behind (Bellman equations). The coursebook was the great "RL bible" ("Reinforcement Learning - An Introduction", 2nd edition by Sutton & Bartto); the lectures followed the first 4 chapters of the book quite closely.I liked the programming assignments. It took some time to understand the structure of the tools used (e.g. the little known RLGlue) but after that it was quite straight forward, especially  since the Notebook had great support for testing the solutions before submitting the assignment. It was also interesting to see the guest lectures talk about the world outside the simple example MDPs used as examples, such as RL in the real world (using Contextual Bandits as a foundation), and about solving huge Fleet Management problems with RL.  One thing I missed in this course was more details about MDP and linear programming, which was mentioned in passim by the lecturers, and was an essential tool for solving the Fleet Management Problem (using approximate linear programming). Perhaps some of the next courses will discuss linear programming more...
I thought that the course content was extremely interesting, and the tests and programming were informative.  I did think though that the lectures were a little terse and could have given more information and worked through more examples.  I think the presenters of this course and the people who constructed it could learn a lot from how,  say, Andrew Ing's Coursera courses and Geoffrey Hinton's Coursera courses are put together and presented. Specifically, the actual video time was very short and huge dependence was placed on the text book (which is very good textbook).  I found Jupyter note book buggy and had to reset it a few times, but that might be me: I am not familar with it.  I think as well, in a preliminary section, there could have been more on the Jupyter notebook and programming - even if this was just a document. As a user inexperienced with the Jupyter notebook, I found debugging and running test code in the lecturer's notebook in order to find my errors really hard. I often had to reset the notebook. Some assistance would have been appreciated here.   In other courses that I have done, the prgramming environment has been more flexible which has made debugging easier, but I accept that my concerns here may be due to my inexperience.
The course is overall very good, and it actually introduces you to Reinforcement Learning from scratch. Lectures are very clear, quizzes are challenging and the course relies on a text book, provided when you enroll. The only weak point, but not a serious issue, is that most of the lectures do not add content to what is in the book. Since studying the book is in fact mandatory, they could have used the lectures to better explain some concepts, assuming people read the book. Sometimes they do, but not so often.
The course material (the textbook in particular) is great. I'm not sure how much value the videos add to the readings, but everyone has their preferred style of learning. My one dissatisfaction with this course is that I feel the material is not conducive to multiple choice quizzes. I wish there were fewer of those, and many more programming assignments. The coding parts were where I learned the most.
Reading all weeks' suggested sections from the book before going through the videos would make it easy to understand the concepts. I actually read after watching half the videos, but it makes more sense to read before the videos. The assignments are decent. Policy evaluation, policy iteration and policy improvement are the concepts the course is trying to explain.
I have definitely learned basics of reinforcement learning by taking the course. In my opinion, to really absorb  the material, one needs to read the provided textbook carefully and do the  exercises. I suggest doing the some of the textbook programming problems as well to really learn the material. The videos only provide an overview.
An amazing course with great insights that drive a new learner in this field want to know more. The only slight drawback I felt was in missing details in implementing the algorithm, which of course the assignments took care of. Yet a good elucidation of the algorithms step-by-step will give a better understanding.
Great class and I learned a lot - docking one star because the final programming assignment didn't give a comprehensive enough checker inside the Notebook, so I had to keep submitting and look to discussions for help in solving (for really a minor issue that it looks like many students faced on an edge test case).
A very well constructed course with two excellent lecturers leading it. A lovely introduction to RL although some may prefer a more mathematical treatment (in which case you need to find a longer course). No tutorial support during the course though so you need to be prepared to sort out your own problems.
Slightly too theoretical but clarified couple loose ideas and enabled me to work with python a bit. although a t the beginning of the course they speak that it is not about python, we actually get a chance using it although indeed we are not getting nice python code examples in course materials.
Really good introduction to Reinforcement Learning foundations.  The lectures were great, and helped translate the theory from the RL book.  I would like there to be a few more detailed walk-thru of the update algorithms in week 4, but I was able to work through the programming assignments okay.
I really sorry for giving 4 star, my only reason for giving 4 star is so you can read this review. Please include some exercise on calculating the equations by hand, with solutions(this is the only reason for 4 star). Thank you for the courseCourse deserves 5 stars.(pardon my 4 stars, sorry)
Clear and pleasant recorded presentations. Very good and precise reading materials. Time estimate for reading materials are super optimistic. Guest lectures are at best inspiring. No real value. They are unfocused and all over the place.
I think the course was well put together and the labs were clear.  My only real complaint is that the book and tests spent a lot of time proving and manipulating equations.  I am mostly interested in using the formulas and programming.
Course is fine, but there could be more coding practices then the theoretical part. There are two coding assignments which are hard to do only with the course. The course context could be extended to include more coding practices.
The course is a very good introduction to RL but the concepts are handled a little too abstractly. However this provides an excellent fundamental for the rest of the courses. I would have liked  more programming exercises.
Great material, and awesome coding exercises. Some additional information or context around a few of the problems would have been great, but nonetheless the struggle allowed me to grow in my knowledge!
Don't think it would be unreasonable to have more demanding coding assignments where all functions are made from scratch (though the function names and some comments might be provided as an outline.
Great course, I think theory is really well explained and book is great, but including more practice exercises is needed for this course to strengthen the learning of concepts.
The course is well developed, reading the reference book is the most important thing that you will do while taking this course. The delivery of both instructors seems robotic.
The instructions on how to translate equations to code could have either had examples in the presentations or in the jupyter notebooks. Overall an excellent course.
It will be good to include more detailed examples and more practice exercices in week 2 and 3. Also to repair the week 4 submission.Although, It is a good course.
Good understanding of the fundamentals and aptly paced. The programming assignments were very good if there were more like that the course could get better
I really enjoyed the course, especially the guest segments (I got to know important people from that). Presenters did a good job but can be more relaxed.
Very good theoretical contents, pretty much in line with the textbook - practical coding parts are mostly exercises of conversion of equations into code
However, Missing the lectures of slide, the supported book is very good. The lectures are very simple and one can finish fast. Thanks for teaching team.
The content was very well organized, but applications could have been better understood using more complex numerical algorithms and more assignments.
The fundamentals of Bandits and MDPs are well covered. A major plus is the way we are made to read the text book before attending the lectures.
I was hoping for a bit more practical application too, but this course does a solid job at teaching you the theory thoroughly.
Auto-grading of programming exercises did not work that well, but other than that, it was very instructive and well presented.
there is so many great fundamental stuff here, with deep theoric background, but it lacks some practical approach
I thought the lectures were informative, but the pacing could have been a bit faster to get through more content.
Excellent course, with several practical examples of the theory being explained. I found week 3 a little dense.
Week 3 should be improved a bit. It is a bit confusing to understand. Btw Great course. Keep the good work up.
Quizzes and assignments are a bit challenging. It might be easier if questions are better elucidated.
this is a basic course of the RL and its very great to learn with University Alberta.
Needs more coding implementation according to me. But overall theory was good.
Tutors are fantastic, but should also focus on programming not just on theory.
I think it will be perfect if the board and pen are used to drive equations.
Good content, but most of it is in the textbook, not so much in the videos.
The course was cool but needed some more programming assignments.
Excellent in terms of learning the foundations of RL.
Quite theoretical. But a good base of the concepts.
I wished there were more coding assignments
couldbewithmoreexampleandteachbycoding
Fantastic Course. That's the RL MOOC I have been waiting for so long. No surprise it is from Students of RL guru R. Sutton at Uni of Alberta. Very clearly and simply explained. Exercise and Test difficulty spot on. Wouldn't change a yota from this Course. Can't wait to access the rest of this specialization
Is a very good introduction to Reinforcement Learning. It also gives a very nice foundation of the basics of this area without being shy of showing some math. Could use more examples about modeling real world problems as MDPs but otherwise is a very complete course.
I've just finished this course, it is really wonderful and I learnt a lot, as a professional Backend Developer without a formal background in Machine Learning. It has a lot of mathematical theory and exercises, derivations, really good explanations, and even some coding tasks to apply this knowledge.At first I was doubtful I would make it to the end as I was feeling rusty on my maths since I didn't practice them much after university, but with effort and patience I was able to see how everything is built from the ground up and got a really good picture of how the fundamentals of RL work.The course is based on the famous "Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction" by Sutton and Barto, the 2nd edition of which was only released recently, and which the Data Scientists I work with say is the go-to book for RL. The book is a magnificent resource available digitally for free, but I have enjoyed this course so much that I got the physical version, and after auditing the course for a week decided to jump in to do my best in the whole specialization.
Very clear and engaging presentation, well thought out and typical Coursera-style programming assignments.  Definitely looking forward to taking the rest of the sequence.
The course is very comprehensive and gave a very good introduction to and initial overview of reinforcement learning. It was a bit more theoretic than I expected (after doing the Machine Learning course by Prof Ng) and I did have some problems in completing the last programming assignment due to this. In the end it all turned out well though. The instructors were quite pedagogic and structured (if anything a bit too structured), and the assignments were well chosen. One could tell that this is a new course as there were still a few small quirks, but overall a very worthwhile course!
The course was well taught!  It utilized practical examples that helped bring the concepts and math to light!  The instructors explained the math well without getting caught up in too much of the unnecessary minutiae.  I struggled a bit in the programming exercises due more to my Python skills, but i was able to use the discussion boards to complete the assignments and understand the concepts.
It was a really nice lecture that helped me a lot to understand the fundamentals of reinforcement learning. Even though the lengths of the lectures are pretty short, they include the essence. So if you read enough and understand the textbook prior to the lectures, you would earn more from them. I'm so looking forward to learning real practical RL algorithms and applying them to my research.
This is by far the most comprehensible RL course available online. It does not mean easy but the way instructor take you each concept one at a time makes it easy to grasp the concepts which I think are confusing at times.
I understood all the necessary concepts of RL. I've been working on RL for some time now, but thanks to this course, now I have more basic knowledge about RL and can't wait to watch other courses
Concepts are bit hard, but it is nice if you undersand it well, espically the bellman and dynamic programming.Sometimes, visualizing the problem is hard, so need to thoroghly get prepared.
An excellent introduction to the subject of Reinforcement Learning, accompanied by a very clear text book. The python assignments in Jupyter notebooks are both informative and helpful.
One of the best courses I finished on Coursera, I really like the structure of the course. Textbook is also provided which really helps. Looking forward to next course in the series.
Very good courses. It helps me to understand reinforcement learning a lot.
Very well put together course.  It does a good job of walking you through concepts in a way that's direct and accessible, while not dumbing things down.  I had bought the Intro to RL textbook some months back but ran into problems getting its material to 'stick', but the ideas in chapters 1-4 are much more concrete now.  Assignments were reasonably difficult, but not overwhelmingly so.  Homeworks are designed to make sure you understand key concepts moreso than being vigilantly 'rigorous' for their own sake.  Emphasis of the class is making sure you understand fundamental concepts moreso than hacking your way into a working prototype of something.  While the class is designed to be easily digested, the material assumes a working knowledge of programming and mathematical formalism, so people without some background knowledge you might struggle to keep pace, even if the material is well designed.Also, like others have mentioned.......this class follows the book pretty carefully.  Don't expect anything to be covered that's not in the RL textbook the course is based off of.  By the end of the class the book material will be more vivid and concrete in your mind, but you will not have branched into a direction not covered within it.
This course teaches you by having you read the textbook chapters (free pdf) followed by complementary videos that help you gain intuition.  The quizzes focus on you truly understanding the material and are not easy.  Quizzes plus two programming assignments help you actively learn rather than just passively reading or watching videos.  I do wish the Discussion Forums kept a longer history of Q&A and had more responses from the instructors and mentors.  For example, I had a question that someone else had already asked (so it wasn't an unusual question), but there was no response, and enough time had passed where the post became locked from any responses.  So, I would really rate this course as 4.5 stars.
Phenomenal Course. Very nicely done. Wish there were more active mentor engagement, however, since the student community for this course is not as large as at the time of this writing, so not much material to search through in the discussion forums. It will be good if some of the videos are consistent with the book - e.g. the notion of "control" is not in the text, but is introduced in Week4 for DP. Also, it'd be great to have some more lectures that dig deeper into "alternate" representation of Bellman equations (we are thrown this question in the quiz, but some working professionals, like myself can be quite rusty in English<=>Notation mindset, but that's a "very" small nitpick item.
This course is excellent and it is a great introduction to reinforcement learning. I really liked that an electronic version of the book from Sutton and Barto is available for download as part of the course. However, it is fundamental to read the book in advance before watching the videos every week to have a better understanding of the concepts. Mr. and Mrs. White explain the content very well and it helped me a lot because the book is sometimes quite abstract if you are dealing with this subject for the first time. I definitely recommend this course to have a solid foundation in Reinforcement Learning and I am looking forward to start the next course of the specialization.
I've taken a few Coursera courses on machine learning/AI, and this is by far my favorite one. I love how the course is theoretically rigorous while still providing you with hands-on practice. Note: the short lecture videos don't contain all useful details, reading the (free) recommended textbook is a wise thing to do. Sometimes the quiz questions are drawn from the textbook, with slight modifications, and you'd be glad that you've worked through them prior.No need to fret over reading every page of the textbook either, because recommended page ranges are given and they help.
I found the course really helpful. I have been learning RL for some time and it was hear that almost finally i can say that a lot of the concepts that were vague in my head became clearer. Also it made me look at the book of Sutton and Barto and found that it was a good experience. Maybe more examples and questions in between videos as in deeplearning.ai of Andrew NG could be good for keeping with the attention could be nice. Also maybe doing more programming exercises in between the ones we did in order to implement each step would be great. Thank you very much!!!!
I believe that, as of now, this is the most educational and informative 
resource available online to learn the fundamentals of RL from scratch. 
the instructors use Sutton’s
 book as reference material (which is freely available online), guide 
you to details that no one would know are important when studying RL 
alone and prepare you to venture further into the area, with a solid 
foundation. I definitely recommend this as a starting point for anyone 
who wants to dig deep into RL.
This is the best RL course I have ever attended. Even before starting this course I had brought the textbook (the one which course instructors also recommend) and was through the first 4 chapters. I understood most of the material but when I attended the class, everything was crystal clear. I hope instructors follow up and create the remaining courses as well. Please increase prgramming assignments in number as well. Thumbs up. Thanks for this course, very grateful.
I really like this course. This course introduces the basic mathematical background needed in RL, as well as provided algorithms and hands-on programming practices in translating algorithms into actual code, which is a well-blended material for students to learn! The quizzes are very helpful as well, which helps me understand the concepts better. All the methods discussed here are quite practical and intuitive. Thanks Martha and Adam making this course fun!
The material in this course is of interest or me. It combines both theories and practical aspects of RL. The course follows the standard book in RL (Sutton & Barto Book). One improvement may be needed is to add more "modern" examples and programming assignments/modules to explain the concepts. Also, it would be nice if the instructors can sometimes reflect on their own experiences with RL, rather than exactly following the book.
I have been interested in RL for a while and have watched many videos taught by other researchers, but this one provides something unique that helped me really get a deeper understanding of RL and gain confidence, such as the graded exercises, the quiz, I look forward to continuing this sequence of the RL specilization! Thank you so much for making the complex concepts accessible and make the quizzes and assignments!
The course was very fun and informative. I really enjoyed the presentation style with clear outlines and summaries. The explanations were useful and easy to follow. Suggestions for improvements:1) Provide a kindle version of the book, reading on screen is very tiring for eyes. 2) I think the programming exercises could use some work from SE perspective, as some of the code is not really pythonic.
The course is very well organised and professionally made. Although it follows the first four chapters of the Reinforcement Learning textbook, it provides a little bit different narrative and thus serves as a very nice complement to the textbook. Most importantly, interactive quizzes, programming exercises in Python and plenty of visualisations help to strengthen understanding of the concepts.
This course is the best course I have taken in Coursera! As a learner of RL in a non-English-speaking country, Sutton's book is too hard for me to accept a new idea very quickly. However, after watching the short videos in this course that summarize the core concepts explicitly, I can understand the contents of that book easily. Recommend for anyone who wants to study reinforcement learning！
Exceptional course, the fundamental of RL explanations are excellent! I in particular I found it insightful the focus on thinking about examples in real-life that can be modeled as Markov Decision process. Additionally, great quizzes questions and assignments all helped in deepening my understanding of topics such as Dynamic Programing, Bellman Optimality, and Generalized Policy Iteration.
Excellent Course! The level of difficulty is perfect. It is difficult but not impossible if you do the readings in the textbook and understand the lectures. I strongly suggest reading the book before watching the lectures. This helped my understanding significantly. The material and assignments are very interesting and informative.Highly recommend this course to anyone interested in RL.
This course will  give you the knowledge of most fundamental concepts of RL Like MDPs, Policy evaluation, policy improvement & value iteration algorithms.  Even though you follow theory well, quiz and assignment will challenge your knowledge to think  into bit more deeper level.  frankly speaking, I took some quizzes three times and at the end I learned the concepts very well. :)
So far so good. The course is really valuable. It'll be better if there are more explanations about mathematics used but there is discussion forums so not a big problem. It is ineffective in teaching the practicality, i.e, how real word problem can be related, what kind of problems can be solved by these methods. Overall, it is a great explanation about reinforcement learning.
The content was very interesting, the instructors made things very clear that they were a great help in understanding what was really happening in the textbook.I loved that this course provided a textbook with a lot of examples and case studies. I am willing to learn more about RL in the next set of courses.Thank you so much for proving this wonderful specialization.
Fundamentals of Reinforcement Learning is one of the best Online Courses I did on Coursera. I like that the course is based on a text book (Reinforcement Learning by Sutton), so you can really dig into the theory. Also the exercises are very helpful and ambitious which I like. I haven't found much advanced online courses which are so well explained like this one.
I really liked this course. I think it was challenging and high quality. I don't understand complaints about it following the book - I found the videos, quizzes and exercises insightful and thought provoking. And besides courses are meant to follow some material and not re-invent the wheel. Am really excited for the rest of the specialization.
The course was great. Very clearly explained, with meaningful examples and backup material, such as the recommended book. My only comment will be on the case study given on the final programming assignment. The parking scenario was not very intuitive or clear for me. It took me quite a bit to understand what it was we were trying to optimize.
Excellent course. Covers all the basics at just the right challenge level, assuming you've had some Python programming experience and know a thing or two about probabilities and expectation values. They provide a PDF for a course textbook which is extremely well-written, and the videos are high-quality and complement the readings well.
After studying Classical Machine Learning and Deep Learning, and applying them in real-life cases with some startups and companies, some aspects of day to day problems did not seem to be fit while trying to use the previous methods, thus I dived into Reinforcement Learning looking for answers, and so far it's been very promising!
I started to read Sutton & Barto book this summer, and although I find it fantastic, some concepts were not 100% clear to me. This course has changed it dramatically. Now every concept is clear to me. This book is like reading a book with the support of very good explanations.Let's go for the 2nd course in the specialitation!!!
You really need to understand fundamentals before kick start for any real world reinforcement learning problem. That's why this course is very essential. Plus it also provides programming tasks and multi-choice question sheet to deepen your understanding about theories. Great! Looking forward to move on for next series!
This course was a great first introduction to reinforcement learning! The course instructors make the material very accessible and the course follows the textbook very closely. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone trying to understand reinforcement learning and I personally plan to complete the entire specialization.
This is the BEST course I've taken from Coursera, period. The level of explanation, the usage of mathematically precise terminology, the walking through of the algorithms, the summaries were all top-notch. This course will be my reference when I forget something in the future. I can't thank the creators enough.
It was a very good course, I had read Sutton's book first. But I must say that after completing this course, I learned the concepts of the book well. Although the exercises were a bit tough, they covered the topics well and increased learning at a faster rate.
For anyone interested, I recommend this course.
It was really cool! Although I think there should be a forum where students could ask and answer questions. I got stuck for a silly mistake before delivering the last python notebook and could have used some help.Still, I learnt an incredible amount of concepts that I didn't imagine were so important!
It's difficult to estimate this course because it's based on the book. I mean, 90% of materials i've seen on videos were on the book. That's very unusual, but effective. However, i've learned necessary information and python tasks were useful and interesting. I'll take the next course and will see.
Great course! The idea of suggesting reading before the videos gives a huge boost to the depth of the class. This, with the "not-too-straightforward-quizzes", and the assignments, makes it a real deep class, from which I'll probably learn and retain more than most online courses. Good job!
It is a very well laid out and taught course. The instructors make the material accessible with a bit of a mathematics background, or a willingness to learn. I will be taking every machine learning course I can from AMII and the UofA if the rest of the courses are of the same quality.
One of the best available courses on Reinforcement Learning. The instructors have explained all the underlying topics elegantly. Good blend of theory and numerical in assignments and programming problems. Moreover, the assignments have covered different perspectives on these topics.
Amazing course! The book, on which this course is based, is a bible for reinforcement learning. Anyway, it could be hard to understand. The lectures of the course eliminate all doubts and consolidate all the concepts, ensuring a complete comprehension on the subject.Thank you!
Great starting point for learning Reinforcement Learning. Anyone who is interested in the state-of-the-art RL techniques should take this course first, or they will have hard time getting through the more applied and sophisticated concepts found in the tech blogs or papers.
The thing that makes this course outstand among other Coursera courses is that it is based on a book. That gives you more information if you need it.One problem that I guess will be solved in the future is that there is a bug in the Programming Assignment submission code.
Excellent course. Excellent teachers. I love the introduction sections, in which you're presented what you'll learn in each video, and the summary section. The animated slides are also very professional. Very thorough coverage of the RL book. Congratulations!!!
Some supplementary video recommendations and a little more interactive help with the Python assignments would make it more fun. Had to struggle with the programming assignments a little bit. More hands on assignments will help drive home the concepts better.
Excellent introduction. The reading materials are good, the videos make the ideas even clearer and the exercises help us get a taste of how the theory could be applied. I would recommend this course to anyone wanting to start on Reinforcement Learning.
I enjoyed the course. I would have preferred a bit more in-depth look at the algorithms and technical details, but, on the other hand, it was also interesting to go and figure out these contraction mapping arguments on your own. Overall, very good.
I had learned a clear understanding of terminology and the formulas of value function, action-value function, optimal value function, Bellman's equation, policy evaluation and iteration. It's a must go through course for Reinforcement Learning
The most professionally presented course I have done on Coursera! Instructors explain well, the provided literature is on point and the assignments had a good mix of being doable and challenging. Probably the best course I have taken so far.
Slow means smooth. Smooth means fast. This course introduces you efficiently into the world of RL. And this is what you want. Everything is perfectly to the point. All exercise are here to boost your understanding. Highly recommended.
Course contents are good and easy to understand. Textbook is really a good supplement to lecture videos. Assignment difficulties are between being easy and moderate. It's really fun and encouraging when completing the assignments.
The pattern of this course is amazing. Each video is short and has a specific objective that's clearly stated. This approach to teaching made tough topics look easy. Assignments and quizzes were doable. Amazing experience overall!
Course was beautifully made. I tried to learn RL from multiple different courses but I couldn't understand them. This course was different however, the assignments were made in a way that helped me understand concepts concretely.
Amazing course. Amazing contents. The book is perfect and the lectures help clarify doubts that one may have from reading the book. With there were more programming assignments, but still it is a  very good course.
Very good course! It introduces basic concepts necessary to understand the basic reinforcement learning algorithms. The course is well structured, and the practical activities help a lot to fix the studied content.
Short videos, with list of objectives at the beginning and recap and the end, and clear explanations in between. In my opinion, all teachers should watch these videos to get an example on how good courses are done.
The reading is a little bit challenging, but everything was explained very clearly with helpful examples in lecture videos. Absolutely recommend for someone who want to explore the field of Reinforcement Learning.
Extremely useful course. Especially the format is very effective. First read the book, then listen the extra explanations and write Python code. Concepts are really clear for me now. Thanks for such amazing work.
I was already familiar with a lot of the subjects in the course, but the way Martha and Adam explained everything really cemented all of the knowledge for me. Now instead of just familiarity I have real skills.
Great course for learning fundamentals. My only complaint is that I don't quite feel comfortable implementing what I have learned with coding yet. Maybe as I progress in the specialization this will get better.
The course build up a solid ground for building more complex concepts of Reinforcement Learning, It's essential to master the core fundamentals of RL in order to seek more powerful and sophisticated methods.
Excellent course, with an excellent explaination of Markov Decision Process and Dynamic Programming by the 2 teachers. The quizzes and the final exercice are challenging and make you search in the text book.
This course is very benificial for the people who want to attempt to the area of reinforcement learning. People should regularly follow the book in parallel to video lectures to benefit from this course.
This course is clear in its delivery. The examples were helpful in helping me grasp the concept. I understood the fundamentals of reinforcement learning and I am able to apply some basic element of it.
An excellent introduction to Reinforcement Learning, accompanied by a well-organized & informative handbook. I definitely recommend this course to have a strong foundation in Reinforcement Learning.
All the concepts were well explained and this course was perhaps the best I have found for RL.Great efforts have been put into making the course and It goes well in line with the suggested textbook.
This course is one of the best I've learned so far in coursera. The explanations are clear and concise enough. It took a while for me to understand Bellman equation but when I did, it felt amazing!
The course is well designed. It contains the essential material of RL and relates closely with the RL Bible textbook. And the programming assignment is also benifical to understanding the basics.
The concepts are explained in a simple and illustrative manner which helps in getting a better understanding of the concepts. The assignments and quizzes are also really well designed.
I was so confused about the fundamental concepts, but doing this course has given me a solid foundation of RL.This is a must-do course if you are starting with Reinforcement Learning.
Excellent and well done course on some of the basics of RL.  Good mix of lectures, reading, quizzes and programming assignments.  Also a good balance between pure theory and examples.
Very well designed, it is clear that a lot of thought was put into the course. Also, I really liked the clarity regarding the learning objectives and the emphasis on understanding.
The ideal course to go with the book Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction.  The quizzes and coding workshops are pitched just right in my opinion, neither too easy nor too hard.
A great introduction to RL. Credit goes to the instructors Mr and Mrs white for keep in it as simple as possible. Understanding the math behind RL is the key for the RL adventure.
Pretty good intro to RL! I've taken an AI class in college, but this class really helped me understand RL in more detail, and helped me visualize how RL algorithms actually work.
The instructors made the contents very easy to understand with some good real-world examples. The course is very effective for getting the fundamental knowledge in this domain.
This is a nice course. I think for people with no background in RL the pace might be a little fast. A few more examples could help them understanding the concepts more easily.
The course was nice, easy to understand and intuitive. The professors taught the concepts very well and I really liked that they included guest lectures by other professors.
Best course on basics of Reinforcement Learning so far. Clear explanations, relevant quizz and coding exercises to really understand what we are dealing with in this field.
Very practical and learning-oriented. Providing the textbook in PDF is a big plus. I think there should be more programming exercises. Great course anyway. Worth taking it.
I really enjoyed this course. The examples and the infrastructure provided (jupyter notebooks as assingments) made this course one of the best MOOCs that I have ever taken
I have learned a lot about the fundamental of reinforcement learning! Thanks a lot!Two instructors are delivering an excellent course and the whole team did a great job!
I had some exposure to RL before but this course really tied together many things I learned so far and I'm very much looking forward to the rest of this specialization.
Great course in general.  Very clear step-by-step explanations of the theory needed to understand, plus practical examples to be able to fully understand the concepts.
Great course, To be honest this course has made my concepts very clear, and I highly appreciate the way Martha ma'am and Adam sir taught. I really enjoyed the course.
Impressed by the knowledge of professors in the video and inspite of that they took so much interest in teaching minor concepts to students which are trivial to them.
Amazing course! This course goes through the fundamentals of RL covering both theory and practicals(through programming assignments). The book is also great to read.
A very good course integrated with Sutton and Barto textbook. A good foundation of RL can be learned from this class. It also balances well with theory and practice.
It is a good course to get an idea about what reinforcement learning is and what are its wide application. It covers the basic concepts and is very well organized.
Good course following the classic book but it is kept at an easy pace for diverse people to be able to understand and apply the concepts of reinforcement learning.
best reinforcement learning on the cousera so far! all the concepts are presented in a very clear manner and plenty examples provided to facilitate understanding.
Got me kickstarted with RL pretty well. I tried reading the RL book myself previously, but having complementary lectures and assignments made all the difference.
great course; well explained and exercises reinforce the learnt material. also, great that this course uses Sutton's and Barto's book on reinforcement learning.
The course gives basic ideas for introductory concepts for RL. This course is recommended for RL learners who would like to get some basic intuitions for RL.
Extraordinary material. Good examples and exercises. Works very well if you take the lessons together with reading the book. Congratulations on the course!
This is a very helpful courses to help me walk through the Reinforcement Learning book with different kind of practices. Looking forward to taking course2!
I love their way of teaching, they ask you to read, understand firstly, and then start to give a lecture about what it is, which helps a lot to understand.
Getting through this course, i know about Reinforcement learning more systematically. And a solid foundamental knowledge is a beginning of success
Awesome course! The concepts and basic ideas are made very clear through the videos and assignments. The programming assignments are also useful.
Nice course for people who are beginning Reinforcement Learning ,as the course takes you slow and steady by strengthning your basic concepts
A great introduction to the field of RL. The referenced textbook is amazing and the implementation of the algorithms is fun and instructive!
Great course and awesome instructors. Wish this course should have been announced much earlier. Thanks for offering such a wonderful course.
Very well structured, good examples, and helpful quizzes. I think (even) more programming assignments would make the course even better.
The basics are really introduced in a manner that one can easily build upon after reading the readings provided , enjoyed the course
I found this course very interesting. The basic concepts are explained very nicely. This course is great when a RL-noob like me  : D
The concepts are explained in a very simple manner. Reading book then watching videos helps a lot to understand the essential ideas.
Well structured and thought examples that expand the information on the textbook. The programming assignments are very well built.
Awesome introduction to Reinforcement Learning. The explanations are very precise and the complex concepts were easy to follow
Beautifully explains concepts in an intuitive fashion, although the addition of proofs of convergence would have been great :)
Excellent course companion to the textbook, clarifies many of the vague topics and gives good tests to ensure understanding
This course was great, but I think it is not complete. I have to pass the other courses in this specialization for sure.
Great course, reading the textbook was difficult at times, but the professors really helped me in understanding it all!
Not only this course was conceptually sound, it had inspirational sessions with researches who made big breakthroughs.
This course is one of the great online course in Coursera which help people dig into reinforcement learning correctly.
Thank you very much for putting effort in this one !!! I was looking for such a course for some time already, thanks.
Very well organized, and easy to follow with the RL book! Highly recommend this course in conjunction with the book.
The presenters are amazing. Their voice are clear and charming and make you want to continue your journey into RL.
Very well structured and a great compliment to the Reinforcement Learning (2nd Edition) book by Sutton and Barto.
Pretty complex but really useful! I had to go through each video twice to get a good understanding of the topic
Everything is explained in detail. The theory behind each logistic is clearly explained by both the Professors.
An amazing course! It really has a high level and follows a coursebook just as a good university course would.
To have the best performance in the course, read the related textbook sections at the beginning of each week.
Simple and straight to the point. Great course for understanding the fundamentals of reinforcement learning.
Great class! Learned a lot with two really fun and enthusiastic professors. Looking forward to the next one.
That is awesome! The most interesting area of knowledge & engineering, the top quality education material!
Very well organized and well thought videos, quiz and best of all coding assignment. Very impressive. A+++
Good course in coherence with the book by Sutton and Barto (2018)! Better than reading the book alone.
A great introduction to RL. It provides ton of materials and makes everything clear at the same time.
It is a perfect, engaging and very information course. I thoroughly enjoyed it and learned a lot!!
Its tougher than the other courses I have taken on ML and DL. Provides a solid foundation for RL
Very informative and challenging for beginners who are starting to learn Reinforcement Learning.
It is a great course! The concepts are elaborated very clear.  The materials are well prepared.
Great reading material and videos. The assignments really help to better understand the theory.
I really appreciated the course. Explanations are very clear and the material is well thought.
Really exceptionally clear - I had to battle through some of the math, but it was worth it.
Very good course to learn, understand and apply the Fundamentals of Reinforcement Learning!
Awesome course with a lot of interesting knowledge presented and a lot of its applications
Very detailed explanations in the foundations of RL. Thanks both lecturers and the staffs!
Very good, I suggest reading the text closely and doing exercises to get the most benefit.
Really great course for all the beginners who want to learn about Reinforcement Learning.
It is one of the best courses I have taken. The fundamentals were explained very well.
it was so useful since the lectures were brief and useful and Homeworks were suitable.
Simple Enough for anyone to understand and apply the same to any real world scenario.
A solid foundation for RL and great pedagogical explanations!!! Highly recommended!!
Very good course for those who wants to learn some basis of reinforcement learning.
The assignments let you implement the algorithms discussed in the book and videos.
Very good introduction to the world of reinforcement learning. Highly recommended.
The class is quite well organized. Instruction is clear and textbook is excellent.
Awesome course which drills in the fundamental concepts of reinforcement learning.
Extremely easy to follow, yet full of information.  The book is a fabulous bonus.
Very understandable explaination! I was able to understand the fundamental of RL.
I really liked the course. Very complete and the assignments were comprehensive.
Superb explanation & also give the deep knowledge in  math behind the theories.
Really impressive! These courses are pretty good and were illustrated in detail
It provides a great introduction to RL and fundamental concepts in this area.
This course covers the core concepts in a detailed and comprehensive manner.
Great course, created with passion and respect for the students!Thanks guys.
Great content and instructors. Could use some more programming assignments.
Great fundamental course, although it requires a good grasp on mathematics
Great course. Provide the book that can use during learning in the course.
Clearly explained! Highly organized! Abundant Rewards!Thank you so much!!!
Great course to follow!Really valuable content with a great explanation!
Beautiful insights into the Basics of Reinforcement Learning techniques.
Very good instructors.  Relevant assignments.  Follows the book closely.
This is the best fundamental course available on reinforcement learning.
Very well designed course on the fundamentals of reinforcement learning.
Awesome. Concepts are easy-to-digest and the explanations are masterful!
challenging and fun. I understand better from the programming assignment
great material and explanation. no brainer to take the rest all courses
Excellent course, highly recommended to gain a solid foundation in RL.
Good course, very clear introduction to relatively difficult concepts.
great course.  follows a good RL textbook that covers the fundamentals
It is very useful and interesting for me to learn RL basic knowledge.
A very complete course, which covers the mathematical background well
this course is awesome. especially the quizzes they gave, are great.
Nice programming assignments. They make me understand really better.
Wonderfully explained. Love the read first and then watch approach.
Great learning Experience and really helpful lecturers and staff.
Nice introduction into RL with good practical examples in Python.
I've enjoyed it. It pushes me to do stuff and not to cut corners.
A great introduction to RL for people who have little background
Last week of this course was nice, great programming assignment.
A perfect introductory course into Reinforcement Learning topic
It's good to learn about reinforcement learning in fundamental
Extremely good: a stellar course for beginners in this field!
Really liked the way material was presented and learned a lot
Excellent course to get introduced to Reinforcement Learning
Awesome!  Clear instruction with interesting coding example!
Interesting lectures and good quizzes+programming exercises.
Engaging, challenging, and the math was just doable. Thanks.
I struggled in programming part , but a very efficient tool
Spent tooooooo much time on reading materials than imagine.
Great videos and an e-book to learn the fundamentals of RL
Very good course, hope there will be more course like this
A well-organized introduction for Reinforcement Learning.
This is the best online course I've taken ever. Good job!
A great course that really focusing on fundamentals of RL
very good course . very well explained by Adam and Martha
Amazing course with optimum blend of theory and practice.
Great course! Good explanations, interesting assignments.
Explained in a very simple way, with helpful assignments.
Outstanding explanations and assignments. Very hands-on.
Really interesting course based on Sutton and Burto book
I like the concept are represented in visualization way.
Excellent beginners course of a very interesting topic!
Excellent material paired  with excellent instruction.
Great course, that gives a thorough foundation on RL!
Great introductional course on Reinforcement Learning
Very helpful hands-on experience with the notebooks
Everything is good except the peer review question.
Very well explained, with amazing examples. Thanks!
Excellent intro. Well paced, clear videos. Thanks!
some more practical implementation can be better.
Challenging but helpful, awesome practical tasks!
Builds a good foundation of basic concepts of RL.
Well organized course. Good pedagogy. Well done!
perfect for who want to getting started with RL
Very good course for understanding basics of RL
Good material and very well organized. Thanks!
Great introduction to Reinforcement Learning!!
I enjoy the programming assignments very much.
Excellent! Great content and delivery quality.
great course!! thanks Adam, Martha and team!!
Quality course to learn the fundamentals...!
One of the best courses I've had on Coursera
Fairly comprehensive. Easy/fast to follow.
Fantastic course in the fundamentals of RL
Really good course, and not for beginner.
Really nice and clear course, love it :)
Requires medium/high programming skills
Great course, instructors are too good!
Very Nice and Fundamental course in MDP
an excellent introductory course to RL
Great course to learn RL fundamentals
Very good introduction to this field!
Very useful and well explained course
Very usefull and interesting course!
Very well explained, learned a lot.
A wonderful introduction, very fun!
Detailed but challenging course.
Great course from the home of RL
This is a perfect introduction!
Good course, not for beginners!
it's a good course i loved it
Good explanations with Maths
Really good course content
A really excellent course!
It is the perfect course.
Very good for developers
I learned a lot! Thanks
learned a lot, thanks !
Good introdution to RL
It's worth to learn it
it's really practical
Good introduction :-)
Very Good for me :)!
thx for good lecture
The best RL course!
Great intro!
