Most concepts are similar to other courses addressing experiential goods (e.g. Bocconi's course on food and beverage companies), so it is somehow difficult identifying specific issues faced by cultural institutions.Heritage is vaguely addressed and discussed.The professor hardly speaks english.The course is definitely not technical, which is understandable for enlarging the audience but eventually it does not give any relevant value added or practical skills for those who whish to work in a cultural insitution or similar.
I felt that the course was a bit oversimplified. Moreover, the quizzes were extremely easy and grammar was often wrong! Also, the teacher should just speak Italian and let the subtitles do the rest.
A very basic primer.  The instructor was very difficult to understand as a result of his accent.  Many times the audio did not match the transcript.  More charts, notes, graphics and visuals, rather a near constant focus on the instructor, would have been much more helpful in understanding the material.
The quizzes and evaluation works can be very hard to understand sometimes. The questions and instructions aren’t clear enough.
The content is quite good however the language differences has created significant errors in the quiz. For example "declined" instead of "defined" which changes the implication.
basically  it is a lesson largely about the theory of management, and i personally think with more examples ,these theories could be introduced more concrete and vivid
Very interesting approach and resources that helps to gather marketing and artistic ideas on this cultural sector.
Great content! The presentation slide and additional articles are stimulating, I love the different sets of themes that are being discussed in this course. While being put in the arts and heritage context, I believe the input and skills gained e.g. customer relationship management, marketing, etc. can still be adapted to other areas or sectors as well.
This course had a lot more content than I expected, with lots of specific information conveyed in a concise way. I feel it has given me a framework for looking deeper in to the issues discussed, and the notes I took would be of great help if I interviewed for a job in a cultural institution. The videos were very well produced and being able to see the museums and works of art in the background enhanced the experience. I think a native English speaker should have been employed to look over the subtitles, and especially the quiz questions. There were times where the wrong word with a completely different meaning was used in these contexts, for example I got a quiz question wrong because one answer used the word 'treat' instead of 'trait'. The quizzes were tricky because often all the answers seemed correct, with only subtle differences of meaning between them, that meaning being slightly distorted by the wrong choice of words at times. However, I don't think these things greatly impacted my final scores, and it was interesting to learn about institutions in a different country.
Thank you
very much for this great course! I
especially liked:(1) The dense content each week, (2) The diversity of cultural
     institutions covered during the course, (3) The positive and
     engaging attitude of Professor Andrea Rurale. I would
suggest the following improvements:(1) There should be more case
     studies immediately after the presentation of theoretical models. There
     were many models presented each week, and too few opportunities to
     actually apply them to concrete cases to make sure they are understood and
     to help memorize them. Sometimes there were too many lists of concepts and
     not enough practical tips. (2) Perhaps 1 or 2 peer
     assignments should be compulsory to obtain the certificate? Not taking
     into account any grade - just to encourage participation in the peer
     exercises. (3) I found the music at the
     beginning and end of each video quite unpleasant and too loud compared to
     the sound level of the video afterwards.
It's a very theoretical course and it gives a good overview and introduction to what Cultural Management is, however it's so theoretical that it's tedious. If you're someone who's already taken Art and Heritage management-related courses, I don't think this course will add much more to what you already know. The visual aids are excellent and the interviews are great, perhaps you should consider them to include them along with each module instead of at the end. Other than that, they do encourage a dialogue between the administration and the curatorial parties within cultural institutions, which is excellent because it encourages the learner to be a flexible practitioner within the Arts field.
As a newbie to the world of arts and heritage management (and coming from the vastly different world of oral healthcare), I appreciate the topics covered in this course by Universita Bocconi. The content made me realize that working at a cultural institution definitely involves more than just "looking at art and presenting it". It's good to know that each institution should be a well-oiled management and administration machine that needs arts-inclined business-minded leaders.I greatly appreciate this course. Thank you very much.
A great introduction to the nature, challenges and solutions in the arts and heritage management field. Clear, grounded in practice, and interesting. Could be improved by more difficult quizzes (but with improved English so the task isn't about guessing what the question/answer might mean); some more focussed and practical peer assessed assignments and discussion questions; and some more international content.
An excellent informative course covering all aspects of arts and heritage management from a business oriented perspective, outlining the role of UNESCO in defining tangible and intangible cultural heritage and the management of cultural institutions economic development, sustainability, fundraising, digital transformation, creation of customer experiences, brand identity and loyalty.
This course is a great introduction to Heritage Management. It course a wide range of topics and the example used are extremely relevant. The atmosphere created by the professor is pleasant and seeks to open discussions. I would totally recommend this course whether or not one is planning to work in this industry! Nevertheless, one may find the quizzes slightly too easy
I was really pleased to attend and join this course. Since I yet studied brand management and some related subject, I found it the right, and accessible way to deepen my knowledges specifically, exploring a field like Arts and Cultural Heritage that touches and surrounds everyone of us, everyday. A functional and effective course, suggested!
Really interesting and accessible content, and the optional interviews with museum staff are so useful. The only barrier I faced in this course was the quality of English in quiz questions which made it difficult at times to understand what I was being asked.
very condensed with useful information.  But the content drew mostly on the cases in and around Europe or better to say in Italy.  Wish there are more hands on case studies and examples from other part of the world.
This course gives a very interesting overview of art and heritage management. It is not necessary to have any knowledge on the subject before hand as everything is explained simply and many examples are provided.
It is good for newbies... very basic stuff but gives you an overall of the challenges that cultural institutions face. Focused 90% on museums if you are interested in other arts.
I have learned a lot from the discussions and essays by my coursemates. The videos and readings were very informative.Quizzes were subjective so I will be giving 4 stars.
Very good course, gives a global understanding to the management of cultural heritage .very much recommended  for people working in the museums and heritage institutions.
Overall very helpful and interesting! Some lectures were a little brief, for example the whole CRM part, which seemed worth more attention. But as an overview, very good.
Its really great Experience with the Arts and Heritage Management Course
Very good, more related to the administration than to the art itself.
It gives a wide view on the topics of management and marketing. Easy to follow for people without any Marketing or Economics background, and for the ones who do have it, the course offers a wide range of up-to-date bibliography and specific concepts on the Art Management. What I liked the most: the content itself, a lot of visual examples, very concise explanations, the feedback in the tests, the additional content, etc. One of the best courses I have ever made.
This was an excellent course which introduced me to the importance of properly managing art and heritage, in the same way as any other important resource should be managed. The individual lessons were beautiful, being set against the backdrop of some of the finest of Italy's cultural jewels.
An excellent course, with a fantastic teacher. I truly learned a lot and
 I will take a course from the Bocconi University anytime if the teacher
 are as great as Prof. Andrea Rurale.
Absolutely exceptional course - I have learned so much in preparation for commencing my Graduate Certificate in Arts and Cultural Management via correspondence. This course not only provided great management insights and how institutions implement their product to the consumer, it provided up to date methods of data processing and insight into marketing approach. I will definately watch out for more courses with Bocconi. I could not be more grateful for the material and the opportunity to learn this much at no cost. Thanks for your time and amazing effort in putting together this course and thank you to our amazing host, Andrea Rurale for being the enthusiastic, professional guide through these learning modules.
Very impressive course. The content is perfect for understanding the main topic of experiencial marketing about the management of arts.I think many lessons are usefull no only for cultural institutions, but also for entertainment industries such as movies, theatres and sports, because the main concept of customer satisfaction and experiential marketing can be applied to the entertainment industry as well.I've taken the other courses offered by Bocconi and are always excellent , in terms of content quality and professors.Compliments to all involved into the idea creation and realization of this course.Andrea
Really motivated course, a great surprise, one of the first courses made in Coursera that I feel connected. Andrea Rurale has conducted the course both with professionalism and implication that made it really interesting. The use of real Italian cultural institutions and interviews with their directors made it more easy to understand all the management concepts.My experience on museums was only internal as a conservator and this course helps me to understand the relationship of the museum with visitors and markets.Thank you to all the team for this great work,
It's a fantastic and helpful journey through out the course. As a beginner to management, museumology, and curating, this is a quick way to grasp a thing or two. I especially like the interviews: they are a nice personal touch when it comes to real life. I wish that the interviews are put directly to the point mentioned from W1-5, so I don't have to binge watching them during W6. Also, it'd be nice to attach more articles or journals about real examples when it comes to theory put in reality.
this course has a lot of information. The examples helps to understand how the strategies are implemented and how it fits in different cultural organizations. I get more knowledge about the balance between the managing and the curator activities, because I have more knowledge about the industrial sector but it change a lot when your product is intangible and it satisfies a pleasure desire (not basic necessity)
Fantastic Course!Thank you very much Professor Andrea Rurale and Bocconi Team for this very informative course. The  course is very  good structured. The content of material is very reach. The places of lectures are gorgeous. Special thank for the interview with the managers and directors of culture institutions. Dr. Elena Shadrina, Higher School of Economics, Russia
It was an amazing experience in which I could learn many new skills to face contemporary challenges in my job. Thanks to this course, I feel more self-confidence to face heritage management issues in my townhome (in the north of Spain) and also to still theorizing with my PhD studies. I recommend this learning experience to anyone interested in this field!
This is an excellent course with a great selection of relevant content. It is however a lot of information and doesn't go very deep on many of the concepts covered. I think it could be made into a 2-part course and provide more in-depth analysis to the topics, with different teachers perhaps who have expertise on each one.
Up-to-date content covering all aspects of subject, well organized in an entertaining and organized manner, interactive, well presented by host, excellently executed. It is one of the best on- line courses I have attended. Congratulations on the superb work!
I had learned a lot in six weeks. It´s a dynamic course, great materials (PPT and videos), great interviews and also a good exchange between peers and mentor.I strongly recommended.
A well-designed course which is more likely still engaging learners and positively affect their interests and expectations. Through the course the learner is able to see the process, receive fresh ideas from co-learners,  mentors, colleagues of this field of study, who are interested in the Art and Heritage management, have a practice on work and can offer specific feedback in a positive tone that helps you to improve the quality of your course and create a more active learning experience. The materials were great for every Week, that helps to learn a lot of hard moments you could missed or meet for the first time. Thanks to them you knew what you need to know from the deep theoretical point and the videos are help to understanding all together at all and combine on practice. Thank you!
The course had been interesting and precious: after my graduation in museum marketing, gained in 2006, It had been helpful and useful to update my knowledges spending some weeks with this post graduated course.The themes are really interesting not only for all tourist operators, cultural operators, museum or heritage manager, or passionates about arts, but especially for all the people with different level of responsibility in the management of cities and territory, it can also be very appreciated by  marketing manager in private industry that can applicate these concepts also to their market of origin.
As a fresh graduate who is looking towards a career in the arts and culture sectors, this Course gave me many valuable insights on the day-to-day challenges of a cultural manager, with a special attention on the Italian context. The topics - presented by Prof. Rurale - were varied, thought-provoking yet accessible (but always with an eye on the relevant academic research). Further insights were given in the interviews with several renowned practitioners of the field, in Italy and abroad. A definite recommendation.
Thank you for offering such an in-depth course on Arts and Heritage Management. The teaching style was very approachable even for whom didn't have any specific background in the Economics field. I particularly enjoyed the interviews with the experts. Great resources! Thanks for all your valuable work, Prof. Andrea Rurale, and thanks to all your staff that behind the scenes made this course possible. Bocconi University is always a warranty trademark.Keep up the impressive job! Grazie ancora!
Thank you to Bocconi University and Coursera for providing a comprehensive introduction to the world of Arts and Heritage Management. I enjoyed the materials, assignments, and discussions. Concepts were thoroughly explained and it felt refreshing to be surrounded by works of art (even though it was virtual). I'll surely make use of the slides and supplementary materials in the future. This is an online class you should definitely take if you want to learn more about arts and heritage.
The course offers an experience which is quite unique in nature. You are not present at the sites where the instructor takes you to, but you feel part of it. The course presents a great opportunity to anyone and everyone to create a sense of appreciation and understand how are heritage and culture are still intact and all the process which goes behind to keep them intact in a brief 6 week duration. Loved it and would keeping coming back to watch the interviews again. Thank You
In order to pursue my interest in art history curating and art critism  I felt the need to understand the management side of cultural heritage  from a museums and art galleries point of view so as to enable a win win situation for all parties involved. The art of today will be our cultural heritage of tomorrow. The course certainly exceeded my expectations from the the very first lecture and I believe I have gained the appropriate skills I need.  Thank you for the experience.
It was my pleasure to be able to participate in this course, what a luxury to get educated on the go! The world of arts and heritage management was so much to learn, and fun to get to know.  I could understand the concept and strategy, as well as the business structure. I believe it would be more challenging to actually draw the best strategies for each institute and effectively manage it. It would be great to have the lifetime learning support groups or communities.
Thank you so much for this great course .   Iam a teacher of art with special interest in Heritage and art managment all over the world  . My  partners  family  lives in in Italy , Mantua so  its special  as a Dutch art lover how musea are organized  and have great intensions for visitors to make visiting looking with their hearts . Loved the 6th chapter to see the people behind the consept but even more the interesting video lectures with sympatico Andrea Rurale .
I absolutely loved this course! It gave me such an amazing insight on how the management of a cultural institution works, a topic spoken very less about but should be tackled more often. The instructor Mr. Andrea Rurale explained the course in a very simple and lucid manner which made it very easy for me to understand. On days that I couldn't work on the course I used to actually miss it. 10/10 recommend it
I found the Arts and Heritage Management course really interesting  and useful. Professor Rurale has been able to engage and positively affect the viewers. I feel like not even one among the different video-lessons was boring. Moreover, this course has given me great inspiration for my upcoming thesis and dissertation, which I think is going to be centered on some of the topics introduced in these lessons.
I am very happy with this course. It has made me consider that maybe doing my Masters in Arts Management could be in the Bocconi University .The topics we have seen throughout the course are very relevant and are what I was looking for: a course that unites business and international relations with the art world. I'm looking forward for more courses by Bocconi University on this topic!
I really enjoyed this course.   It was a good review of previous management courses I have taken with application to arts and heritage sites and museums.  I feel it will benefit me as an employee of within the Museum field.  The only struggle I had was occasionally being confused by some wording, as the instructor's first language is not English (although the course is in English.)
This is course by Bocconi University is the best out there on coursera for those inclined towards Arts and Heritage management . Detailed theories with practicality , simple language, insights and personal interviews. The course presenter Andrea Rurale never makes you feel to be bored  !  As an Architect and Management student I was able to connect all the dots .
Amazing course, each week is consisted of well-planned bits that are easy to understand. Efforts were also put into the filming process, really appreciate filming the lessons in heritage sites and museums in Italy, makes it enjoyable to watch the videos. Definitely increased my interest in visiting/studying in Bocconi for further studies in the future.
Thank you very much! Excellent course! I have enlarged my knowledge a lot. You have explained the theory in a very clear and accessible manner and gave a perfect practical advices and examples. I am certain that I will use everything that you taught me here in everyday work in the museum. Best wishes and a cordiall thanks for all who made this course!
its an amazing course work. All study material (videos and readings) is entirely connected with course and requirements of students and very easy to understand. Anyone, who want to learn their subject i easy way, try to do this courses and even the facilitators and specialists also should see this atleast once. a big thanks to entire COURSERA team.
This is my first Coursera Course. I am favorably impressed by the quality of video shooting and the diversity of issues presented on the context of Arts Management. Particularly appreciated the knowledgeable yet friendly way of Andrea Rurale in presenting. I also have to give a positive feedback on the quickness of mentors to answer any questions
It is incredible the quality of the information. It summarises everything with beautiful images and, on top of that, it also brings us to most of the best places in Italy when it comes to Heritage. I learnt a lot and I am very happy to have taken this course. Thank you to all the team and the people that created it.
This course was very interesting. It help me to understand where management meets arts and culture. After the course I was able to think strategically about the role of museums, galleries, theaters and other cultural spaces to promote a city, increase social capital and have a more interesting cultural life.
This was a course; Both engaging and interesting. Teachings at various locations permitted me to feel as if I were there. This allowed me to feel apart of the collective driving the arts towards the future. The course was not too difficult to understand. While also being clear about the subject matter.
Great course! Unique and fascinating content. Fun and effective way to get in touch with plenty of arts management aspects. Active discussions and comprehensive feedbacks from moderators. Special thanks for the content of the 6th week, namely video interviews with the heads of cultural institutions!!!
It was a great overview of how the museums and historical sites are managed. The content is well prepared, lectures aren't overloading you with information, yet giving you a pretty clear view of the topic. Would be nice to hear more about the CRM implementation and measurement of customer engagement.
I would like to thank Mr.Rurale and the Universita Bocconi for this great course, which is very interesting and useful. I was also amazed by the museums and the archaeological sites, where some of the lectures and the interviews with the managers were filmed. Best regards, Artemis Kinia
I really enjoyed this course - it provided different perspectives on several fields, fundamentals of the art industry, and also the video shootings were very interesting, giving insights from the actual heritage sites, and the quizes and discussions encouraged a true thinkinh process.
I really like the structure. Everything is easily explained, yet the course is giving us glimpses of Italian art institutions and cultural sites which are creating aspirations to visit. ;) So well done. The lecturer is really really good. Would want to take a MA at the Bocconni!:)
This is my second course by Bocconi University. Great instructor and rich content which help me learning about a new field. Coursera made this learning experience incredibly amazing and interesting. I strongly recommend Bocconi courses and of course Coursera learning platform.
Very informative, enjoyable and educational! Gives you perspective on wide array topics ! High quality programs and well organized lectures with a marvelous teacher that in a intersting way introduces you too art heritage management....I felt it was worthwile my time and money
The course is very interesting and well structured. The videos proposed, together with the extra material provided, are exhaustive and the explains are very clear. The topics covered are very relevant and I think they can be spent in the world of cultural heritage management.
An excellent course covering most aspects of Arts and Heritage. The one thing I feel could have been dealt with in greater depth is the role of the curator and how he fits in this environment and his working relationship with the manager. All in all, a wonderful journey!!
This course is really well done: the topics are interesting and there are a lot of useful readings, the interviews with the experts also help to make the studied topics real. I recommend it to anyone interested in finding out what arts management is and how it works.
I Really enjoy this courseHard at the beginning, since is my first course since University, in 1988, and that was the real challenge for me, but once i manage to understand the platform i really like it and realize this is the best way to spend COVID lock down!
Very useful information and datas about the customer satisfaction. Challenging self projects on city branding. And the insights of real managers of main Italian cultural institutions is just a brilliant addition to the theoretical part. Definitely recommend!
I found this course very clear and well explained. It helps to understand the importance of a good management in cultural institutions and provides important tools in order to implement the student/learner level of knowledge. I highly recommend this course!
It's a great course, I absolutely recommend it. I feel like I learned a lot and know I will use this knowledge somehow, someday. The instructor is pretty engaging and clear, there really is no previous knowledge required to understand and enjoy the course.
I think that the course was well thought out. However I thought it would be more helpful if we were given scenerio/ situation type of questions which we would have to deal with using our understanding of the course instead of quizzes based on definitions.
The Bocconi's Art and Heritage Management course is a solid learning opportunity. The managers interviews in last unit are priceless. Highly recommended to everyone who has a good artistic background or is simply interested in art management. Well done!
Amazing course. Professor Andrea has been very generous in leaving so many slides of each course week and video interviews , what enrichs the learning process. I strongly recommend this course for people who love art, heritage and museums, as I do.
The courses cover a wide range of important topics of running cultural organisations. The course is well-structured. With its tailor-made, high quality video teaching materials, this is the most enjoyable online course that I have ever taken.
Amazing course, very didactic and perfectly adapted to the needs and challenges of the management of cultural institutions of the 21st century. Great interviews with prestigious professionals. Thanks to the teachers and monitors
Skills I learned from this course: proper choice about quality, on product management, tangible and intangible culture on the social flux of the place to the city, on how to make it and how to create it. Recommends the course
Very consistent course, full of great references (both academic and professional), with a good learning logic and good (nice and simpatic) professor/facilitator. It brings to me a lot of new ideas and information. Thank you!
The course was more thorough and complete than I expected. There are lots of references to recent  research. Materials are short (to minimise boredom), interactive and the quizzes informational. Highly recommended.
Really useful course, very interesting and with a vary vast approach on the subject. Provides great study  materials, interviews, interractive options, and the prof. is amazing!I would highly reccomend it!
I'm really into this amazing course. it provide me with a wide range of information. it helps me to understand the field of museums and heritage management . Thank you for this useful course.
It was an incredibly interesting course that made me realize so many important facets of working in a cultural institution. The course content was very rich and the lecturer was brilliant.
A very interesting, high quality, and thought-provoking course. I'm sure this will help me in my career and already it's influenced the direction my career will take going forward.
I do really liked the course. I have gained a lot of important knowledge in order to improve the level of my expertise. I will recommend this course to my friends and colleagues!
I learned a lot with this course. I think it is well structured and puts information in a clear and easily understandable way. Thank you for providing this course opportunity!
This is a awesome course! Thank to technology. I Could learn where and when ever I want despite my hectic schedule in museum. I can't wait to enroll another class! Cheersssss
Very interesting course, it will be very useful for me in my work (I teach art in a secondary school). Interviews with directors, in module 6, are fantastic testimonials.
It was very intresting lectures. I got knowledge and motiveted by other students' opinions. I would like to work with things I got by this course. Thank you so much.
Excellenand very well managed courses along the journey. A big thanks for all the knowledge provided along these past weeks. With best regards, Virginie Francois
Great class for someone interested in the arts, and wants to know more about art management. There was so much I didn't know, and I'm happy I took the class.
Very enjoyable, easy to understand what makes the arts and heritage sector unique while retaining areas of commonality wiht the for profit sector actions.
I am a student enrolled in heritage studies of MA programme. This course helps me engage my knowledge in heritage field into the market, which is awesome.
I very much enjoyed this course. Content is excellent, explained with clarity, to the point, excellent examples. Lecturer, Andrea Rurale is excellent.
it was a great course. all the lectures were so easy to understand and the material and all those books and essays were fantastic. thank you so much.
I really enjoyed this course. The material and videos were easy to understand and were very interesting. I have learned a lot taking this course.
EXCELLENT COURSE! WHILE IT WAS SOMTIMES DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND THE INSTRUCTOR, I FOUND IT TO BE AN ADDED BENIFIT; FELT LIKE I WAS IN ITALY!
Excellent opportunity !!! Very complete and thought provoking course! I recommend! Thank you Coursera and Bocconi.Excelente oportunidade!!!
What a fantastic course! It does offers a deep insight of the Art & Heritage management with many academic references and current trends.
Very well structured. i would encourage others to take this enjoyable and useful course.  Art and Heritage is allover.  Thank you! Leila
Extensive course with top quality information regarding relevant topics about administration and cultural institutions' management.
Incredibly clear, full of real life examples, up to date, a great start for those interested in Arts and Heritage Management.
Wonderful course. I like that there are videos- interviews with artist, managers, directors etc. not only study- material.
I really enjoyed learning the ins and outs of management and what they focus on in their career, I was really interested!
A well structured and very useful course. I learned a lot even tought I have experience in the cultural heritage field.
The course presents the core basis of Cultural Heritage Management in a very attractive way. Highly recommended.
Great and interesting course that takes you into very useful management techniques for cultural institutions.
It´s a very useful course to understand problem of management in a cultural institution. Thank you so much.
Excellent course work that gives insights about the management and the curatorship in the Art industry
Very concise and interesting course. Thanks for offering Art & Heritage Management perspective.
Really enjoyed it and sparked my interest in a field I'd never thought about pursuing before.
I really enjoyed and satisfied to studying this course. I learned a lot. Thank you so much..
It was
very interesting and informative. I really enjoyed it! Good luck to
all participants!
This course is very interesting and useful for a first approach to the Heritage Management.
Extremely well-structured course, I really enjoyed the way an information was given.
Excellent! Easy to follow! Great introduction to the arts and heritage management!
This course gave me an opportunity to meet new people and to improve my knowledge.
I really enjoyed the course and learning about what it takes to manage a museum.
WOW  It's a Fantastic Course on Arts and Heritage very impressive and Effective
I really enjoyed this course and it has a good tempo. All valuable information!
It was an excellent course. I hope they keep doing more courses like this one.
Excellent course!! Learned a lot, very interesting and high quality material!
EXCELLENT COURSE, LEARNT A LOT. HATS OFF TO THE UNIVERSITY AND THE PROFESSOR
A very good course to get an idea what arts and heritage management is like
Great insight into the complex process of managing a cultural institution!
A fantastic course on the important points of Arts & Heritage Management.
Really great course with easy flow in understanding heritage management.
Excellent excellent excellent! I really enjoyed it and learned so much.
Amazing experience including depiction of wo detail cultural heritage.
amazing course! very engaging and insightful, had a great experience.
A very good course, especially cool are discussions with the mentor!
Excellent. Fun and very informative. Very happy with the experience.
Learned the basics of Arts and Heritage management, very in depth
This was an amazing session. Thank you all the instructors....
It's a very creative lesson, very useful, and very systematic.
A challenging course with tons of theoretical information.
Great and educational program. Thank you for your effort!
An exquisite course with fantastic contents and features
Excellent content and the instructor was great!!!
a good introductory course to heritage management
Indeed a great course :) and respect to history!
Excellent course! You should definitely get on!
Amazing course, highly practical! Thanks a lot!
Very complete and attentive to modern demands.
found this an engaging and interesting course
Great, practical and very useful course!
I was very impressed with this subject.
BRILLIANT COURSE! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Very helpful and complete. Thank you!
Thank you for this excellent course !
Great course! I totally recommend it.
Great course with awesome professor.
Good course, well exposed and with a
Very informative and well detailed
Very interesting!!! Thank you!!!
The course is very informative!
The tutor explains pretty well!
amazing and very useful course!
Thank you very much for this!
Great professor! Thank you!
excellent ! thanks Andrea!
great course, great theme
Very helpful.😀
ITS WONDER-FULL
