Zero should be an option.  How do I drop out?
Interesting course, but I found the assignment pretty mundane and redundant. Wouldn't the very concept of corporate sustainability be reliant on how you treat your workers at how your business functions? I felt the final assignment had nothing to do with what was being taught.
Excellent content, but very hard to pass it because we need to wait for peers to review.
I would strongly suggest to include more native-english speaking professors and increase the level of video recordings. The sound was not always clear. The structure of this course was not really clear and most of the professors were more busy with reading off the text behind the cameras and speaking very monotone too. This made it hard to focus. But all in all interesting content and definitely applicable.
Very basic and plenty pre-conceptual talk till it goes to the point, however, overall was ok.
The overall lecture contents are good but, the syllabus has to be more clearly presented. There are a number of unnecessary contents involved as mandatory.First of all, the way Maurizio Zollo talks is not very clear and more importantly he talks away too slow. I would like to recommend everyone taking this course to speed up his part at least X1.5 faster than normal speed. Secondly, the final essay and peer review parts are totally worthless. I understand the purpose of it but, it does not help on my learning process. Third, the sounds and the introduction at each video clip were very annoying. The learning opportunity for corporate sustainability was greatly appreciated and useful. However, the experience with Bocconi University was no good. I probably would not take any other course from Bocconi University again.
The content was excellent and very in depth. Really excellent scope to receive for free. However, I think the quizzes at the end could be improved - the questions are a little abstract and do not always refer to the course content, which can trip you up. However, this does mean you do more research, so maybe not a bad thing! The essay title also could have been worded slightly better as when I was peer grading, I found quite a lot of variety in the understanding of the question. However, fantastic course where I really feel I have learnt a lot of value - and a lot which is applicable to my daily work life. Thanks!
A well put-together course in which I felt a lot was learnt. Having a range of tutors run the 'lessons' was very useful in avoiding the course feeling repetitive and also beneficial in getting different views and opinions on how best to tackle the issue of corporate sustainability. Bringing in company founders was especially interesting, as well as some of the readings from well-known professors.My only piece of constructive criticism would be that some of the videos weren't as easy to understand and or follow. The voice-text function worked well though and helped to limit this slight problem.
I really liked the course. Specific:- The number of participants, with different points of view.- Real examples, 100% counted by the protagonists.- The approach of the final work.I would suggest, to improve as much as possible:- A greater focus on the Business Case - would greatly help participants build Business Case in their work environments/companies. If companies with good sustainable performance are profitable, won't there be more tools to make a powerful approach?
I really enjoyed the course as an introduction to Corporate Sustainability. The course gives a good overview of the whys towards a transition to sustainability and how to prepare for one. I think a deeper emphasis on the concrete actions to be taken while pursuing a transition towards sustainability would be useful as a add-on to the course.
Very informational course! A lot of useful and trustworthy websites were provided. All of the articles and books were very interesting and engaging. It would be helpful to see some course managers' responses to the final work though. Thank you very much for the course! It was a pleasure!
The course covered a very wide range of topics on CSR from accounting to discrimination, closed-loop economies. It was very interesting but there was a lot more work to provide than is first stated. Some lectures were a lot more interesting than others too
My First course on Coursera. It is well organized and the content is very understandable and interesting.If you have just a little interest in sustainability I suggest you try this course. You'll find it a good starting point in understanding the topic!
The course is very interesting and overall well structured. Some lectures could be improved, but definitely worth the effort for everybody interested in sustainability and sustainable business.
I recommend this course to all those who are interested in the topic of sustainability and corporate management. It will be great to have more practical examples and case studies.
Interesting material, dense but instructive and very well illustrated with practical case studies. Week 5 I found a bit too abstract. All in all - a course worth taking !
Content fo the course is really good and diverse almost all the lectures are equally important. Concepts are clear and precise. Just a few videos that not recorded well.
It is a very interesting course for a first approach to sustainability and how to change a business towards a sustainable enterprise. I recommend it !!
I love the course and learnt a lot! I just wished some of the concepts had been explained in greater detail or through some reeading materials.
Really good course, I would like to follow a course more focused on practical ways to change business operations through sustainability.
great overview to begin with, and then more detailed informations. extremely interesting.
A great introduction to the key topics.  Some very interesting contributors.
Some lecturers were more interesting than others to listen to.
This is the most complete, interesting, straight to the point course on CSR i have ever seen. Not only you have many internationally accredited experts on this, but i was amaze on the clarity of each intervention, discussion, and how "fresh and clean" each topic was presented. It covered all different aspects of this subject, from the most technical to the most holistic ones, keeping an eye open for all relevant variables and elements that could have been mentioned, bringing in one course the whole world of CSR together.  Finally the quality that really stood out and made a difference has been the ability to merge together  top-ranked researches with enlightened human point of view, scanning a profound level of reality trough the light of  deep-heart human wisdom. Thank you
Loved this course! As a person with a non-business background I was skeptical as to whether large organizations even care about sustainability and I was pleasantly surprised. This course teaches you about the challenges to corporate sustainability but also shows many success stories and initiatives that try to make the business world more sustainable. Would recommend to anyone wanting to learn more about what's already being done and what could be done in the future!
A very interesting course! Modules were well organized and there were many external people talking about their practical examples of corporate sustainability. I would highly suggest this course to anyone willing to improve his/her knowledge about sustainability at the business level.
The Corporate Sustainability course was exactly what I was looking for! I wanted to get a complete overview of the sustainable challenges we are facing nowadays from a business’ point of view and understand how to manage the transition process to deliver sustainable changes.This course is a 6 weeks programme with very interesting experts and business cases. I have wrote about it and share 3 things I have learnt from the Course on my personal blog here:https://charlenecollet.com/en/sustainability-en/sustainability-lesson/
Bocconi University is a a very serious University and this course represents very well the very hight level of the Professors and all the experts who are involved in the programe. The multidiscplines approach (from finance view to marketing until meditation) makes this course really complete. It gave me an full overview of the topics that are impacted by Sustainability, Always with a very pragmatic approach as it is requested by companies. I hope that there will be the opportunity to follow Professor Zollo a
I found the Corporate Sustainability Course - Understanding and Seizing the Strategic Opportunity, very good. Università Commerciale Luigi Bocconi and its Professors demonstrated great knowledge. The difference was the capacity for critical vision in each class, I was impressed that in addition to the incredible didactics in relation to the method to teach the contents, the guests also demonstrated great scientific knowledge, which helped a lot to enrich the classes. I really appreciate the opportunity.
Having now completed a couple of Coursera courses I can say this is one of the better ones.  I liked the professor and the mix of other people presenting in different settings.  Also very enjoyable was the 'round-table' discussion listening to five peoples views. All in all a very enjoyable and relevant course to be studying at this time. There is a lot of additional (optional) reading which I did not complete.  I learnt a lot about my company (which I used for subject material) and the competitors
The most complete MOOC on sustainability I've ever seen until now. So many insights of experts and academics from a wide range of disciplines. Even though (if you are a sustainability professional) you would have got in touch at least one time with the majority of topics covered during the course, this is a valuable chance to see them with an organic view and also to discover some new approaches to develop a sustainable mindset and to deploy a sustainability change in your organization.
This course is so useful to get inside a transitional issue like Sustainability. Beyond the general framework of UN Goals, the course give a critical view to trade off among investiment and economical issues and anti-economical skills inside Sustainability as green economy. Then Bocconi University is a great place to find ideas and the course give you an interesting networks of specialists in the field and a deep learning bibliography.
I really enjoyed the course and learned so much. the different intervention of teachers and company representatives were very good, business cases were just excellent to demonstrate the different concepts explained in the course.I would have like a bit more exchange with teachers and peers though. I went few times in the forum but covnersations were mainly one way. Thanks a lot for having created this excellent course.
Corporate sustainability course gives to learners great tools and knowledge about the importance of sustainability vision for corporations and stakeholders, the course explains the reasons for improvement sustainable activities according to each industry and also helps learners to research data, make analisis, create strategies, integrate tools, implement plan and also how to follow improvements.
One of the best courses I took on sustainability. In addition to being very comprehensive and bringing many different views and areas, it deals with social and environmental responsibility at all times during the course. Sensational! I highly recommend it to all people and professionals who want to learn to work in the area. Indispensable for leaders of companies and organizations!
This course is packed with interesting, up-to-date information - spanning from theoretical to practical. I felt it has given me a solid foundation to continue pursuing my interest in corporate sustainability. I highly recommend this course as a foundation course for people interested in entering this field or for those who want to learn more about sustainability and its key topics.
A great course, with good supporting material and excellent videos. This is my second course from Universita Bocconi and without a doubt they are one of the best producers of content on Coursera . I'll recommended this course to anyone that currently runs a business, works on sustainability within an enterprise or is planning on development a social enterprise.
Highly professional way to teach Corporate Sustainability, including pragmatical cases, global NGOs' references and above all very respectful scholars from the Boconni University.Thank you very much for having launched this great course from which I have not only got very relevant knowledge, but also I have spread my valued network.Horacio Tena.
I think this course provides a complete and detailed insight on CSR issues. The quality of classes and materials is remarkable and the involvement of so many academics and professionals who are studying CSR from different points of view provides a 360° enriching overview of the sustainability challenge for enterprises.
Absolutely the best course I had in a long time!!! Really well explained and great content and lecturers. Hope to be able to attend a follow up course or a specialisation? That would be amazing. generally, please make sure that professors speak sufficient English, some where extremely hard to understand.
A well-structured course that offers a 360° view of sustainability, essential for those who have never heard of sustainability or who could not connect sustainability to business, but also to help people like me who deal with these topics. High-level professors and guests. Thank you
An insightful course that equips you with tools necessary to implement sustainability in both individual and corporate levels. The aspect of cooperation to achieve specific goals set forth, with all types of stakeholders in mind, is addressed comprehensively.
It is a course with very deep content. Some themes are complex for those with a humanistic background like me, but the division into small modules makes it usable. It has greatly expanded my knowledge and perspectives on Sustainability.
This course is recommended for people who are interested in a long term carrier goal & want to create a better world in their respected corporates/society. this course will enhance your growth opportunity in your organization.
For someone who lacks a business background, this course was perfect. It introduced me to so many concepts I used to be afraid of, I never felt lost. Great teaching, excellent  course. Definitely 100% recommended.
It was definitely interesting to explore and understand a broad range of stakeholders are involved with sustainable management. Overall, a great course with an adequate amount of support materials and discussions.
Excellent course, thank you for everything and I am sure that it will be very useful in my personal journey to become a sustainable entrepeneur and a future coach in sustainability.I follow you from México   =)
Its a great initiative provided by Coursera.  I found it very useful to explore my understanding about sustainability and its significance in industrial performance by considering TBL.Thanks Coursera team.
Great content and very structured course! It would be beneficial if some international companies may join and share their experience with UN-SG. Otherwise, I strongly recommend to join the course.
This is an extremely detailed and informative course, ideal for someone looking to expand their knowledge of sustainability issues and the strategy required to address them in a corporate context.
Very good theoretical approach on Sustainability issues and how should the firms tackle them. I would definitely recommend this course as an introduction of corporate sustainability.
I enjoyed this course, it was very detailed in explaining what exactly Sustainability means and how it partners with a successful business. Great course and good information!
Very strong course in contents and methodology of learning. Good contributions from companies, with lots of best practices. Absolutely at the top!
I learnt a lot from this course, am quite passionate about sustainability and strategy, I look forward to learning more from coursera.
This course gave me a holistic understanding of Corporate Sustainability. Thanks to the Lead Principal, Lecturers and the entire team.
Great Course!! Really enjoyed learning through case studies, through high-level videos and through interacting with my classmates!!
An important source of inspiration for those who deal with or would like to deal with corporate sustainability. Highly recommended.
Really useful to get deeper into the sustainability labyrinth. A great overall framework which invites to further studies.
Very interesting and well done course! I actually spent more than 3/week as I took a lot of notes but it was worth doing!
Very interesting and complete, great lecturers and professionals. I feel more confident about the subject !
A really well structured and informative course with a large range of academic topics covered.
very interesting course and with full updated exemplas and material.  i strongly recommend it
The course is complete and builds on the main subjects of the topic. I highly recommend it!
Great program to develop the knowledge about Sustainability and its new view and approach.
Very well organized course, which provides both theoretical aspects and practical cases.
Excellent course! Very insightful and the content always tied back to the 'real world'.
A great introduction to one of the most important and interesting topics of our time.
Excellent course. Very well developed, with relevant interviews and case studies.
I enjoyed the course a learned a lot from it. It was also very inspiring for me.
Great course to understand sustainability in a simple and interactive manner.
Excellent course, very insightful and impactful. I strongly recommend.
Very complete and super interesting. Loved it and learned a lot!
Really thorough overview of corporate sustainability practices.
I found the course content extremely engaging and insightful.
Perfect like all the Bocconi courses! Strongly recommend!
Excellent course. Very complete and very well organised.
Good pace and content down to the point
Professional, engaging and helpful.
How can I receive my certificate!
very intersting and very useful
Well put together, very helpful
Great! Thank you very much!
