While content was present in theory, would have appreciated if there was more practice content on the financial modelling aspect of investing in infrastructure. Also, there was very little content related to different PPP models that are there.
The way in which quizes are graded is confusing to say the least...
The content is good but 3 starts because of low quality of quiz
Sometimes the classes and week slides are not totally clear
I enjoyed the course and it is quite light for project finance and I would think that this should act as an intro course for a second more complex course dealing with the actual complexities of project finance. Such as real financial close considerations in developed and emerging markets, early stage sub performance and restructuring as well as refinancing. I would also think that more time should be allocated to project bonds and use of derivative structures on securing cash flows and working ratios to support competitive financing and projects. There were highlights on impacts of Basel on long tenor financing, but more market considerations of new players and structures would have been invaluable.
Professor Gatti established an unhurried and well-paced journey through Project Finance, covering it from several logical angles. He has a great presenting manner and is very confident without being arrogant. I really learnt a lot. The videos are great, although the tutorials with his students/assistants seem a little too contrived, and the English on the transcripts is incorrect in some cases. The downloadable spreadsheets and quizzes are really helpful, and I will keep the former (having corrected the typo of 'UCFC' to 'UFCF'.Thank you Professor Gatti ! (and PS you wear great ties)
A comprehensive course for an introduction to project finance. It could have been even better if more advanced, detailed real life cases are included (e.g. what happens when obligations of contracts violated, what are the cases when precautionary terms worked (or not) to save the project, some examples where the model could only be built with specific interventions etc.). Or an advanced version of this course could be designed. Even more, a certification process could be arranged regarding the limited variety of certificates that Coursera offers.
Course was very well organized and presented.  Concepts were straightforward and presented in logical order.  The network of contracts, syndication of loans and tailor-made amortization were extremely useful.  Week 7 cases were very interesting and provide additional insight into the complexity of infrastructure projects.  Thank you for offering this course.
A very good introductory course on the topic. Explanations are clear and the vocabulary given is useful.Only slight are the questionnaires at the end of each week that are really trying to play on words to trick you, forcing you to answer the same questions multiple times if you try to answer without the slides next to you.
Useful course on Project finance / infrastructure. And, this course is need of hour for any finance professionals who want to enrich their further knowledge on project finance practices.Great faculty members and great topics covered as part of this course.Would recommend for all BFSI professionals to enroll this course.
It's quite a nice course. It gives you a thorough overview of the particularities of infrastructure investing. The quizes are well done, they really force you to pay attention to the content.The audio was not always top notch, which made it difficult to set the playback speed; but overall, pretty solid course.
It was highly interesting and I got a better vision of how project finance actually works. However I was surprised to find some strange bias (no reinvestment opportunity) or some little mistake in the materials. Anyway, thanks for giving me the opportunity to learn more about a passionating topic!
A very good introduction to project finance. A lot of new terms are presented and explained in an interesting way, the questions and tasks within each quiz are well chosen, the pacing of the overall course feels very good and the presentations are available as practical pdfs for review.
Very good introduction to project finance. I would have enjoyed more detailed and complex exercises with a walkthrough on how to complete them.Also, after the submissions of the tests, it would have been greatly useful to have a full explanation of why an answer was wrong.
I pleased to this course because they have cleared explanation and simple logoc about financing and investing in finance. I just ask to update the case and give some advice about career by learnt from this course. Encourage every people to study this!
Great course - I learnt a lot about project Finance. However, sometimes I am confused about the way the Professor explains topics in his use of English. Nevertheless, interesting course and fantastic way to start understanding project finance.
The course provides a structured and detailed orientation to  project financing in infrastructure sector. The accompanied materials, quizzes, exercises help your understand and retain the basic concepts of Infrastructure financing
The course is simply fantastic. I gave 4 stars because it was focusing a lot on theory and the quizzes had more theoretical rather than practical exercises. But overall incredibly helpful and Professor Gatti is really good!
The course was well structured and informative, with great case studies supplementing the information. The answers to a few of the exam questions however contradicted the course material and should be reviewed for accuracy.
Overall the course was very good although some of the concepts were not 100% clear and some of the question tests were also not clear. There is small room for improvement but overall enjoyed the course and learnt alot!
The course is very well designed and includes latest trends in project financing. However, I would suggest to include the impact of latest trends in construction sector like BIM, Lean etc on the project financing.
Good course to get an initial knowledge of SPV´s and Project Finance. Too much theory about concepts and terminology. Maybe a more practical approach would make it more engaging, but still very interesting though.
This was a very interesting course with thoughtful materials and good pacing. There were a few glitches and some of the quizzes were strange. But I would recommend it to others interested in the topic.
a very basic introduction to the project financing. In real world, it is much more complexing than it is presented here. Anyway, this course help me to have a whole picture about project financing.
Concepts of project finance are explained very clearly. Focus on debt syndication and loan amortization methods is specially helpful. The course content can be updated as it is slightly old.
Great explanations, making the concepts easy to understand and to apply. Great course to initiate with basics of Project Finance. Congratulations to Bocconi University for this course.
Great material, I learned so much from the examples. Some of the reading materials are clear although some you may encounter some misspellings which may make you confused.
Clear and useful.More real study cases would have been a plus.As the analyses of failures investments.PFI mechanisms and impacts  are not integrated. That's is missing.
The course offers a broad overview of project finance issues. While the materials' (video, slides) quality is outstanding, I wish the tests would be more challenging.
A very good course about all the knowledge of Project Finance. Also the mentor is great and the style and presentation of the lectures are very good.
Very well structured and smooth delivery to understand all the aspects and intricacies of Project Financing and investment in infrastructure.
Very well structured and precise. Good examples. There are some minor typos and mistakes in the slides and the videos subtitles.
The lectures are very effectively communicated. It would be great to have more (complex) numerical exercises for practice.
This course is very indulging to those who are going to pursue or look their careers in the field of project finance.
Very engaging course. Lecturer notes & weekly slides helped a lot with understanding & grasping the concepts.
Insightful and straight to the point course. This gave me a clear understanding of somehow complex processes.
Very well explained syllabus. It covers both thoreticall and practical matters. Very recommended.
Nice course! the slide should provide the same info of the video to have a quick reference
Very useful course that gives you the basics of what project finance is and how it works.
Well structured course materials,  knowledge fused with skills! Great Presenter!
Good stuff!!! provides a good overview of how infrastructure financing works.
Clear and concise tutorials, that aren't too long in duration for each lesson
Concepts are explained in a simple and clear manner, with engaging videos
It was alright, altough they were some typos on the powerpoint.
great course to learn the foundations of infrastructure finance
Very Good course. I would like to be more analytic.
good first overview on P3s
Very practical and concise
Enhances my knowledge
This course allows you to have a pretty good insight of Project Finance. You get the opportunity to have a strong understanding of the subject.My advise for you :If you're reading this, that means you you have an interest for it. So jump into it.
Very practical content, intuitively explained. While i knew already quite a lot about corporate finance, this course was still very relevant for understanding the difference with project finance. Particularly liked the focus on the legal structures for project finance, however i would have have add more case studies and more complex quantitative tasks. Thanks Professor Gatti and Bocconi's staff for the course!
Great introduction to Project Finance, full with comprehensive examples. Lectures are quite self-explanatory for anyone with elementary (maybe introductory?) finance skills. Obviously, the subject is quite country-specific (I myself work in Brazil with little knowledge except for a few other countries we use to benchmark) and the course focuses on Italy's regulatory framework.I just wished there were more case studies and discussion with other peers from other countries, especially cases of success in developing world (though one of the two case studies relates to a port in Peru). I believe there are a few English typos that make some lines hard to understand at first, but nothing that bothers much after a more careful reading.Great course overall! Definetely five stars! Wish I had the opportunity to discuss these issues in person with Professor Gatti!
Financing and Investing in
Infrastructure by Università Bocconi by is certainly one of the best courses I
have taken in Finance. The passion of Professor Stefano Gatti comes across all through
the course and the simplicity and ease of delivery was beautiful to experience.
I also loved the conversation between the Professor and his scholars. And the effort
in actually going through the examples in his own writing really helped drive
the concepts home. My Organisation is currently in the process of some major infrastructure
investment activities across Africa and I believe I am now better able to lead
my team of strategists through this process successfully. I say a big thank you
to Professor Stefano Gatti and  the
entire team at Università Bocconi, Ho imparato così tanto grazie a te, Grazie!
Great course to explain the fundamentals of Project Finance summarizing key concepts and including some brief examples. Professor Gatti is clearly knowledgeable about the topic and takes great care of being both accurate and synthetic. Course syllabus is also well structured to progressively build an understanding of PF. Improvement points (there must be a few ones!): videos could be made slightly more "natural", more examples/case studies would be appreciated. Above all, this course would deserve to be complemented by a level 2 entering into more details of modelling and complex examples.
It was wonderful learning from Professor Stefano. Course is well structured and covers all the basics of finance in infrastructure. It was an enriching journey from learning very basics like who are the shareholders to how they protect their positions in the capital intense sector like Infrastructure.It is highly recommended to people who are working in the Infrastruture domain to take this course.Thank you very much Professor Stefano (and team) and the Coursera community for making this course available.
The instructor goes into important details about project finance transactions that show he has vast experience in the field. The explanations are clear, the examples (both practical with numbers and the case studies) are very helpful in cementing the knowledge I was trying to learn. Overall, highly recommended for any who works in the infrastructure field, whether someone new to the field or a veteran that wants to refresh the fundamentals of project finance deals
This course is worth your time, effort, and money. You would learn the intricacies of infrastructure finance, including how lenders organize themselves, the different contracts involved in project finance, and even the profitability and cover ratios used to assess the profitability and financial sustainability of an infrastructure project. You would understand the course even if your background is non-finance - they simply the explanations.
Very nice course! As a lawyer, I am usually focused on drafting agreements related to project finance, however without understanding the financial concepts behind the documents. Now, I am not only able to understand the whole financial structure of a project, but I am also able to discuss and create new contractual clauses in order to reach better results to the stakeholders at the table. I definitely recommend this course.
A great course with a very innovative classroom type of delivery. Professor has led the topic through a very simple yet structured approach to deliver and make understand the complexities of project finance at different stages. A very useful course with lots of professional insights into real life project cases . Really satisfied on completion this course. Thanks and Regards to Professor Stafano Gatti and the university
I really enjoyed this course, the material is presented in very didactical manner, the contents are not dull, the professor is very clear as well as entertaining and it provides a great overview of project finance. However it would be nice to have some more real-life exercises to get more in depth with the practice. I am looking forward to a more advanced version of this course.
I really enjoyed taking this course with Prof. Gatti on Finance and Infrastructure Investment. The course was well presented, and it covered the fundamental concepts of project finance in an intuitive and easy to understand way. Highly recommend this course to budding and experienced engineers who wish to expand their knowledge base in the area of project finance.
This is a great course and a lot of insights in the course that are required for an infrastructure development project. A robust financial arrangement is a critical success factor for any successful infrastructure project, and this course will help to learn the knowledge needed to set up a robust financial arrangement needed to deliver a successful project.
Excellent course. I highly recommend it. Prof. Gatti explains project finance quite good, he is constantly trying to put examples of what he is explaining. This course addresses project finance from different points of view such as financial as well as legal. Thanks coursera and Università Bocconi for giving us the opportunity to expand our knowledge.
The instructor was very clear in explaining the subject. I love the discussion videos of Mr Stefano Gatti with his students, it felt like I was in the forum. I would recommend this course to anyone who is relatively new in finance and willingly to learn about Project Finance. Thank you, Mr Gatti and team, your effort is highly appreciated!
This is a very complete course that teaches the student how project finance deals are prepared along with all the elements that are involved in their settlement. The course also teaches how capital budgeting can be done to analyze the cash inflows and outflows of a given project on parellel with its financial sustainability.
Very interesting course. It really provides a comprehensive overview of mechanism and financial tools for financing infrastructures. I really think these knowledge will become more and more important in future, as private investment are playing an always increasing role for development of infrastructures and our economies.
This course provides a solid understanding of basic concepts in project finance. The professor explains the topics in a very clear and concise way, stressing out the most important take-aways and making several real-life examples. Recommended for anyone already working or interested in the infrastructure sector.
A good very good course covering all the essentials of infrastructure financing and investment! I think some background in understanding the nature of infrastructure and finance is required to grasp concepts quickly. The quizzes and tests are a bit tricky, but are good practice and make the course challenging.
This is an exceptional course being offered by Università Bocconi. The instructor Prof Stefano Gatti is amazing. He made the complex subject so easy to understand and course delivery was brilliant. I would recommend this course for any infrastructure professional,especially for people working in PPP space.
this course really gave me enriching knowledge in the field of investing in projects, it gave me insights in many aspects regarding whither to invest in a project or not. any how, this is my favorite course among all coursera courses, i loved the teaching method, the instructor, and the bocconi university
The explanation is straight to the point, making the complex simple and easy to digest, adding insight, provoking curiosity, and increasing the mindset in the Infrastructure Investment Project Finance and Investment. Thank you very much to Mr. Stefano Gatti and the team. An interesting way of education.
This course is a very detailed course regarding project finance. It gives a full overview regarding project finance and how it has evolved. The professor teaches each and every concept in a very detailed manner along with numericals to make the students understand the practical side of Project Finance.
Very detailed course with practical application that would make you an active participant on any project. The testing level of difficulty is based on critical thinking and re-enforces the course content. Excellent course!! Would recommend to project finance professionals, students and enthusiasts!!!
A well-structured, great course providing useful insights into the world of infrastructure financing. It explores the contractual framework, the various risks involved in project finance and their allocation to the right counterparty as well as the creditors' incentives and risk mitigation tools.
excellent course, on point with concepts and application. Quizzes are easy to follow and give good feedback. presentations are complete and worth reviewing. It covers lots of the technicality in project finance and yet it explains it in a easy fashion. Really glad to have taken this course.
Great course, the lessons are structured and the concepts are very well explained. The idea of interaction with students works well as i think it made the course more vibrant. I can also highlight th good balance of theory and cases that allow the course to be complete and practical.
I find this course very useful.  It handles the material in a manner that is understandable to everyone, not just those educated in the finance field. It gives a general picture of investing in infrastructure projects and is, above all, useful and interesting. My recommendations.
Great course with a fairly broad overview of PF and its main concepts. If there are any future points of improvement I would suggest updating the course to the latest accounting standards and maybe some advances PF modelling examples. Otherwise, its a great learning experience!
Excellent course and very highly recommended! Pros: high-level overview of project financing and structuring, interesting lectures and materials, time required to complete was very reasonable/realisticCons: None, although the course could have gone deeper into financial models
Given my first foray into the infrastructure and project finance space, this course provides the right amount of detail and basics to understand the general landscape of this field and relevant insights. I look forward to any future courses you may offer on this topic!.Grazie!
Great course, fun to watch, easy to learn - ticks all the boxes I would want from online course. Happy that work done and time invested is already providing visible results at my career and work. Thank you Bocconi University team, Steffano and Coursera to make this happen!
This is one of the best courses for introduction to project finance. The instructor, Prof. Gatti explains everything in a very simple manner. Even people who do not have any finance related knowledge will find this course very easy to follow and useful. Highly recommended.
Great course for anyone interested in infrastructure financing and investment! It is easy to follow even with a limited background in finance, and very well organized. It also offers additional downloadable materials (readings, ppts, excel files) that are really helpful.
The course has a very interesting sequence from terminology to generation of practical and useful examples, to start an application base of this tool.the teaching and explanations very clear and I am satisfied.I recommend it to colleaguesthanksHernán Giraldo _ Panamá
Very clear explanations, from theory to case studies. No need for financial background to follow the course, yet some more advanced financial concepts are also outlined. Dr. Gatti is a great professor and explains very concisely and on point. Would recommend 100%.
Although the course is concentrated in conceptual aspects of project finance, it was very useful to learn about all concepts accessed through out all classes. I definitely recommend it to all of those interested in the theme before a more "in-deep" approach.
Very useful and comprehensive course for project Finance. I got the first hand on this topic through two week learning, which is highly contributed from clear elaboration offered by Prof Gatti. Many thanks for this pleasant and fruitful learning journey.
Prof. Steffano Gatti nailed the course.  The delivery was outstanding. I strongly recommend this course for anyone that would like to understand completely what infrastructural financing is all about. This is the best of all project finance MOOCs.
Very enlightening for individual in project development, It has given me  deeper insight on the level of input that goes into a project for the outcome to be seen. I have also learnt to contrast project financing from normal corporate finance.
Highly recommended. Excellent course for professionals who would like to enter the Infrastructure Project Finance industry. The instructors provide very good and easy to understand examples. Also the tests involve practice of similar problems.
Course is a good introduction into budgeting, risk assessment, and the financial considerations of coordinating an infrastructure project. It is well done at a good pace, although more depth or greater number of examples would have been nice.
I loved every minute of this coursse!So,  Thank you sirs,  for a highly challenging, interesting and varied course.  I just wish there had been some more exercises included.  Perhaps a compendium with answers. Just for the sake of practicing.
Highly recommdended for those who want to build an end-to-end view of Project Finance. Despite being a beginner from an engineering background, the course structure is engaging and smooth to follow on the concepts invovled in Project Finance.
This course allowed me to deepen my knowledge in the field of infrastructure financing. I greatly appreciated the professor's pedagogy as well as his mastery of the subject, which allowed me to easily understand the various concepts covered.
Strong foundations of project finance concepts which will allow students to either enter the infrastructure financing and investment industry or reinforce existing knowledge and perform better at thier current infrastructure related jobs
Very practical course, the content, assignments and case studies are of top quality and based on real time projects. I recommend highly to those venturing out into technical or financial advisory or to work for lenders, SPV sponsors etc.
Great course, and an amazing professor, who is charismatic and brief and concise! The course could benefit with an update to refresh examples and cases of late 2010s, but it is still quite valuable. Definitely a best buy for its price!
Excellent course. Probably on of the best courses I have ever completed. Experienced professionals explaining the topics and basic tools but very useful to understand Infrastructure financig. Congratulations.!! I´ll recommed the course
Incredibly thorough and conveniently concise course that helped me understand the details of project finance and the most common practices. The knowledge and skills I learned here will definitely help me in my professional career!
A Wonderful course! I was very lucky to get such a course in my career journey to be a starting investment banker having an engineering background. Thanks to Coursera, Bocconi University, the instructor and all the entire team!!!
Excellent approach to Project Finance. Clear and concise. Practical scenarios are very informative and allow to absorb concepts easily. The professor has chosen a very productive and helpful methodology to illustrate the course.
Superb! A easy and smooth introduction to basic project finance. For me, an engineer, was a great way to learn the basics to do my job. Essential before any high level course (unless  you are already introduced in this subject)
Really well done, with a general overview of infrastructure setup, budgeting, syndicate process and real case studies that make the course very interesting with a stimulative discussion and interaction throughout the weeks.
I like the Prof Gatti arranged and delivered the course. The materials are very comprehensive, it's kept simple but not losing its essence. A must have studied course if you are interested in infrastructure investments.
A well structured and thought of course. As an engineer, I found it challenging and greatly satisfying. It uses examples from the industry and practical exercises to increase level of understanding. Highly recommended.
The course is really helpful and I do recommend it to any one that is beginning to engage deeper into the PF&AF sector. Cases and examples are quite helpful to match each of the unit concepts with the market practice.
This course was extremely well structured, engaging and informative. I would recommend it for anyone looking for an introduction to project finance or current early career professionals looking to fill knowledge gaps!
Great class. Broad explanations of the project finance process, step by step and full of real world examples plus practical exercises. I would love to be able to take a specialization from SDA Bocconi on these topics.
please include christopher laurence nyabulegesi for MCF or Advanced ON FA ourses as well invite me for internship whenever there are opportunity to grow and develop the knowledge you gave me during MOOC course
This is a great course fulled of modeling and basic sense of infrastructure management. I learned a lot about the infrastructure financial knowledge and how to evaluate the performance of investment. Thanks!
The course is exactly the same I was looking for last few months. What I liked most is the examples given at the end of the lectures. I believe it will add good value to my knowledge and hence to my career.
The concepts are clearly explained and course materials are very useful in helping me to understand the concepts. The PPT notes are useful in helping me to refresh my knowledge on what i have learned too.
very clear explanation of the concepts from the lecturer. however, my take is that some of the questions required extra caution and thinking in interpreting the questions. I fall in the linguistic traps.
Great course. Right level of detail for an introduction to infrastructure finance. Provides a solid basis for understanding the key ideas around formation of SPVs, their financing and the risks involved
An excellent course for people who want to know how project finance works. The instructor was really good with explaining 'complicated' topics in a way that made it quite easy for me to understand them.
This course is very interesting to understand the financial aspect and development of infrastructure project. The teacher is also very charismatic and the "screenplay" very dynamic. I recommend ! 100% !
Another great course from Bocconi. Very thorough and informative presentations and supporting materials. Highly recommended! I would certainly be interested in any further courses extending this topic.
I enjoyed the course. The material is well explained, good details and examples. Gives a good base of Project finance with focus on the insfrustructur phases and the relevant risks and solutions.
Excellent course that teaches the basics on project finance. Very informative to folks on Government who must deal with concessions in their field of expertise (as in Transportation and Energy).
Great introduction to the field of Infrastructure Investments. Teaches project finance context, specific industry vocabulary, essential legal framework and the basics of financial modelling.
Great course and great professor! I think this really helps me to understanding the fundamental knowledge of project finance. I think the additional study materials are really worth reading!
Very deep and interesting course on project finance. Best sincere recommendations for any specialists involved in such a subject to study the course. Thank you, dear professor Stefano Gatti.
Excellent course !!! Provides useful insights into the Infrastructure/Project Finance.  Professor has dealt the subject in such a lucid and measured way that it was heart filling experience.
Great course, well prepared. It provided a fantastic overview of project finance for infrastructure development that I am certain will benefit my career in years to come. Thank you all.
The course is a must if you are interested in Project Finance, it goes straight to the point and it covers all the basics of the subject,.. simply one of the best courses you can take.
Interesting course. Good topics. Maybe wil be interesting too speak about contracts that is in their second concession because the contract is in retender like the airports in Chile.
A well-structured and comprehensive course. Profesor Gatti is a reference in the subject, and was able to expain a complex subject in simple terms that one can use in practice.
Very interesting introduction into general concepts of project finance, while offering several starting points for future in depth analyses. Very good and interactive format
Magnificent course. Impeccably designed and nicely summarized for all those who are or wish to enter into the field of project finance. A strong recommendation from my side.
Fantastic course! I work for a renewable energy company with a focus on project finance and I found this course both interesting and challenging, would highly recommend.
It was a very interesting course in which I remembered some things I saw before in my civil engineering career and I learned new things. It is a good structured course.
This was the most objective, concise, useful and complete 8h course that I've ever subscribed about the subject. I would recommend it to every colleague in the sector.
This ranks amongst one of the best courses available in Infrastructure Finance and kudos to Prof. Gatti for explaining concepts with numericals and real life examples.
Good Course and Great Teaching from Experience Lecturer: Perfect topic for Investment Banking and Investment Advise Services on financial operation and market aspects.
Very informative course. It is well structured. I would suggest to bring in more financial mathematics to give a more realistic picture of modelling of infrastructure
This course gave me a very good overview of the key concepts to know in project finance. It was a very well constructed course, very clear and informative. Thank you
Very well structured course, all content split up excellently between the weeks. Videos were very useful for learning the topic, and the variety of videos was great.
Very good course. I really liked to see throughout the course the diverse applications on real life projects. All what I learnt will be very useful for my work life!
Excellent course to learn the basis of Project Finance. The instructor explains everything very clearly and on a good pace. and the provided slides are useful too.
I found the course really interesting and full of "real life" examples, really useful for students to understand the concepts and bring them to the working life.
The course gives a comprehensive overview of project finance! However, it should be noted that the materials are quite more simplified than what the reality is.
Excellent course to know the main points of Infrastructure Finance. Yet, it has no project financial modelling, what could be great to have in another class !
This is truly a fantastic course where complex concepts in project finance are made simple to understand. I highly recommend this for beginners in the subject
Great Course! Gives a good picture of what Project Finance is as well as the basic concepts. Congratulations to Bocconi Università for putting this together.
It is an excellent program and is beneficial for someone who wants to learn the basics of project finance and how its financial sustainability is determined.
I really enjoyed the course. Clear explanations and examples. I have a much better understanding of credits and of the infrastructure financing techniques.
Fantastic course that i would definitely recommend to any analyst trying to understand project finance and its technicalities.Thank you Bocconi, Excellent.
An excellent course for both professionals who want to hone skills and beginners interested in embarking on the financial aspects of business development
Great course. The teaching approach is very practical and the example facilitated understanding of the concepts. I wish we had more case studies though.
Excellent course! It really brings a  lot of knowledge in a single and very structure umbrella. Thank you very much to Professor Gatti and his team.
Excellent course. The professor is very clear and concepts are backed up by case studies with real infrastructure projects. I highly recommend it.
Effective pedagogy, very clear explanations. The professor takes time to develop instructive examples. Thank you for having made this course open.
It's a very helpful course to build up the foundation of project finance. It would be better if some of the class materials are better organized.
A great course for someone with basic financial knowledge in the financing and investing of infrastructure. Well thought out and understandable!
Amazing course aimed at discovering all the features of project finance and infrastructure from both the perspectives of investors and creditors
Very enjoyable course on a topic with little easily accessible material online. Highly recommended for anyone looking to learn about financing.
I would recommend this course for a professional trying to improve his or her understanding on project finance. Come prepared to learn more.
Appreciate the way in which complex topics are explained in this course, so that even someone without a finance degree can understand them.
Very interesting course with a very detailed and pedagogic approach. I learned and I also deepened my knowledge on concepts I already knew
This course was very educative! i have gained valuable skills on infrastructure investments that i haven't got anywhere else. Very useful
Interesting and well structured course.  Very helpful for this engineer to understand the financing side of the projects I am working on.
In a nutshell, it is important to know project Finance because is a new financial strategy. This is the right way to approach this topic
Great course with lots of expert advice to learn from. Everyone interested in Infrastructure Finance should undertake this course.
In this course you can learn the main elements of financing project related to infrastructure and earn  a professional view of it.
A great course clearly explained by the professor in charge, who has easily described major factors which govern project finance.
This is a very easy to follow,yet very rich course in project financing.I recommend it to everyone involved in project financing.
Its a very helpful course for those who are interested to learn in detail about the financing and investing in infrastructure.
Excellent course, very relevantI speak from experience as having been managing transmission electricity network BOOT projects.
Very well presented. Very relevant subject matter that is applicable to major infrastructure projects across North America.
A very good overview of infrastructure finance. Helps if you have base knowledge of corporate finance before you take this.
Awesome course for those who want to learn how infrastructure projects are planned and executed from the financial side.
Exceeded my expectations! Congratulations for both the quality of the contents but also the efficient delivery methods.
Excellent in necessary scope, succinct with valuable details, and also delivered very effectively. Highly recommended.
Great overview into Project Finance for beginners. Professor has simple examples that explain the concepts succinctly.
excellent intro to project financing and infrastructure investment. covers both quantitative and qualitative aspects.
One of the few online courses on financing and investing in infrastructure that is simple and straight to the point
I like the way material is being presented, i enjoyed the course, thank you for making this available for everyone
The course gave me very good perspective on project financing, risk analysis, and multi-stake holder management.
Clear and very interesting course, suitable for everyone. Very good skills by the professor to keep the scene.
The course is Simply awesome. It provides me a deep insight of each and every phase of Infratructure Financing
Very intensive, but amazing course. Thanks to the Lecturer. Great preparation and excellent control of topics.
Excellent content. The course is easy to follow and not exhausting at all. It will help me a lot in my career.
I found this course really interesting. Professor Gatti is professional and extremely clear in every section.
An excellent and interesting specific course! I was delighted to complete the entire course in just eight da
Excellent teaching, excellent material! Have come out a more knowledgeable person. Would totally recommend.
Clear and concise introduction to project finance to get an overview of this sector in the banking industry
Exceptional Course. Would love to attend more and gain knowledge and experience from world best institutes.
It is a great course for project finance practitioners. One of the most take courses in project financing.
Great introduction to project finance. Can consider including more case studies and full-fledged modelling
Very interesting course covering the main aspects of project finance. Useful examples and case studies.
Exceptional Course. Would recommend to anyone who has a keen interest in Investing in Infrastructure.
Gives a thorough overview of project finance basic concepts in a complete and understandable fashion.
A differente course that try you understand key issues of project finance. Highly recommended course
The course is interesting and the lecturer is well prepared and able to deliver in a very good way.
I was able to learn a lot, very grateful for the course! Loves the methodology, amazing materials.
Stefano Gatti is amazing and the structure of course in so flowy. His approach to explain is nice.
Thank you very much for this interesting course which provides a deeped understanding on the topic
Thoroughly enjoyed the course! Basic knowledge of balance sheets is a prerequisite for the course
Good global overview of an infrastrcture project: contracts, stakeholders, financing, valuation.
The Course gives a holistic prospective of steps involved in financing a infrastructure project.
very interesting course for anyone interested in learning the fundamentals of project finance
It is a very wonderful course that will help anyone understand the basics of project finance.
Perfect approach, mix of practical and theorical information and, overall, a great professor.
Well structured introduction to Project Finance: Prof. Gatti's lessons are really insightful.
Great course! I would like to thank professor Stefano Gatti and his team for this initiative.
A great and valuable intro to project finance and infrastructure investing! Fully recommend!
Great course that gives a very interesting approach to distinct aspects of project finance !
Very good lectures. Clear explanation but still sufficiently detailed and profound content.
Straight and valuable concepts with interesting case studies, explained in a very clear way
Very complete course. Lectures are very straight forward and the content very interesting.
It was really a nice course and gain deep knowledge about Financing in Infrastructure....
Very useful course for professionals involved in project financing and PPP structuring.
Excellent, the course is very well structured and taught, materials are also very good.
The couse is very well developed, easy to understant and professor Stefano is AMAZING!
Well structured and organised course. High level yet contains all the essence of PF.
Great course to familiarize with the concepts of project finance in infraestructure
Explanations, clear. Structure, easy to follow. Examples/cases very illuminating.
Very good course as an introduction to corporate finance with real application.
Excellent course, well structured and comprehensive while remaining accessible.
Very useful and interesting course. Many new things I learned from this course.
Excellent course. Extremely beneficial to finance practitioners and beginners.
Great for basic essential understanding of Project Finance with real examples.
A crash course on infrastructure finance and investment, highly recommended!
This is a must take for every infra system investment and financing manager
Excellent overview of project finance techniques and their implementation.
This is a good course for learning all aspects of infrastructure finance.
Good introductory content. Video specially made. Worth the $49 investment
Great introduction to project finance with very interesting case studies
Great course providing a very comprehensive overview on project finance
Very helpful. A 360° view of the infrastructure project finance world
Excellent explanation of topics coupled with real life illustrations
It was an interesting course, well presented and not boring at all.
It was an excelent course, thanks to the proffesor and institution.
Excelent and well teached! Bocconi delivered a high quality course.
Insightful and clear explanation that makes it easy to understand.
Very good and interesting course, well presented by the Professor.
The course is made easy through the provision of practical exams.
Terrific training, I got a real understanding of Project Finance.
Great course with insigtful content and knowledgeable lecturer!
great course, whic give you a wide vision of project financing
Very well set up and easy to follow ... great course structure
Very pedagogical, excellent examples, could not ask for more.
This course was fantastic  it will help with my profession.
Great introduction to understand how project finance works.
Simply Brilliant - Challenging and I learnt a lot. Thanks!!
Outstanding course both in content and presentation sides!
Good lessons for Financing and Investing in infrastructure
Great presentation. Perhaps more modeling would be good.
very good, i hope professor can make it a specialization
Very interesting course! Many thanks to Stefano Gatti!
very interesting course and many things to learn about
Very throgh course on fundamentals of project finance.
Thank you very much for this class, really practical !
Course was excellent in terms of learning new inputs.
Awesome with great explanation and up-to-date cases.
Very informative. More numerical should be included.
Clear concepts about investing, in a practical way.
If you put the time in you will learn a great deal.
Great course, great professor. Good for beginners !
Excellent, well-structure course. I learned a lot!
Very interesting and insightful. Very recommended.
Great course. Very interesting and great teacher.
Excellent job by Stefano, very clear and detailed
Very interesting class. I've leaned a great deal!
great content and format.  I wish there was more!
Great course and explanations from the Professor!
Great course to set the bases of project finance
well learned. Thank you Professor Stefano Gatti
The best course I have seen on Coursera so far!
Good self learning. Some quizes are not easy !
Great course. Good presentation and materials.
A high quality course! I'm glad to participate
Excellent Introductory Course in Infra Finance
A very clear and efficient way to communicate
Interesting
Cases, lectures and useful tests
Very helpful to understand project finance!!
Simply, one of the MOOCs I have ever taken.
Very useful, exhaustive and well explained.
Thorough and enjoyable. Highly recommended!
Interesting, the lessons are really clear.
So excellent for study of financing(ie PF)
A very intersting course. I recommend it.
the course is very helpful and practical.
Project finance basics, thanks Professor
One of the best course through Coursera
fantastic overview of project finance.
very useful course. highly recommended
Great introduction to Project Finance
the recording way is simply excellent
Great concise course. Great lecturer.
Great course. I totally recommend it.
Very instructive and well presented.
best course I have done in cousera!
EXCELLENT, WHAT AN AMAZING TEACHER
five star . a very concise course
excellent content, easy to follow
Great course and market overview!
Excellent and very educational
Great and wide open experience
Thanks for the oppurtunity
A very high quality MOOC!
Thoroughly enjoyed that!
Great and amazing module
submitted review earlier
Like it. Very practical
Very good and detailed.
Thank You very much!
Very informativ
top tuition!
worth doing
