Badly formulated alternatives in the multiple choice test
Worst food course I have taken by far. Information is too repetitive like the other courses I have taken.  Instructor just say the words and nothing else. It is sometimes more an opinion than the actual fact.  To many videos and interviews are unnecessary and should be cut off. Execution is very poorly done and could have been better. The instructor killed my enthusiasm in week 3 where I got really bored. Instructor shows no enthusiasm and just explains word by word. I give this course a 1 star out of 5.
I can't un-enroll in this course!!  Not what I wanted.
Extremely theoretical, not a lot of case studies. Recommended for those who do not have sales & marketing background and want to learn more about it. Not very useful for experience professionals already working in this business.
Not very educational.Theories are very similar to what you learn in marketing.Real-world insights and finances of Food & Beverage would be a way better teaching.
I think this course should have been called differently. I think the name that fits it best is The Basics of Management with examples from the world of food and beverages. The course was useful but it was not what I was looking for. I thought it would focus on aspects specifically related to the food and management industry, not in management in general. Also, the word "management" implies several areas (production, distribution, storage, etc). But the course focused on production and marketing. I think this should have been somehow emphasized in the title.
Hello, I'm Giuliano from Milan - Italy. This is my first course online. I've got a food-pr Agency. www.GIROIDEA.it – I believe in continuing education. I deal with communication and I provide strategies to entrepreneurs who want to create new business. The fund of F & B is very interesting and long follow it with interest. I take care of the business of two eCommerce sites that sell wine and Parmesan cheese.
It is a course that has a lot of interesting things and perspectives to analyze companies in the food and beverage business. But sometimes I felt a certain lack of depth. I found the interviews very useful during the course. Perhaps increasing the course load helps to become even better.
This course will give you a full perscpective of basic principles of marketing issues on Food and Beverage business. For me interviews with managers and owners and entrepenuers are key point.Congrats to Bocconi University and SDA Bocconi and  professor Troilo
A nice course, a good balance among price and contents;However, I think that the name should be changed in "A marketing approach to F&B Management". Due to this point:-It do not tackle enough the financial side or the practical side  of the matters.-
Good Introduction to Food and Beverage reality. A lot of information focused on Italian reality, mostly. Perfect for beginners without much knowledge and awareness of the different industries involved.
A lot of good knowledge, good interviews, but lacks application problems, in an essay format, which is lowering the long-term memorizing.
Average course, some cool case studies, but overall not amazing and not many business models
Good course but slow, each video was quite long with the same concept repeated few times.
I really enjoyed the course and learnt a lot but i felt that it was sometimes quite repetitive. Also i the wording used in the slides and videos was often unnecessarily complicated and could have been written more clearly. However i did enjoy it and glad i did it!
I only answer the remaining quizzes (week 3 and 4) as other study videos are too long and could not keep up because of other priorities.
It was interesting but not very engaging. Many of the examples (links) didn't work.
A great course with good examples and the interviews were really helpful.
it was amazing, I've learnt a lot. Thank you
It is really interesting course. The one minus is that the "Professor" speaks a little bit strange English.. Some words sounds strange and false.. that´s why you should look sometimes into the subtitles to understand what has he meant.
Great Course! lots of very good information that will help you excel in the F&B world. In my opinion the course could have been simplified as there are too many terms, but once you take the time to really focus on every term you really get a lot of positive information out of it that you can put into immediate effect into your business!
The course covered a unique topic, not readily available in books or on the internet. It gave a new perspective to look at, in the world of food and beverages. I am thankful to the organisers and professor Troilo for giving me an opportunity to indulge myself in this area of
The course is great. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I felt that it was more geared towards what would be niche products (at least in the examples) and not so much to the mass market, although the theory and lectures were applicable to both.
The examples were really on point and it helped a lot to understand the theory. I took this course for fun but now I am really inclined to work again in F&B. Nothing like italiano  to motivate somebody. Grazie, professore!
Very comprehensive, staight through concepts of F&B Management.The speaker of the lecture explains very well and the interviews really interesting.Looking forward for new courses related to business management.
Very interesting and well done! Some of the provided links are expired. It would be great to have an updated release with new trends and recent examples of F&B companies and success stories.
Very complete. Covers a wide range of subjects. Prof. Gabriele transmits a really clear message. Their quality is unquestionable. But, the program lacks of more specific examples.
Wonderful course, great material, interesting interviews, I learned a lot and enjoyed it very much! However it is more focused on marketing strategies than management itself.
The course is pretty comprehensive and has a handful of insightful examples of the F&B industry. The concepts are covered in detail and I would recommend this course.
i am pleased to do it..this course help me a lot to know about food and beverage management.i think i so so able to work in this sector..so thanks a lot coursera.
Very interesting and detailed, but would be more interesting if have the chance to interact more with classmates and lecturers when doing assignments.
One of the greatest courses I've done so far. The lecturer is very insightful and his method is pretty straightforward and concise.
A little unclear and questions not worded clearly. Good information and course outline however.
very good material for those who want to gain knowledge about food and beverage business
Very interesting course with the chance to access detailed interviews and extra material
Really Interesting topics and interviews. The lectures are clear and well explained.
a great experience, an excellent insight into Food and Beverage management.
Very interesting course, great advise on marketing in the f&b departement!
Very interesting course, maybe too focused on marketing topics.
simple & effective course about food & beverage management.
A mind blowing cource to gather all the detail knowledge
Thanks for providing the information of food science
good content.full of exemples and real cases.
quiet useful for those in FMCG background.
Good and learn many things
Good knowledge about F&B
Very nice course..
Very informative..
It's my first Coursera course and I really learned a lot from it. It was worth my time. My concerns are the following:  The course needs to be updated as the examples are now outdated.Most of the links in the pdf presentations don't work because again they're outdated.Most of the examples had to do with the alcohol industry whether it was wine, beer etc. I wish there was more variety and less of those.
The name of this course is a little misleading - it's more about brand management and marketing within the F&B sector. I found it very informative, and really appreciate the large number of real-world marketing examples that were given. However, I'm only giving it four stars because the course material is getting old, with many links that no longer work. Please give this course the update it deserves!
A very insightful course with nice Italian touches via the interviews of industry people and experts. I enjoyed the course a lot! Examples were many yet they were missing in some case to make it easier to understand broader concepts. Finally since this course was done around 2016-17 a lot of the links of additional reading/ videos etc are not working, so i would kindly ask to update them somehow.
This was my first time attending an online course.And from that point of view this was a good course and I was able to study a lot from theese sections. I very much liked the 5th week class as it was more socialised and had interviews with many successful entrepreneurs. I personally liked the subject and the way the sìr was teaching. Thank you for giving this wonderful opportunity for me . ❤️
Overall a fantastic experience, the only minus and reason of the 4 stars instead of 5 is the fact that many of the links to article and/or videos are outdated, non available or completely removed, making the experience that the course wants to give less effective. I highly suggest to review all your external links to make sure they are available.
Very detailed, deep course about how to handle the many dilemmas one can face when managing food & beverages companies. High quality content including interviews with important characters in the industry, felt very close and personal to this characters.
The course is very well done. Materials are relevant and overall well structured. Provided materials and video lessons with Prof. Gabriele Troilo are clear and to the point. Definitely worth the time and the money spent. Thank you.
Very lean course that challenges stereotypes on how the F&B market woks and gives helpful insights on how to reforme your company and better tackle organizational and decisional issues on how to manage your position in the market.
The content of the course is great, and very well explained.Unfortunately, many of the advertisement campaign's links don't work anymore, and you have to search for the materials on the web.
I learnt so much regarding brand positioning and value propositions. As an events manager i am glad i came across this course. I will definitely adopt and apply a lot of what i have learnt.
Useful lessons and clear explanation. This course really offered a clear insight into the management of food and beverage industry. Complimenti alla Bocconi e Prof. Troilo!
Every title could use an actual explanation. Like which companies use which kind of touchpoints, type of segmentation, place branding, distribution network...etc
Some example can result old (now we are in 2020 and the course was recorded in 2016), but the content are really interesting and focus on this industry.
I am a former Bocconi student and I liked this course.However, I recommending a stronger focus on Management, as 90% of the course is about Marketing.
This course was very helpful to attain more knowledge about the topic and the lectures were actually understandable and the topics were easy to grasp.
Very good course, as per an F&B Management course, I'd like was to be more focused on budget and costs as per labors and food and beverage costs
Great Insight and very helpful to understand the relationship between major brands and small scale brands. Also helps to launch new business.
More case studies, but overall a very satisfactory course. looking forward to version 2. Looking forward to interacting with Prof. Gabrielle.
I  learnt a lot about marketing strategy and the challenges faced by the beverage industry. I am happy , I opted for this course .Thank you!
The course is very interesting. It is focused on marketing and it is very curious to know in all the variants in which it is divided.
I am very thankful for achieving my best skills and knowledge through this syllabus & learns new skills .Best Regards ,Sayyed Junaid
An informative and fun course.  The lecture videos sometimes froze.  Many of the external YouTube links did not work at all.
This course help me a lot about food and beverage industry and how to manage a brand in local and international segments.
I enjoyed this course. I'll definitely implement some of the strategies I learned in a real situation.
very interesting course, they just need to improve the english grammar in the slides.
Good course! also if is very synthetic is able to go deep on the main concepts.
it has deep knowledge of corporate strategy and ways to success in business
Good Course about Market segmentation, Brand Type & behaviour of People
It is a good course of Marketing on F&B!Very complete edition.
This course is soo interested and way of video message is good
The course content was so organized with relevant examples.
It was an useful to everyone.. To learn in home..
A lot of new insights in the F&B business!
Thank you, it was very interesting
Good one learned new things
Nice course i enjoyed it
It was so hard!
this is a very good course , excellent slides , well explained and the interviews with business people in food and beverage field where a great help to understand how they involve in the market.
Well structured content course which is easy to understand even for a beginner in the field and which allows a first excellent overall view of Food & beverage management thanks to very accurate video lessons, but at the same time simple and clear in the exhibition. From the titles used for each module you will immediately understand what we are talking about, just think that the first module is titled: "Products vs. Markets". The same slides you will be able to use will report key concepts and their definitions in order to simplify the study and make it more immediate. A lot of attention is paid to the visuals offered both in the lessons and in the slides which makes it possible to make learning intuitive through practical examples. During the lessons there is the possibility to put oneself to the test with short optional interactive quizzes aimed at testing one's own understanding in view of the final exam. This certainly offers a great hand to deal with it and better, I therefore advise you to do them. You have the opportunity to listen to the experience of various successful food & beverage entrepreneurs and to understand in practice how different marketing strategies have been put to use and what results they have given. A course that combines theory and practice because, if you wish, you can also decide to try to solve specific questions asked by the teacher to test your acquired awareness at the end of each module. To make it more accessible to all, the possibility of subtitles in various languages ​​is not obvious. Learning is fast because it's exciting.
Excellent course, a very good instructor using good examples and clear explanations.  I also enjoyed the  interviews, the quality of the production used to develop the videos and the great locations.
I really found it very useful, I learnt a lot and I hope I can use all the knowledge in my career. Thank you very much to the Bocconi University and all the people who has participate. Useful terms, trends and well explained with examples.
A educational course with a lot of useful information. The interview with different kind of stakeholders also help the student to understand the ideology of the food & beverage management.
The course is Perfect! Clearly Marketing approaches than help the students to archive world real experiencess/cases and understad how does the Food and Beverage industry works.
I want to sincerely thank Coursera for this wonderful experience with this course. I have really learnt alot when it come to Brand and marketing as far as Food and Beverage Service is concerned. Now i will use all the tricks, clues and know-how from this course not only to the food and beverage service only but in all my life endeavors. once again, THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!!
A very well done comprehensive course on the foundation level concepts and materials of food and beverage management. Useful and understandable basics of the industry at both regional and international levels. Great use of interviews with real business owners of top brands in the industry as well.
I learned a lot and it was really interesting and well prepared. I specially liked the lots of real life examples. I seriously think it will help our company to increase the efficiency of our marketing and management.
interesting content,provide student with clear explanation on some fundamental marketing knowledge. great insight into food and beverage industry, the lecturer has strong accent, but it's ok with subtitle.
This course is definitely an informative food and beverage management course, and helped me learn a lot about restaurant management ideals and brand name management. Thank you Bocconi University!
Loved the practical interviews & case studies. Very detailed and the professor did a great job of outlining the topics for discussion in the respective modules.
I love this because they give me many experiences for market. So i want another ones the same i done before. Thank you!
Its like that I have enrolled on a top shool university. I wish I could go to 
Bocconi University someday.
It was an interesting moment, the lectures, video was concise and understanding. It's a good work done.
good for hospitality and restaurant . helpful for who running own small business in F&B.
Excellent course. Congratulations for the perfect choice. I've really appreciated.
Absolutely Perfect!!! Totally new perspective after this course! Thank You.
Best course I have ever taken, thank you so much for the effort.
the course is very interesting and useful
I hope i will be very helpful!
This course is so intriguing and exciting to me. It is fantastic to learn more in-depth about something I meet everyday. I would like to say, this course is really an eyeopener for me in the Food and Beverage sector. I am a MBA student, who is determined to contribute to the plant-based diet in the future. And I got deeply inspired by the material and content of the lectures. And the way they are presented are enjoyable. What's more, the people participated in the videos are so charming. But, there are too few female involve in. I wish I can see more, if this course is about to upgrade some day. Thank you very much for whoever make this course available to me.
I enjoyed the course and got inspired with it! I found the interviews with the managers or owners of the F&B companies probably the more interesting part. But also the video lectures by Proff. Troilo as well as the summaries were clear and well structured. Just 2 comments further: 1. I found a bit "boring" the background for the first video deliveries, while at the end of the program there were sooo inspiring! he landscapes and the visits in Italy! (maybe it's because 'Io amo la Italia' :) 2. I'd have called the course  F&B Marketing (rather than F&B Management). All in all an outstanding! Grazie mille!
Amazing course! I enjoy every video, every interview. Professor is cool, a professional . I like that you provided not only the theory itself, but also informative slides, interviews with so interesting people, plus gave/showed visual examples. Videos are of great length (not too long, not too short), information is valuable and only on business. I had a great , kinda , customer experience studying your lectures)) And its more than lectures, its a joy. Thank you for your job!
I'm so satisfied with the content of this lessons , it is a brief of every single point that matter to start doing business is this area. For me that already have experience of  international marketing , It has been perfect to know more specific details and It already is giving me some good ideas to start to introduce my products in Spain, Italy , Germany and France.  THANKS  Prof. Gabriele Troilo you are a fantastic professor.
This course is clearly structured with inspiring best practice examples, an engaging professor and interesting additonal content. It refers to crucial issues for F&B businesses and helped me a lot to understand this industry in a deeper way. I can highly recommend to take this course as it will enrich your knowledge and provide great insights into the challenges of successful F&B companies.
Great course, with great interviews with experts in the F&B industry. I would recomend it for anyone. It also povides you with some insight in basic key-concepts in management and market, in case you, like myself, are not familiarized with this vocabulary. Great explanations and real-life examples. 100% enjoyable. I had a great time and learned a lot.
A great course for anyone related to the hospitality industry,  it covers key subjects in a professional and updated manner, complemented with interesting interviews with top industry executives. The professor in charge is a perfect narrator and guide. I learned many concepts and inspired me to review the existing strategy and focus of my business
The professor, the explanations, the video lectures, slides, graphics, examples and interviews helped me to understand what is F&B management. The units were very well organized and the topics were very well explained. The course gave enormous pleasure from the beginning to the end. Loved! Thanks for everyone that worked hard to make this course.
For the most part it was great. Plenty of learning options available from plain reading of the presentations slides to the actual videos. The questions on the quiz might need some work since the language at times is ambiguous and imprecise. However, overall I am very pleased with the course for F&B and Marketing information in general. Thank you
It was a very nice course, touching topics that can be applied to work from the smallest restaurant to big food corporations and distributor. It really gives you a great overview of the whole food and beverage industry, and the different interactions that with the market that as a manager are good to know. I see myself applying this knowledge.
I've been working for almost 10 years in finance in an international F&B company and I think this course has been really helpfull for me as helped to fix lots of concepts I faced in my professional life from a theoretical and objective point of view. Very nice readings, attachements and interviews. Congratulations to prof. Troilo and Bocconi!
This was a great course because I like a good challenge; it was way more difficult than I had previously anticipated. The course shined a light on some things that I normally wouldn't give much thought to, and as someone who currently holds a position at a company that is in the F&B industry, it was quite inspiring, to say the least.
Amazing content ! covering in every angle all you should know as an entrepreneurs/manager in the Food & Beverage Industry.I want to thank Gabriele Troilo and his team at SDA Bocconi, for the very high quality courses, materials and videos he provides to us.The high quality reputation of the school is one more time confirmed :)
During this difficult period of quarantine i learned a lot from this course, I'd like to thank the Professor Gabriele Troilo for the Videos and for the incredible knowledge he shared with all the students which enrolled. It's gonna be easier or at least less complicate open a Business and undertstand all the issues around it.
"I am amazed with this course was very good learning I want to continue learning more the university is to be congratulated because I would like to know the dependencies of the institution the teaching is of quality. The teacher has a range of knowledge and the guests were very attentive to their questions "!!!
It was intense and at the same time efficient online course. Videos were clear and short enough to catch attention. Interviews and examples were impressive!  I really liked this course from Bocconi University, and I highly recommend everyone who wants to know about food & beverage management as a beginner.
This course was very helpful. The information was very well presented, with a lot of examples and clear statements. Easy to understand, remember and practise. The tests were very accurate with clear questions and answers. The interviews were inspiring and clarifing the whole material of the course.
I admire of this lecturer and its structured information (espessially in presentations). I think this course gave me a better understanding of marketing than my university's course of marketing. I have finance background and I like to work with numbers but this course was really interesting for me.
The best course to understand the basis of Food and Beverage business. It gives great tools and case studies to learn best practices when you open your own business. Congratulations and thank you very much to Bocconi University and professor Gabriele Troilo. Really inspiring and complete.
very in-depth view of the management company in general. It has presented different perspectives on management rather than the cliched management frameworks such as SWOT, Porter's five forces etc. The content on target, segmentation and creating point of difference is very actionable.
The course was well structured, well presented, and it had thorough content. The interviews were also well chosen and diverse, it added a lot of value and clarity to the concepts, very valuable overall. Inspiring course, it can be used on other industries as well. Highly recommended!
It is a very  good course and give to the people who  look for a knowledge in F&B a better vision, a diferente way  to see the food and beverage chain and how is the administration of the big and small companies and brandies and the way the manage your business, being it a big restau
Superv! it's quite remarkable the good quality of the Bocconi MOOC's but the outstanding contents, video, structure, overpasses by far related MOOC's, If yo are in the business of the food and beverage, no matter the size of your organization, this course is a must.
It is a very good course. Got to learn new things about marketing sector. I would definitely recommend some one who is willing to do online course. the language is very easy to understand, and the study material which is provided by the university is very helpful.
i am glad to have found this course and done it successfully too.it was an eye opener to so many things one needs to know about food and beverage company and to other products companies as well running a company and marketing strategy for products and brands.
I have learned a lot from this course.  Food & Beverages is also one of the main branches in Hospitality and Tourism sector, which is the path I'm going to take from now, and I really hope to apply all the things that I've learned.   Thank you very much,
The layout of the course, organization, the structure and the additional key points displayed next to the lecturer make it easy to understand and follow. Overall the course has kept me interested, and eager to apply to the universities summer program.
Its such an amazing course. I learned many many useful and interesting facts. As the topics built and explained are great. The slides and the interviews helped a lot and motivated me to think about them. The tests are interesting as well. I loved ut!
Having majored in Food Marketing Major and Psychology this course is incredibly comprehensive about all aspects of the Food Industry. The professor uses relevant and interesting examples and interviews experts to bring depth to each lesson.
I really enjoyed this course. Being someone new in FMCG Industry, this was very interesting and informative course, it gave me new insights. The examples shared were simply remarkable and helped a great deal in understanding of concepts.
This course gave me a possibility to see food and beverage world from different perspective. I am a chef. After completing this course I know more about development of the company, customers approach and many other interesting things.
The course was very useful to better undestand the food and beverage's market and to improve my skills. The teacher is very prepared and the materials are cleare and interesting. I will recommended this course to my work collea
Highly recommend this course to anyone interested in the F&B field. Course information is presented systematically through the weekly classes. Video of interviews are also great source of information.Food for thoughts indeed.
I higly recommend this course for someone who is interested in earning knowledge upon Food and Beverage management. Excellent presentation, easily understood, informative examples and case studies. Good work, congratulations.
Very good and
dinamic course. You can learn a lot especially if you don't have any previous
knowledge in F&B Management. Course provides a lot of information on
different topics, covered with life situations that i liked.
It was a excellent experience. I learn so many things about Food and Beverage Management and i feel ready to start managing companies of this subject. Lessons were useful for me to add marketing and management knowledge
What a wonderful course, I believe I certainly need to review the rest of content for months to digest it completely, thank you very for providing the course, thanks a lot for Universita of Bocconi and Coursera!!
Excellent course. Had exactly the right amount of information with respect to the management of food and beverage businesses that I found useful as someone who is investing in the food and beverage sector.
Excellent material. Videos and interviews to support the theory are very complete and practical. Slides with the main content available so you can concentrate in the information and not in taking notes.
Great teacher Mr.Gabriele Troilo. I really enjoyed the course and have learned a lot from this course, the way the course was designed and performed made it very easy to follow and understand. Thank you
Great course for those who are interested in the Food and Beverage market. I highly recomend it, the way the profesor guides you interacts with actual business models etc is great. Thank you Coursera.
Thanks Bocconi for this course. So helpful for those who wants to create a business in F&B Industry. It helped me a lot to clarify my ideas and develop a better plan for the near future. GRAZIE MILLE!
I enjoyed the content and they way the professor presented the material. The PPT was of great assistance throughout the course. Unfortunately I could not load most of the interest or YouTube videos.
The course is well structured. It has a simple language, which facilitates the understanding of the concepts for those who are non-native English language, whitch is my case. The teacher is cool :)
thank you for this course, i learned things about brand and market in big scale not only in food and beverage field, thank you Gabriele Trioilo and teams
This course helped me understand the fundamental challenges of both small and large companies in the F & B industry, when taking their product to market.
The course is very interesting, structured, with a large number of examples, which allowed a better understanding of the subjects.
 Thank you very much!
Everything is very well explained, topics are interesting and the most important - the print of individuals who enjoy their work can be felt. Thank you!
Very solid training focusing on several key points and giving a full understanding of food and beverage ecosystem and the way the market is structured.
Thank you soo much for this wonderful course really loved it.i got my certificate but the course name is written in another language what should I do.
Really well-strured and very informative course. I enjoyed my reading and listening hours, and am very glad to have completed this course.  Thank you!
Great content and overall production. Can't get any more genuine than Italy to understand and explore the dynamics of the Food & Beverage industry.
Amazing!, I enjoy it so much!, your perspective of F&B will change when you will see all important topics that are involved just in one product.
Excellent course, Professor Gabriele Troilo is obviously very passionate about food and the subject matter. I thoroughly enjoyed this course.
Very interesting and helpful. Listening to a video and watching the PPT can help. Refernceses and Sources very relevant and interesting!
One of the best courses I have ever passed in Coursera, which helped and encouraged me to continue my studying in Marketing from now on.
Loved the materials the professor had prepared for the course. I hope to take more classes related to the food & beverage industry.
simple languagefundamental issuesuseful contentvery exciting and understandable interviewsin conclusion: comprehensive & worthful!
Good quality slide content, Clear explanation of concepts in the videos gave me exactly the value I was looking for in this course
An excellent approach. I really appreciated it while already being an insider of Food Market and definitely a marketing person.
Great course, very professional. I look forward to the certification that will be very useful for my professional development.
The course is beautifully designed and is helpful for learning managerial aspects of the food and beverage company. Thank you!
great course, got to learn so much with such convenience of sitting at home. thanks a lor professor and university of Bocconi
I loved the course, I was able to learn a lot, now I can see brands differently and I  am a new type of consumer now. Thanks!
Exceptional course that made me understand the food business, even though I had never studied economics or management before!
Great course instruction, easy access and I can actually create notes while in class instruction, I can develope my test plan
Very interesting course. Clear structure and high-quality content. Interviews and case studies are relevant and enriching.
I have learned a lot and I have started to look at  managment and marketing in a different way.I'm full of new ideas :D
It was a good course. I am feeling motivated to start my own small food business as I am also a food science graduate.
Great course I really enjoy it. I saw a lot of new ad campains and the new develops and strategies of some companies.
It should full course learning. All the topics are very interesting for me who working in the hotel and hospitality.
Very interesting class. I really loved the interviews which were good examples of what the slides/videos teach us.
High quality of marketing issues in food and beverageLot of significant exemples  in all chaptersVery good teacher
Very clear, good examples, teacher goes "to the point". What I have learned is being very useful for my business.
Amazing course with loads and loads of knowledge which is totally applicable on your daily professional routine
Very useful course, the professor has very clear and concise concepts and  remain well memorized in the mind!
The best course in this field, there isn't another specialized course in food and beverage management here.
Excelente course, excelent mentor, great oportunity, I hope you made more courses like this and from boconi
Very informative course. Gabrielle is a fascinating lecturer and I very much enjoyed taking this course.
Best course ive taken in coursera in several years, so grateful for this fascinating experience. Bravo!
This course is absolutely fantastic.I must inform my colleagues at Burger King to complete this course.
Very good course. Teach me  general informations about F&B industry,market segmentation and strategies.
It's very informative and all the interviews are very useful and inspiring. I really enjoy the course.
This course material is perfect for the understanding of various management skills in food department.
Very interesting and informative. I believe I will constantly review the course content in the future.
Great Course! Great Content! Awesome Professor!Thanks Gabriele for share this huge knowledge with us.
This course is very well structured and conveys it's content in an interesting and comprehensive way.
Very interesting; offers an insight into the F&D industry, with clear lectures and relevant topics.
Great course! Very well organized and with some quality interviews as well. Totally recommended
Very enjoyable course!! I recommend this to anyone who is new to food and beverage management!
Very interesting for those who seek for food and beverage course with high quality. Congrats
This course was very helpfull, and I'm glad and thankful I had an opportunity to take it.
I truly enjoyed this course. I took a lot of knowledge which I can apply in my industry.
The course is good, uses rather complex lexicon but the lessons are properly spread out.
An excellent course full of insights and masterfully delivered by a clear expert in this
Excellent course which runs through the 101 of Marketing with the F&B Industry as base.
Great course, easy to follow and very useful to improve your food marketing skills!
Learned many new things I did not know on F&B. Thank you for your efforts and time.
very good, but can improve with more interviews and experiences, thanks for all :)
Really interesting and insightful course!I thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend it
Amazing teacher and amazing lessons. Wonderful first experience here at Coursera!
Very insightful and pragmatic course. I recommend for all in hospitality sector.
I think every single entrepreuner of Food and beverage should take this course!!
Excellent course for Managers and Entrepreneurs on Food & Beverage businesses!!!
Really good! The professor was really clear and specific with the explanations.
It´s a very interesting course, food and beverage are a very kid of business.
Clear. Concise. Practical. Well structured. Useful presentations. Nice pace.
thanks a lot for Bocconi and special thanks for  professor Gabriele Troilo,
It is amazing, so much knowledge about de F&B industry.Totally recommended.
i have really enjoid this course all the time. big thanks to the lecturer.
Very useful course, which gave me the basic information about the subject.
Great course, would reccommend to all who's interested in F&B Management
extremelly helpful and well explained practical and real life knowledge
This course is good to start think different and study more in the F&B
Excellent class. It meets you at the point of reality and your needs.
There were many examples and case studies from all types of cultures.
the exams and evaluations are hard, but the experience is amazing!
A great course that shows the theory ally to the market feeling.
Good material, good lessons and easy to understand. Good course!
Excellent professor and great material. Very highly recommended!
Really good and complete course! I do recommend you to take it!!
Prof Gabriele Troilo, you are amazing! Your module is fantastic!
fun, brilliant interviews, insightful teacher with a cool voice
great course ! very professional, interesting, full ! Grazie !
A lot of insight and knowledge from the industry. Loved it!
very helpful especially if one is really new to this field.
I loved the whole course. Inspiring and very in-depth....
Amazing course helped me a lot at my work in restaurant!
great course for those looking to start a career in F&B
Good insight into F&B and useful topics and discussions
thanks for giving a wonderful knowlage and certificates
love this! Im learning so much more than how to manage.
Course done with passion and knowledge of the subject.
Really high quality explanations, material and videos.
Well-presented, interesting and insightful! Thank you
I really liked this course! So interesting and useful
thanks. I've spent productive and interesting hours.
Clear examples, outstanding lectures and interviews.
The best course about food business and management!
Very interesting course about Food & Beverage Mgmt.
Very well structured! Nice lessons! Awesome course!
I have completed chapter - 1 . So far its excellent
Great course! Excellent stuff! Highly recommended!
Nice course for students don´t work in marketing
Great course, perfectly organised and very well
I loved it! Very good material and information.
A really complete, accesible and clear course!
Very in-depth presentation. Open perspectives.
Excellent Course. I have enjoyed it very much
excellent, innovative and eye opening course.
find it better than what i expected ..thank u
Informative course!  I really learned a lot.
Excellent structure and content!! Thank you!
Thank you so much Sirit was amazing course
Very interesting course. Congratulations !
Excellent, so interesting and practical :)
Relevant, Interesting and worth the time.
great courses! I learned a lot from that.
Really interesting and well researched!
It was an excellent experience. grazie!
Love the new format! Kept me engaged.
amazing,very interesting.good course.
Top of the pops!! Well done Bocconi!
Wonderful course. Thank you so much!
Thanks for your help and support me
Interesting and well organized !!
Amazing course. Very recommended.
Really useful and well-designed!
Very clear and well structured!
Its really good and interesting
very informative and up to date
very good content in the course
really enjoyed the interviews!
Everything I needed and more!
Glorious!. Amazing!. Superb!
really interesting course
amazing!very informative
Great course, thank you
Prfect...what else?
interesting! Good!
Very interesting!!
Loved this course!
Full of knowledge
Loved this Course
Excelent! Thanks!
Very Beautiful!
really nice!
really good
The concept of Food and Beverage distribution or delivery in
general is quite simple; we only have two basic functions: first, the
production and the second, the distribution. But it does not necessarily mean
that the actual and underlying activities in determining how to effectively and
efficiently distribute food and beverages products are also simple because
these specific functions are a little bit detailed and comprehensive. In this course, I have learned the
different ideas, specific and rational concepts why understanding both your
products and services and your customer at the same time is important. By understanding
the concepts of value proposition up to the importance of segmentation leads me
to the understanding that the Food and Beverage Industry has a much deeper
meaning other than the production and distribution of food and beverages. It is emphasized in this course that a company’s efforts on
product development and product knowledge should be parallel on its understanding
to customers’ expectations. That the company must meet or even exceed its customers’
expected value for a product with respect to their sacrifices in using or
purchasing those products in order for the company to achieve the highest possible
rate of customer satisfaction.With all the concepts and knowledge presented in this course, managers can now revisit their existing strategies and start
incorporating new ideas for them to take advantage both their product
development capabilities and customer knowledge in order to optimize the full capacity of their food and beverage
businesses.After listening to all the videos included in this course,
as well as the additional links and stories attached to each of the modules, I
have a different perspective about Food and Beverage Management.With all the concepts and ideas shared by our facilitator, I
now have a much deeper understanding and realization regarding the different
facets of food and beverage. Decision making and situational approach will
never be the same.I will have new styles and ways in seeing things from now
on. It is also safe that this course had provided me another 180 degree turn of
what I know and from where I’m used to be.
I have successfully completed the online course program on Food & Beverage Management authorized by Università Bocconi with an average of 85.4%. 

Thanks to this course; I developed new marketing skills in this field by understanding the main dilemmas of the food & beverage industry such as; Tradition vs Innovation, Products vs Markets, Local vs. Global & finally Small Vs. Big. I also enjoyed the interviews, the quality of the production and the great locations.

Grazie mille to Gabriele Troilo from here; the main instructor of the course for his clear explanations and concrete examples & to all of the guest speakers that he interviewed with, who widened my horizon by sharing their real life experiences within the industry. Finally, I would like to thank to Coursera & Bocconi University for making this excellent course available online.
It's a great course for those who like to understand the way
marketing in the F&B sector works nowadays. Good combination of
presentation (video’s), slides and interviews. Easy to understand. Professore Gabriele Troilo has a pleasant way of
presenting and explains things good and clear. Good examples from F&B. The
visual texts in the video’s are great and will help you to focus on the
important issues of the presentation. The slide show helps to recaptulate. I did the course for fun within a week, not for my career, during covid-19 lockdown, but learned
a lot about an industry which is near to my work. Many thanks to Gabriele
Troilo, Bocconi Università and Coursera!
I'm so happy to took this course and finished with hight score, I think this course it was make with information and essential subjects that we need and it's easy to understand because not only had sliders to study also the interviews are very important to be clear the meaning of those concepts that explain it.  Well, I already just to say, Thank you very much to our profesor Gabriel Triolo and Bocconi University for amazing, useful content that give me an important new knowledge about the whole Food & Beverage World and I love you so much to have this opportunity.  Thanks a lot and I hope visit you one day...
I would like to thank the Coursera team for approving my financial aid. The same gratitude also goes to Bocconi University and Professor Troilo for carefully planning this course. The syllabus and the video lecture is user friendly, one can really understand the topic. The module is also provided so the learner can print and file it. This course improves my knowledge about food and beverage management.Kudos to the whole team for crafting this course! I am beyond grateful! Xoxo
Mille grazie per le migliore curi, io non parlo molto italiano ma, so qualcosa. I could't be more happy knowing that I've passed this great course and thanks to you, I have my own Certificate because you paid for it. I have earnt a lot of good content  in case if in the future I have in mind to open and manage my own Restaurant... as i've said before in some comments, i'm here to adquire information rooted to the food to become a great chef. Thank you <3
Since I am an entrepreneur in the food and beverage business (specialty coffee), this course was truly useful for me and I believe it will be for anyone trying to make a living out of food and beverage. One of its key components is the fact that they present a formal framework to deal with the four dilemmas presented in the course while also explaning how real companies, big and small, applied such frameworks and ideas to make their businesses successful
‘Varied & interesting’‘Used a good range of visual and discussion-based activities’‘Ready to use’ resources from professionals who are in touch with classroom practice.‘Incredibly informative’‘Useful Ofsted information on ‘Deep dives’’‘GCSE Pod – Heard of it but didn’t know how it worked until now.’‘A range of different activities/talks/presentations.’‘Found the take-away resources hugely helpful – thank you.’
Prof. Troilo is amazing. He has good energy, his tonality, and the lengths of the courses are just right. Slides that provided with the course are really beneficial. And loved each interview and insights from the market-leading professionals. Quizzes and small questionnaires are mindfully selected and do require your knowledge about the topic. If you are in the Hospitality business, highly recommended.
It was an amazing course, got to learn a lot on product and brand management. The interviews added in between helped to see the practical side of the matter. The speaker had a good command and excellent knowledge. "Think Big, Act small" The motto is something im going to keep in mind forever. This has overall helped me to have a better approach to my own small scale business.
Absolutely brilliant! The course teacher, Gabriele Troilo, is a wonderful teacher who is passionate about his course and subject. He has gone out of his way to make sure we get a rounded learning experience of his subject. His passion and love for his subject can be seen in every interaction with him. Thank you. One of the best Coursera courses I have done! Cheers.
Thank yo for opening my horizons, , sto imparando l’italiano, sono distributore di caffè di Milano è Napoli negli Stati Uniti , and really helped me to keep myself neutral in all the possibilities the market can change. I would like to get more involved in the Ho.re.Ca, if you could give an advise will be very appreciated. Ci vediamo a Milano pronto.
Relevant training for those who work on F&B business, short content with interesting interviews of experts and market players.The most exciting lesson was Big vs Small as it let understand more consistently how to actions with different company sizes in relation to each brand on many and specific market.Yes! I recommend this course.#Fabrício
Really interesting course. It includes both basic marketing concepts and interesting insights (although some are old, they are still pretty solid). I would 100% recommend this course not only to whoever is following a career in the sector but also to food passionates, because of the interesting insights and interviews.
It is a really great course where I got to see many business cases in food industry. The specialized topics discussing the current trend and conflicts in the field is insightful. I can related to many examples and hopefully can utilize what I learned from this course in real-life cases.
The course was good structured and the material was explained very clearly and in an exciting way with a lot of interesting examples. The course attendant receives a new insight into the food and beverage industry and several ideas for the growth and development in this industry.
Very interesting course! In my opinion in the perfect integration if you have already follow some other course like marketing or international marketing. This course is well structured and what I found very interesting was the paper integration, curious  articles and interviews.
Very clear in every aspect and useful. The Professor used a simple but very effective language, in order to let the student understand the content on every topic. I suggest this course to everyone who want to lear more about F&B industry, both professional and unprofessional
The course provides in-depth knowledge of the food and beverage industry. It is very interesting especially to those who have a passion towards food. There is so much to learn! I really enjoyed doing this course :)PS- My review is an earned touchpoint :DThank you so much!
interesting course, leads you to reflect, the law of the market and all its characteristics, in a way that a product can be sold, the characteristics that the brand must have to be impressed by consumers, sometimes even the history of the brand influences Consumers
Very useful course, well structured. Recommended for those who want to undertake the experience of the manufacturer in the food and beverage management sector, as well as useful for simple consumers, to understand what the dynamics that companies have in place.
This class really opens my mind. The way I see companies now is completely different and so is the way I will approach the opening of my food business. I am really very pleased with this course and I hope to find others with the same impact.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, the professor was very engaging and insightful. The course gave me clear explanation and examples on the various topics covered, and I found the interviews and additional reading materials very helpful.
Very nice course with a great instructor who gives clear and nice examples right straight from the industry! Interesting interviews with top companies and inspiring insights! Definately recommend it for all people working in F&B.
First of all, I would like to thanks, Prof. Gabriele. I am amazed that I took this course. Excellent in quality which I could easily catch the attention and yes this course definitely will shine my life. thank you, Bocconi.
Terrific course! Thank you!! Very well structured with varied of material, interviews and cases. The only issue is about a couple of links than there are not function it anymore. I´ll looking forward for related courses.
Insights of the course is very useful. It clearly matches with the global and local markets to implement the ideas on what we learn though this course. Thank you so much for the knowledge that I gained from this course.
Outstanding depth in just ~13Hrs. Good range of nuances being touched upon. Right blend of professional food and beverage management professionals interviews aids to better relate with the theory and Practicalities.
From Food and Beverage courses i have learned and gained a lot of knowledge, ideas, skills and how to deal with the various companies in food and beverage sector industry which i can enhance in daily life.Thank you.
Excellent course, an introduction to the way a company in the food and beverage industry can be managed, it addresses specific mgmt problems in a simple and well-explained way. The video-lesson format is the best.
The proffesor it's really good, interesting. The presentations are precise with their content and there's a lot of additional media to give a better understanding of how the topics work in real, strong companies.
It was a great course, full of relevant information presented dynamically. No video or reading was too long and it gives you enough perspectives so you can deep into by your own in what you're interested in.
I enjoy how ligth the course is and the clear material on it, on my personal point I would include the word marketing in the title because of the strong tendency to this topic but I am 100 percent satisfied.
Very interesting course and well thought, easily applicable to all sector of this vast business. From an hospitality perspective all concepts could apply and help to shape a successful business strategy.
the best course I have taken on Coursera.Professor Troilo is really competent and clear in its explanationThe course structure is linear and the videos are well developed with an engaging layout.Bravi!!
very well organized with graphics, videos and interviews. Some youtube videos were not available or set to private. great information for all levels of skills. interviews from wide variety of products.
The explanation is very clear and relatable to food and beverage industry. The videos and interviews are interesting. However, some of the links provided no longer works. Overall, I enjoyed the course.
Very interesting introductory course to food & beverage management. Clear setup and interesting topics. ALso, the interviews with guest speakers are very interesting and relate to the topics covered.
Any people who want to become an entreprenuer should definitely do this course. The lectures was explained in a detailed manner and the powerpoint slides are also quite precise and easily understood.
Really enjoyed this course, found it very in-depth and relevant to the food and beverage industry. My one note would be for some of the links in the last 2 weeks to be updated as they no longer work.
Good power points and very good explanations by the proffesor. He explains everything so it makes sense and he connects the subjects very well to each other, which makes it easier to follow along.
Well designed properly and accurately focussing on food and beverage management.Fully satisfied with the inclusion of  various interviewsOf various food and bevaerage induatry manging persons..😊
Outstanding Course! It really gives a deeper understanding of the F&B Industry and excellent tools to improve Marketing Strategies considering Global trends. Interviews with guests are fantastic!
It was really informative and loved the way in which the course was structured and presented. Hope there's more courses along the similar line on food & beverage topics as well as on management.
This is a great course to gain, refresh and update knowledge on Market Strategy.  Thank you  for putting toghether this valuable content and delivering it in such an easy and interesting way :-)
very highly seggested to have a broader view over things concerning F&B management...this also help to improve  business and to search for other specific course to follow...thank you very much
This is an extraordinary course for a professional who wants to understand the entire food business landscape in a short time. I would definitely recommend it to every Food & FMCG enthusiast.
This has been such a phenomenal well of knowledge and awareness regarding marketing strategies and I have no doubt that this will be one of my highest regarded courses in my future careers.
Very well explained, with very clear and precise examples. I learnt a lot during this course and I'm already trying to find another course to follow and learn new things. Highly recommend!
the course was amazing, examples in this course were abundant enough to know what actually is going around the world would recommend everyone having interest in food and beverage managment
A great course which gives you a thorough insight into how the food and beverage industry as a whole runs. Great for those interested in food and beverage management and marketing as well!
The course and information was relevant, properly conveyed through the various mediums and also reinforced with the interviews at the end. The assessment ensures that knowledge was gained.
A very informative and necessary  package for those who want to venture into the food and beverage production market.  i really  enjoyed learning new approaches and strategies. thank you.
This course is great insight for everyone who wants to know more about management in food and beverage industry and the dillema that arounds the managements of food and beverage industry.
I am graduated in Food Science and this course was perfect to go deeply on topics those were not touched during my university's career. Good for students and small-size company's owners.
Truly, it opened my eyes to so many details that it will change my future business perspective; especially with the market strategies and the way can we use it to attract the customers.
I personally enjoyed a lot this course especially because show for those people who run the food and beverage industry one ofthe most powerful Keys for the sucess "idea of marketing"
I enjoyed the criteria and the way it was presented. Will be taking another certification from Universita Bocconi soon. I believe I paid for a certificate. When would I expect this?
The streamlined focus of the course on the hand-picked topics is instrumental in making the lectures approachable, enjoyable and easy to understand. Thank you Mr Troilo and Bocconi!
This course has much knowledge about marketing and brand management in F&B field. It's so helpful with many case study and example in the hospitality industry. I completely satisfy.
Great structure, content and presentation! I would change only the name of the course to Food and Beverage Management and Marketing. It's a very practical and well designed course.
Very nicely done course. It shows students how to think, how to approach problems, and what to keep in mind while working in F&B industry. I'm sure I'll quickly use this knowledge
I have found it very helpful to understand the food market. I particularly found the first week to heavy in terms of content, maybe it should be split in to two weeks of course.
Very good course with great examples given to ensure that you understand the content. Please just check a few of the example videos that use youtube are not available anymore.
I am a wanna-be entrepreneur in the f&b field. I must say that this course is very much detailed and useful to clarify important points on different issues. Higly reccomended!
The course is very well thought out, the teacher is outstanding, very clear and coincise. Great examples and interviews, i found it quiet easy to complete and i learned a lot!
Thank you professor and team, this is a subject I should learn by hearth as I will like to put my own venue one of those days. Thank you for sharing with us Coursera learners.
I learned about marketing, the difference between product and market, the attention of knowing how to manage large and / or small companies.
I learned many things, thanks.
Mr. Gabriele Troilo  did an amazing job with this course and I enjoyed every aspect of it. I learned more about the F&B world and how it comes all together.Thank You,-Eli
Very interesting concepts. The course covered materials I did not expect it to cover. I plan on taking this one every once in awhile as long as its available for review!
This course was amazing, I learned a lot related food and beverage management. This course also was delivered perfectly nice and detail. Thank you Coursera and Bocconi.
That's a really good and interesting course if you want to broaden your knowledge about food & beverage management. It gives you some tips to create your own marketing.
Great course: very well structured, full of relevant slides, videos, interviews, and information. I am really delighted, and I highly recommend it! Thank you very much!
A great mix of theoretical concepts and interviews from industry opinion leaders. My first Online course with Coursera an Bocconi and I definitely look forward to more.
The most beautiful country of the world (ITALY) Thank you Gabriele for offering your wide knowledge to this free online platform I couldn't afford the cost otherwise.
Very complete course with a lot of video and reading materials. Very challenging and demanding, but provides important insights on food and beverage management issue.
7 star course amazing instructor, material is very easy as you used examples, the slides was very helpful You deserve more that 10 stars ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Found this course interesting and never boring. I think it helped prepare me a lot for my upcoming Food and Beverage class I will be taking next semester in college!
this course was really helpful for my experience, it really enhance my day knowledge,the teacher Gabriele  is really good, looking forward to do others courses soon!
Amazing and highly informative course. All topics were clear and very well explained. The only critique was most of the links in the videos didn't lead to anything.
Thank you, Bocconi and prof. Troilo for arming me with the knowledge to better serve my customers in Food and Beverage Industries! Great marketing course overall!
Very good marketing approach! Loved the courses especially the week-five interviews! Amazing job! Thank you very much to the Coursera team and to Gabriele Troilo!
Great course, as a marketer I found it very beneficial to dive deeper into the specificity of creating marketing strategies for the Food and Beverage industries.
Had a very good overview of the system, from a business and academical point of views.Now, let's see how this will help me to achieve my goal in the HORECA world
I love this course. Is such easy to follow with all the examples, videos and extra
information they give you so you can follow and understand the course. LOVE IT
Very engaging material and heavy on Marketing, something traditional F&B Management is not exposed to this level. Very enjoyable lectures and great case studies.
Great course, great professor, great experience and a great team. I recommend that if you're passionate about learning, coursera is a great place to be. Cheers!
Very Insightful Course, Opened many venues of opportunities for F&B professionals. Great Reading, will keep on revisting the course material for implemenntation
Its a really great resource to learn and understand the market, organize your ideas and use as example the journey of other entrepreneur to achieve your GOALS
It was a great learning tool. The topics were well presented and discussed in details. Business cases are in real situations.Great Help Coursera!👍Thank You.
I really enjoy this course the content of each session was very complex. I’m satisfied. I wish to apply some of all this concepts in a real context of work.
Very nice overview of the managerial issues that can arise as part of a F&B buisnnes. Good and easy to understand concepts, matching with what is evaluated.
A very interesting course for all those who are interested in food science, food business management and who are planning to start your own food business.
It's a very interesting course, because sometimes we forget a lot of relevant aspects which ones are taught in this program. It was an amazing experience.
Excellent quality content, very specific and punctual. Even the way is recorded, edited and structured is great. I am very happy that I took this course
indeed a great course, relevant to the world of food sector.Extremely happy to find such course, will be looking forward for something like this.thanks
I enjoyed all the lessons and how the topic was addressed. The interviews and case studies presented were very interesting and exhaustively exposed.
Very informative and supportive course. Got a better hold on companies strategies and brands. Got to know lot of new ways to work with the company.
I have learnt new strategies and ways to implement them in the course of my work. Hopefully this course will help me in my future endeavors.
I loved it.Thank you very much.This content and the teaching of the Professor are amazing.I would like to learn even more about this topic.
Excellent course. I learn interesting  knowledge which is also relevant to my depart. this knowledge really helps me in my future business.
Excellent course, excellent tutor, learned a lot in Food & Beverage Management.Highly recommended for Food & Beverage service professionals
A wide material for more understanding the F&B operation, detailed with branding, marketing and innovation , competitors and global market.
Wider and very complete course; makes me want to apply to the master taught by Bocconi. I would make the quizzes a little more analyticals
A perfect course for my passion. Thank you Coursera and Bocconi University. For Professor Gabrielle Triolo your a living legend, Grazie!!!
Many of the most important ones are the proper rethinking of the importance of understanding marketing and its impact on the organization
what is satisfactory in all aspects, enriching my cultural background, which I will be able to use in my work as chef de rang, thanks
I really enjoyed this course! I work within the hospitality industry and will be implementing my knowledge into my work. Many thanks!
I enjoyed this course. The instructor is great. The videos are very alive. I learnt a lot.Thank you very much for this module.Bravo.
Very informative and thorough, the examples are great to follow. The professor is very passionate and clear in teaching the course.
Excellent structure of the course. Very professional Professor and Guests in the interviews. Really a great course! I enjoyed it.
This course helped me a lot to understand the business of F&B.  This will reflect in my Business Analysis and Consulting career.
Very interesting course, you review a huge range of aspect about of companies and products from a point of view of the marketing
very interesting and informative course of the basics you have to know about the management of the food and beverage industry
It is a great course full of valuable information I highly recommend this course for everyone seeking knowledge in this field
i am in content to have opted for this course. everything is explained so perfectly using visuals, examples amd interviews.
Very interested course I liked the most nd I got to know about fnb mangement which would be help in my future tq so much .
I'm very happy and satisfied about this course. The teacher Gabriele  is very nice and prepared. Thank you so much Manuel
It was amazing! The professor was great and the material was really easy to understand and rather interesting on a whole
Very interesting course with many opportunities to learn something new related to the F&B industry, really recommended!
I really liked this course as I haven't seen the content like this course ever regarding food and beverage management
Unfortunately need to purchase the certificate. Too bad. It should be free since this is free online course as well.
This course has completely changed my life and I’m absolutely great full to coursera and the university of Bocconi
This course was really helpful and developed my insight and knowledge on managing a food or a beverage industry.
excellent teaching. excellent use of examples. course is easy to understand and compliments to the instructors.
Excellent and very informative. Personal interviews with relative industry heads are a definite knowledge point
very useful course i have learned a lot of things even i am in management level but with this course is amazing
Great course! Enjoyed watching the video interviews, lectures and learning about the Food & Beverage industry.
Very interesting course. I liked a lot the interviews to some of the most famous food and beverage companies.
I really love the way sir teach the f&B management, it will going to helpful in my future. thank you so much
Excellent  Course,  thoroughly enjoyed and understood more about the Food and Beverages Business strategies!
Interesting and innovative; granting a marketing footprint, not only related to food and beverage business.
Very complete, not basic, every topic was interesting and the inverviews helped compliment what we learned
I loved the course, only throwback was that some shared video, pinterest links were not available anymore.
this course gave me intelect on how to deal with marketting as awhole in relation with food and bevrages
It's a really good course for anyone who wants to learn about markets in the Food & Beverage industry...
Thank you Gabriele Troilo for explaining the food and beverage marketing to me as it may help me future
Great course for anyone that wants to understand the very basic of F&B Management. Highly recommend it.
The course was very insightful and the interviews with current managers in the field were very helpful!
Fantastic course really well and easy explaned. My best regards to Mr. Troilo very competent Professor.
The course is well structured, the teacher impeccable, the contents enormously interesting. Thank you.
it was really informative especially for a food technologist or someone who works in the food industry
I very much enjoyed this course! It was challenging, inspiring, fun to watch and very well presented.
I loved the class, the teacher, the content, tests, everything. Very well created, so glad I did it!
Very good course. Strategic insights on the sector, together with real life managerial experiences.
Definitely an ideal course if you are interested in the food industry or want to start a business
A great refresher course if you're a marketer. A great way to start up your future job or career.
I learned a lot about Marketing of F&B business in detail. Thanks to the Professor and Coursera!
The course is really designed to reach any people for better understanding about F&B Industry.
Professor is engaging, gives great examples. Loved this course, it served as a good refresher
Professor is amazing: passionated, clear, deep in bringing you in such a fragmented business.
easy to follow and understand, complete and clearEach definition is complete and well defined
this course was very helpful and it has opened my mind more about food and beverage industry
It is a very complete course, I really feel happy that I took it. I highly recommend it!
Great Course! Loved the Way the Professor carried, useful for every Marketing Aspirers
I like this course thank you for giving me certificate in food and beverage management
Amazing course to learn basics of F&B world on strategies and management.thank you .
lot of new information and knowledge that generate good insights. Thank You so much
It's so much interesting course. I love this one.. I learn many things from there.
Very Helpful. The course help you to understand about food and beverage marketing.
Really interesting course with the right combination between theory and practice!
I learned a lot of relevant stuff related to manage food and beverage businesses
Very informative and very well explained, keeping in mind the modern job market.
It was ALL USEFUL!!!!THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THESE KIND OF COURSES.I LOVED IT!
This course is very helpful to me as a  student of nutrition and food sciencee
Fantastic Course! Thank you so much for giving us an opportunity to study it.
this course is extremely well done and structured!  It's pleasant to follow!
ONE OF THE BEST ENTHUSIASTIC TUTOR I HAVE EVER TAUGHT FROM. GOD BLESS HIM.
Really nice and informative course, im so happy that i found it, Thank you
so many new concepts, new values, and rules should follow  to get success
Very helpful course that helps understanding the marketing and management
Great help in the development of a big picture, with the accurate focus
Simply Amazing!! One of the best Courses available!! Thank you so much!
One of my favorite course.i really enjoyed it and i acquired knoweldge.
Great content, clear and concise. Looking forward to starting another.
Very updated with the current Food & Beverage trends around the world.
this was very useful course which gave lot of ideas for entreupreuners
I leant a lot about food and management ..this course helps me a lot
amazing course that will give you lots of information and knowledge.
Excellent course i learned a new way on Food and Beverage management
I love it! It’s was very informative I will continue in my journey.
So useful in terms of in professional life to make right movements
Very well structured, delivered in a delightful learning methods.
Excellent marketing course for the Food and Beverage Management.
it was a good course about food and beverage industry worldwide.
very informative and awsm course for aspiring food tech students
Very detail oriented specially is you are new in this industry.
Thsi course was very inforational and will help me in my career
Excellent course, learnt a lot, excellent teacher ! Thank you!
Great Course! A very interactive and relatable course indeed.
great course, well explain, great professor. very interesting
Fantastic course and I improve my skills. Thank you very much
Thank you for sharing all this knowledge! Continue like that!
Very informative & easy to understand-- Loved it... Cheers
very useful to me thank you coursera and thank you bocconi
Food and beverage course is very nice course and i like it
such informative knowledge of food and beverage management
Very  ice and interesting course. well done and thank you
Loved it- Very Relevant and Interesting Approach to F&B
Simple language helps to understand the concept easily.
this course is interesting and the explanation is clear
very well structured and informative. 100% recommended
Overall good and impressive with imperative knowledge
it was extraordinary experience for me.. thanks a lot
Wery well explained backed up by interesting examples
its helps me a lot to know about the f&b management
Very inspired and very much knowledge I have gained
Excellent course, direct and accurate information!!
Best for the one who is interested in F&B business!
Very interesting and full of contents and concepts
The course is well design for the F &B industry .
Got a awesome experience,got new things to learn
indeed an excellent course having  all aspects .
i will prefer to everybody, it is a nice course.
Wonderful course, in-depth teaching. Excellent.
Amazing course, really interesting and welldone
very first class course with top class teatcher
Very informative and exciting course. Thank you
I have learned a lot of this program Thank You
Excellent content with interesting interviews
Very good course with a knowledgable teacher.
Very stimulanting course, super suggested!
It is really knowledge and helpful course
One of the best courses I've ever had.
was a great course... thanks very much
It was delightful and helpful for me.
great course with thoughtful insights
Excelente choise, very easy to learn
Very likely and intresting lecture.
How can I have my free certificate.
the course is very helpful and easy
i learn lots of things from here
EXCELLENT COURSETHANKS COURSERA
An excellent course. Thank you
ACTUAL AND INTERESTIN! TO DO!
Itz easy to learn this course
Very useful and interessting
Interesting course it was.
iT WAS ANA AMAZING COURSE
just loved the course !
Its a beautiful course
Was great, Thank you.
Nice and good Courses
thanks for education
Amazing experience!!
Extremely satisfied
Learned very well
Simply Superb
Educational.
Very clever
Leadership
COMPLETE
