one of the most boring courses I have ever taken.....I had to force myself to finish it. the teacher is charismatic but the content is just theories and abstract ideas.....just blah blah blah
The quiz section is the most disgusting and boring part of this course.
very redundant and lacks diversity
Boring course that I ever seen
water on the mill
It was very difficult to complete. The lectures were too lengthy and quite boring. I think it can be made better
thank u so much coursera for Given me opportunity
It is quite interesting, but overall not very content heavy. It is a bit too much workshop style and lacking a bit the academic structure and content.
The integration of students ans alumni was distracting ans at some points unnecessary.
interesting course. But it was hard to tell that it was a business management course and leadership. Although interesting, everybody already knows how to lead a company. You  don't need a course for this. I guess this was useful in a way in order to treat your employees more humanely. Too many companies these days are too heartless and moneygrubbing.
The content drags and can be boring
Wonderful arrangment for learning.
I am an experienced International Manager but I found this course both reassuring and useful.  For parts I could find my own processes and thinking supported by the theory.  Even parts where I haven't formalized my thinking but 'kind of know it' was supported by the course,  This was very reassuring.  I also learnt a lot particularly in Networking and Conflict Management.  I hadn't previously considered the cultural impact in this respect.My only frustration (irritation) was the way the lecturer speaks with sentences ending with things like "if you please".  This adds nothing and sounds like a non-native English speaker trying hard to sound either smart of posh.  To a native English speaker it sounds irritating.  I even wonder if it makes comprehension of the course more difficult when English is challenging for a student.
This course is beneficial to my future employment and I learned a lot. I liked the way the course was structured, but some videos were too long, and some accents difficult to understand. However, that is good practice, as I do work in international environments. I do wish the host would not use too much of "so", it is very disturbing and also the pauses -eh, er, eh , er - are not pleasant. Overall, I have enjoyed the exercises and quizzes, as they assess what I have understood from each chapter. I look forward to joining more relevant courses on Coursera
Very effectively planned course. I appreciate the effort put in by Mr.Franz Wohlgezogen in bringing together different opinions that have added to the overall knowledge disseminated through this course. However, certain areas need deeper explanation and a slower pace of teaching as at times the course excavates interesting areas but does not delve into it adequately. This is especially applicable to week 4 and 5 of the course. Overall , a good course on international leadership. Commendable effort by the team!
Very enjoyable course, some problems with the starting of videos etc but content was very interesting. Bit slow to begin with and different from the other coursera course I have completed, the last two weeks were very useful and stimulating.  I will certainly use the skill learnt in my working (and home) life.
Well structured and organized, the course is clear and provides the necessary background to understand basic tools and techniques. The understanding of those will help to practice them in professional experiences and contributes for a more efficient implementation for long lasting results.
This is very helpful for the new managers who are working in global environment. I could able to understand different concepts. The examples, reference material and interactive sessions with other leaders are useful. Especially the instructor is engaging through
This course emphasis more on general communication problems faced by individuals and organizations in their day to day life. addresses all concepts related to conflicts and resolutions and several communication related issues and how to overcome them.
I found this course to be extremely interesting and beneficial, and directly relevant to my current work experience. It helped me reflect on my own processes as a team leader and I have begun planning improvements for the future.
I am learning a lot from the course about leadership qualities and communication across culture. The slideshow and reading material really helps with digesting and remembering some of the points made in the video.
One of the best online course I have attended.   If there was  thing that I would recommend to help leaders working in multicultural environment to manage their followers,  it would be this course..
The course structure is very well. I completed it within one week.  The course teacher describes different issues perfectly. These leadership skills definitely will help me in the future.
It is very good course I like it and get a high benefit, but I also wish if there were some examples about managing a conflict or encouraging a follower, thank you.
The course was a good refresher and had some very insightful segments as well!!Thanks and look forward to some more programs from SDA Bocconi...Warm regards,Vani
It was a good quality course. But i didn't feel the interest in practice tasks...Not even once. And I think it because of absence of mentors activity.
Instructor was speaking too fast. In some videos sound qualities were low otherwise contents were presented very well and really helpful Thanks
It was very interesting. The talking speed of the lectures is a bit too fast. Not for me to follow, but I´m sure others had issues.
I really enjoyed this course especially the questions in between videos to ensure participation. Overall, it was a good job.
The content is clear and it has helped me to have a better understanding on ways to handle expats within my company.
MaShaAllah zabardast course hai yar.........i have learned one main thing from this course and that is humanity.
it has been a great course! A lot of information about the topic and diverse and interesting videos!
The Course is a wonderful one. It opened my eyes to some requirements for international leader.
It is a very helpful training course for leaders and employees working in different geos.
high advanced vocabulary and very speak speed for non English speaker, but it is useful.
great course, learn so much about organisation and leadership
Nice course..Could be a little more interesting
Very good course, well based and structured!
Very detailed with practical scenarios.
very usefull to my upcomming  studies
Applicable to real life situation.
Really good and very informati
Really well developed. Thanks!
good course better lecture..
Good course, I learnt a lot
I completed this course while working abroad and I loved it. The course helped be to have a better understanding and respect for different cultures in life and in the work environment.Thank You!
I enjoyed this course from the beginning till the end. The psychological insight of the course was very valuable to me and helped me grasp many management-related concepts which were totally new to me. It was great to have an additional reading list full of TED Talks (Simon Sinek, Dan Ariely, Daniel Goleman) and engaging articles which give a new perspective on what has been discussed in the videos. The format of the course was also nice, Prof. Franz sometimes had discussions on a particular topic with Bocconi students (I particularly appreciated the Asian student's perspective), professors and alumni from all over the world. Many thanks to Prof. Franz, Bocconi University and Coursera for making this wonderful course available!
Wonderful! Wonderful course!  Very much to the point and with great 'real life' examples and interviews.  Great professor who went the extra mile to make this course not only interesting but entertaining as well. Everything is so well explained and feels interactive.  I download ed the syllabus as a go to book and planning on reading the suggested books!  The quiz questions were a bit confusing at times and they had a few spelling mistakes in them but that didn't take away from this great learning experience!  I am looking forward to take more classes by this professor.
Very interesting course. Alumni viewpoints, pop-up questions, and interactive dialogues all made the course more engaging. Each video was a good length for informational content and attentiveness.
I have learned many thingd in that Course.
LEADERSHIP JOURNEY GOES WORLDWIDEUndergoing this course was a mixed feeling of challenge and pride. Challenge because you had the opportunity to be mentored by such a brilliant professor, Franz Wohlgezogen. He's so adept at discussing the theories and problem-solving strategies that helped me in my leadership journey. The Bocconi alumni also shared substantially their knowledge and expertise, needless to say, the simulation displayed by them. From this course, Pride, because I had the chance to be one of the many who wants to be in this course,  I was able to learn, relearn, and unlearn the traditional strategies and more than motivated to share this with my teachers in my school I am assigned. MABUHAY!Thank you very much Coursera, it was indeed an opportunity to be one of the recipients of the scholarship grantees of University of Nueva Caceres and MAPUA University (Phils. most prestigious universities.) A certificate is more than enough to the learning and experiences I gained.
Basically iam a undergraduate student who is interested in learning administraion. so after taking up the course i got to know the future consequences of being a leader and solutions to handle it . And how to face the various types of  challenges that occur in an organization . And this course mainly focuses on HOW TO WORK WITH DIFFERENT CULTURED PEOPLE . which i like the most .And at last coflict management  is the best
I found this course really interesting and useful for working environment. There are a lot of insight earned during the course. The reading materials are also impressive - not just relying on the theoretical context. HBR articles are on the the best reliant sources at the moment and as a fan of Harvard deliverables, I am glad that the University put it as the references. The video is out of the box. Involving the alumni having important position in mutlinational companies is a smart idea. The lecture is not just imposing to the academic literatures but also to best professional practices from the industries. Well done and keep the good work for the teaching lecturer! I will be very interested to participate in other courses from Universita Bocconi.
I found this course very insightful with great value in developing international and intercultural leadership acumen, transnational approach to leadership, understanding in deep how cultural differences influence people's thinking and behavior in relation to communication, motivation, conflict resolvement, etc.  I liked the manner in which Franz presented information, not to mention that participation of Bocconi students, lectures and Bocconi Alumni with their real life examples and insights  were of the utmost value for me (especially Giovanni Ciserari, P&G). Actually I'd be happy to see the second part of this course, or take part in other courses by SDA Bocconi.
This course is very professional, I recommend it. It is an excellent starting point to further explore these topics which are of great help to reflect for those who work in leadership contexts.
True to its global prestige, the University of Bocconi and the course Professor, had really been able to deliver the course on ILOB in the most realistic, appropriate, interactive  and competent ways. Its instructional materials, development exercises and modular assessments are well-researched and -designed to really ensure cross-cultural learning, communications and cooperation. At the same time, the course design and activities also facilitates for re-assessments and -realizations of the students functional knowledge and skill sets on leadership and management. The SDA Bocconi's Responsible Leadership Self Assessment and Report is also very sensible and helpful to young leaders like me, who want to improve myself further. Thank you so much, University of Bocconi, SDA Bocconi and Asst. Professor Franz Wohlgezogen for investing in our generation of next global leaders!
I am really happy to have used this time of the covid to deepen these topics that follow part of my previous degree course. I hope this will increase my versatility as a leader, improve my relationship skills and the way I communicate. During these months of difficulties due to the virus, I have tried to not lose the motivation and the will that has always guided me, and I am happy to have learned some management tools for the next challenges that I hope will arrive soon. Having the intention of becoming an entrepreneur in a foreign country, there are many aspects to consider, and thanks to this course I had a roadmap to deal with both cultural and operational differences. The materials provided are absolutely valuable and I am sure I will come back to read and review them often. SDA Bocconi really has excellent courses.
This was an amazing course and I have learned so much from it. The best thing about it was the way it was organised and planned, each module takes place in a different form and situation, sometimes a dialogue, sometimes a discussion, sometimes at the university, other time in a gym, so it kept the spirit of the course interesting and always brought something new to its participants. The lecturer was really good, he knew how to present the knowledge in a fun, applicable way and always gave us different examples and sources from where we could learn a lot more about the topic in hand. Thank you for the experience it was very interesting and useful.
I found this course very useful and organized. I am in the beginning of my career and this course helped me understand the basics of working with different cultures and behaviors.  I found the powerpoint slides very insightful and helped me review and understand the material more in depth. I highly recommend this course for a person that is just started working in a global company and recent graduate, as it can help one fully understand the outcomes/behaviors or different individuals when working for a big organization. Furthermore, I would have like a lot more cases or real life projects as a  Organizational Development Consultant.
I found this course very insightful with great value in developing international and intercultural leadership acumen, transnational approach to leadership, understanding in deep how cultural differences influence people's thinking and behavior related to communication, motivation, conflict, etc. I liked  Franz presented information, not to mention that participation of Bocconi students, lectures, and Bocconi Alumni with their real-life examples and insights were of the utmost value for me (especially Giovanni Ciserari, P&G). I'd be happy to see the second part of this course or take part in other courses by SDA Bocconi.
Hi there! I would like to express my
sincere gratitude to the Bocconi University team and especially to Dr. Franz
Wohlgezogen for the International Leadership and Organizational Behavior
course. I passed this course and my grade is 86.80% - not bad for me. At the
course, I have gotten a basic theory, many scientific methodologies of research
in this field of knowledge, and problem solving strategies in the area of
management.Many of my practical skills have
received theoretical background, they have been organized and systematized by
received scientific educational material.Thank you and Love you all!!!!
I have learnt many important factors when undergoing this course titled "International Leadership and Organizational Behavior" and it was indeed a learning experience when doing my Leadership Development Assignments of this course. I strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to establish themselves as "Effective International Responsible Leaders". I sincerely thank SDA Bocconi School of Management, The course Instructor Prof.Franz Wohlgezogen, Department of Management and Technology and Course Era for the quality of structured content of the course. Thank You. - Dr.A.Narasima Venkatesh.
This course was really above my expectations. I had already done another course at Bocconi and it was amazing, but this one was really great for my professional moment. I really enjoyed every class. In this course I could remember and learn better topics I have already studied at college and in my postgraduate course and also learn new things, as leadership principles and challenges, approaches to understand organizational culture and so many others. I strongly recommend this course to anyone else who want to learn more about leadership and organizations in general.
Coming from an engineering field, and working with a multi-cultural organization, I learned several aspects of my own personal approach  in dealing with individuals and groups both in formal and personal settings. I better positioned to understand my own and potentially others' interactions that are based on or influenced by automatic cultural values and subconscious understandings. I can certainly use the knowledge on a daily bases in the work. Definitely recommend the course to those who would like to know more about other and their own behaviors.
I have really enjoyed the course and appreciated the work performed by Franz Wohlgezogen and his colleagues to make this course happen. There are multiple great insights and frameworks that have enabled and improved my thinking about leadership in general and in an international context. As an inspiring leader, I realised that working in this role is a complex multifaceted undertaking and the international context makes it even more challenging. At the same time, international leadership is an exciting and promising direction to develop in.
A thought-provoking perspective on how to operate as a transnational leader in a global context. Touching on key concepts, including the principles of leadership, navigating cultures, using communication to create bridges, motivating followers, the power of social networks and managing conflict. Generally the content offered a good balance of theory and practical elements, along with supporting materials to enhance the overall takeaway. Superb effort and will refer to notes and content to continue developing these competencies. Thank you.
I loved this course! It is very well taught and mentored by Franz Wohlgezogen. I was very skeptical about taking this course at first as I am not currently placed in an inferior geography for work and therefore wasn't able to picture its relevance. But, the moral and theoretical application of the course teachings is very apt even for a local environment for work. I would recommend this course to anybody who wants to understand the thought process of leaders and to imbibe the global ideologies of organizational behavior.
Definitely recommended. I have to admit that the course exceeded my expectations. The structure of the course was really clear and the influence of cross-cultural communication in an international context was pointed out in every session. Aditionally, the videos vary from group discussions, to real-world best practices and theoretical models, so it does not get boring. I want to thank the Bocconi Univeristy and Franz Wohlgezogen that they invested the time to make this course interesting and diversified.
This course is divine! The team really put everything into making the idea of cultural navigation digestible: discussion group settings, interviews with alumni and professors, funny bits, case studies with real cases-- it's the complete package. I will always go back to the course materials when I need guidance on management in an intercultural setting, even in my local one! I resolve to foster responsible leadership culture with my followers as well. Thank you, Università Commerciale Luigi Bocconi!
Good course to stimulate your thoughts on international leadership and cross culture communication, aspirations and conflicts,. Covered the motivation and conflict resolution topics to a certain extent but is fair considering the duration of the course. Franz was amazing with clear cut thoughts and making things simpler for everyone to understand (thinking of regular courses now). Many videos can be shortened as they are repeating the points. Links are amazing and I will watch one TED talk everyday.
It is a five star course. When I signed up I thought it might be interesting but it gives more than I expected. The style of the course is really great and easy to follow. I am working across cultures as a leader and although I know a few things about the subject it can still give me deeper understanding and a better overview as well. I wish this course would have been available when I started my international position, I might have avoided some mistakes. Still it is not too late to learn:-)
Very interesting course, Prof Franz is very clear and always stimulating to think at your role in an international framework to which you are not very familiar with, however giving right advices on how to move avoiding some  pitfall.  Very nice  sections on research and the tips coming from the interviews to the  professionals involved, so yeah, thanks a lot, I feel to suggest this course to others.  Best regards Pierluigi Dentale
This is one of most intriguing courses that I have done so far. Kudos to Instructor Franz and the team. The learning was pleasurable, balanced and gave a fantastic experience while imparting the knowledge on the ILOB topics. The best thing I like about this course is the interweaving of multiculturalism in all the topics of discussion which made it more practical and enjoyable. Thanks and I would highly recommend this course.
This course is led in a very professional way, still with a sprikle in the eye which keeps your attention always high. I highly appreciated the course structure, with different people contributing, different settings and a very effective class lenghts. The content itself gives a wide perspective on the subject, and the material includes also extensive links to additional material for further reading. Very highly recommended!
This course truly contributed to my personal development. It provided valuable knowledge through scientific frameworks and practical cases. I learned the relevance of being a responsible leader in an intercultural environment, as well as the importance of valuing and cultivating relationships in both my professional and personal lives. This course is an excellent investment and a great intellectual stimulator!!
This course was really useful for my personal insights due to move to another country for living, and also for my master thesis, which is connected with cross-cultural communication. I would strongly recommend this course for everyone out there.. the world is becoming more and more interconnected, so we need to learn to better communicate with everyone on this planet. Excellent course for that! Thanks a lot!
Such useful course  not only for being international leader, it's also useful and imoprtant for anyone's life especially if he's living abroad. Amazing teacher that keeps you active all the time, and that motiveted me to finish the course within 5 days. All the significant elements for a complete course are there, great teacher, real leaders' interviews and experiences , clever quizzes questions. Thank you
An enriching course from which I learned a lot about leadership, more specifically, international leadership, and how it relates with an organization. It also taught me a lot- although, I'm sure we were only given the basics (but that was very enlightening already) about culture and its interactions in human relationships and leadership. Thank you for making it available and for free on Coursera.
This was practical, concrete and yet extremely insightful course. It goes beyond what we all think is important for international leadership. It gives practical things that you can apply immediately. I loved the format of interviews, cases, interactions with all kinds of alumni and members of the university. It was really outstanding! Thank you very much and all the best in expanding this further
Wonderful course and the instructor has used many different ways to drive the point for better understanding. I have learnt a great deal from this course and i also get the feeling that i m just scratching the surface. I look forward for the courses from Bocconi.  Thanks a lot for the wonderful course and I am sure that this is course is going to create a great impact in my career and life.
This was an excellent course.  The delivery was engaging and well presented and the concepts covered provided a fascinating insight in to the impact of international cultures on all aspects of organisational interaction and behaviour.  There was an excellent mix of academic models, case study discussion and real life examples from international leaders.  I thoroughly enjoyed participating!
Extremely useful and interesting course. It gave me more insights on effective communication, cultural understanding, motivation and conflict management. It will surely have a positive impact both on my professional and private experience. The lessons are well structured. Professor Franz Wohlgezogen is an outstanding professional and teacher, always very clear and entertaining.
This was a wonderful course and I have learned so much from it. The way it was organised and planned was the best thing about it. The lecturer was really good, he knew how to present the knowledge in a fun, applicable way and always gave us different examples and sources from where we could learn a lot more about the topic in hand. Thank you so much it was very useful for us.
Very informative and interesting. The professor of the course taught in a way that engaged me in the course and made me want to learn more.  I would recommend this not only to a person who wants to learn about organizational leadership but to anyone who is interested in group work and developing a sense of how individuals or a group works, communicates or resolves conflicts.
I really appreciated the course. Lessons are study material are of very good quality. I saved them and I am sure I will go thrugh them again and again. After a couple of weeks I already started to pay attention to details in my behavior with international contacts that I was not considering before. I liked the focus on netwrok a low as well as the conflic resolution week.
The  course  is  quite  helpful  in todays  context  of  globalization  where  you have to  interact  with  cross  cultural behaviors  and  work  values  it gives  good  insight  with  case studies  ,However  it  would be  more  helpful if there  is  live  examples  of  role  play  not  just  descriptive but  also  like in real term  as  an example to  relative directly.
Really loved the course and learnt a lot. Thanks to Assistant Professor Franz Wohlgezogen for giving this MOOC a wonderful structure. Thanks to Università Bocconi and all the others who contributed in making the last 6 weeks very engaging and interesting. Hope to be an alumni of this prestigious institute one day and share my learning with the future generations :)
It´s been really interesting and easy to follow. I have enjoyed all the readings videos and I have got quite a lot of information to be read and followed from now on. The topics are very well explained and presented so that even a person out of the business world can fully understand it all. A very good approach, a good practice for what they preach :) Grazie!
This course gives you a theoretical understanding of leadership in transcultural teams or followers. It helps you understand the importance of motivation, engagement, networks and conflict resolution strategies a leader should work on when dealing with a transcultural teams. I really enjoyed it! thank you so much for giving us access to such amazing material.
it wat the first course i manage to complete and i'm very exitied about that! Nevertheless i found this course very helpful and even though my current job has nothing to do with leadership or something intercultural i was actually pleased to learn all this  and i will definitely start to use them when i finally work on this field-which i would like to do.
Professor Franz Wohlgezogen delivers this course with excellence and precision, as well as making it interesting and interactive. He is an engaging and charismatic teacher and seems to be able to cater to several learning styles. The content, delivery and layout of materials is such that the student is well supported through to success.I highly recommend.
A very complete overview of the main pillars of International Leadership. The participation of many Bocconi alumni was really effective in order to exemplify how these concepts are applicable in the everyday life of an international leader or of a manager in a multicultural organization. Last but not least, a very kind and effective professor and host.
It is a nice introductory course. It provides insight to many leadership qualities. It also  provides exposure to many common challenges and solutions to the scenarios in international arena. There are links to many resources for further exploring the leadership qualities which provide additional information. Overall  it is a money well spent course.
This course is my first window to how the corporate culture and international leadership really work, as I come from a Technical/Natural sciences background. You can gain a lot of insight into Leadership (especially on an international level), Principles of managing people, Working in a multicultural setting, and much more. Strongly recommend.
Very good course.  Instructor is very effective, very clear and show great and contagious interest on the material; interactive sessions with market practitioners well designed and delivered for max understanding.  I recommend it to anyone that needs an intro to multicultural leadership but especially to young professionals with "big dreams".
This is an excellent course that helps us to
understand how our leadership has a deep impact in our followers and how
intercultural relation will make us to manage situation inf different
ways. I want to thank to Frantz and Bocconi
for this well-structured course and all the knowledge that I completely sure I
will use in my daily work life.
It was an amazing experience. Excellent course and opportunity to keep learning about leadership and organizational behavior. Great course and the Professor Wohlgezogen was clear and targeted the most important and relevant information about the topic. Thank you all professor and staff members. Regards from Tijuana, México.
This course is a fantastic, comprehensive learning experience that teaches you so much about Cross-cultural Leadership and OB with real-life examples and crystal-clear theories. I thoroughly enjoyed the curriculum and am grateful for the insights that I have received from this course. Thank you, Bocconi and Coursera!
Knowledge is the power of success as this course contribute a loot to develop future as well as making master of your self The teacher and the University it self have a outstanding course and inicative to develop me I recommend you to please do this course Once again I thank franz wohlgezogen and bocconiThank you
I did enjoy the course and the way it was set up, including the case scenarios, the real life interview and the additional reading materials. It was a nice discovery journey, which has helped me a lot to think to my strengths and weaknesses while learning more about leadership. And I did love Franz jokes :D:D:D
Excellent course. I strongly suggest everyone regardless of their academic or professional status to take a look at this course. It really helps to broaden your perspective on leadership. I enjoyed every lecture and the structure it has with, lectures, slides, and quizzes make it feel real and accomplishing.
Really great course that require consistency and out of box thinking. I’m absolutely sure that now I have more clear ideas and new tips how to manage an international team. I can recommend it to everyone who work in foreign country and not only, to open new prospectives and to be ready to meet any challenge.
I learned a lot about managing an international team. I learned to motivate followers and motivation methods. I learned about the motives and effects of social culture. I learned to build social networks and their types. I learned about conflict management, discord, conflict culture and painful leadership.
I really enjoyed attending this course. It went beyond my expectations. Prof Franz is great to bring you through this "leadership" journey, full of very useful and inspirational tips. Also very interesting the dialogues with the Bocconi Alumni. It gave me a new leadership perspective. I recommend it.
Great course materials. Message was easily transformed through video lecturers. Highlight of the course is  it involves lot of cases studies and interviews from experts from particular department. This course will definitely benefit in our career growth and helps in to develop leadership qualities.
The navigation and learning  through this course was clear and understandable. Provided me with a quality information and something I can use in my real world future career. I loved the videos as they were very interesting, informative and with a bit of humour that made the learning more enjoyable!
What a wonderful and insightful course. It was very informative, educational and dynamic. The instructor did a great job explaining all the concepts and keeping all the guest speakers engaged. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in growing both professionally and personally!
So much wonderful information packed in this 6-week course. The instructor is exceptional at communicating the course material in ways that are easy to grasp and retain. I learned a lot from this course and recommend it to anyone interested in broadening their perspective on leadership.
It is a very exhaustive and engaging course that captures most nuances of IL&OB. Professor Franz is adept at engaging the audience through not only his lectures but has stitched up a very nice combination of lectures, case studies and interviews. I would highly recommend this course!
This course is a delight. Method of instruction involves a lot of conversation style and group discussion type channels, along with the traditional lectures, and its well thought out, well assembled, well delivered without being very heavy to absorb. Thanks for putting this together.
I loved it. I study international relations and i think everyone studying this major should also take this course. It will strenghten your leaadership skills, your understanding of people and organizational behavior, and will help you in your career in general. Thank you so much!
Very relevant modules for any international organization where you might be working in a leadership team. The quantity of work was completely manageable, and the compilation of additional readings and resources proved to be very interesting. I would highly recommend this course!
This course is really good and triggered a lot of ideas in my mind. I've been through different conflicts in my work because of cultural differences but I am more prepared to deal with all those situations. I would suggest just a higer volume/audio quality for the videos.Thanks
Amazing faculty. I'm very impressed by his teaching style, made it so easy for me to grasp the concepts without searching on multiple sources. A very detailed and planned way of rendering insight towards the whole course and it was a great, great experience. Thank-you so much.
Exhaustive coverage of International cultural standards and its application.  Host Communication, presentation of facts, slides, key pointers are high standard.  I recommend this to my friends too.a strong network covering different countries perspective and applicability
I would like to pay my gratitude to both the coursera team and University of Bocconi (Franz Wohlgezogen) for providing me an opportunity to learn and widen my horizon of knowledge. It was a great learning experience and I completed the whole course in a matter of 10 days.
Excellent content that can be used daily in an international organization. The course allowed me to improve my negotiation skills and manage different points of view using the technical concepts offered by the International Leadership and Organizational Behavior class.
This course provides such a different perspective on the types of relationships we foster. I really do appreciate the interactive way in which the lecturer conveyed his material. I would definitely recommend this course to everyone whose willing to get out of the box!
the course is very informative and interactive. It show leadership from multiple standpoints and and offer variety of materials: including ted talks or application of theories in the practical cases. The way lecturer talks is very approachable and easy to comprehend.
Thanks so much for this interesting and useful course. I learned alot from the course. There are many things that I did not aware of. I hope that I can use these knowledge in my daily life to improve my relationship and leadership performance. Thanks again.
Thanks to my teacher. It was wonderful experience to learn about leadership and organizational behavior. Everything was perfect the content, the way sir explained the topics. Once again thank you Sir. In Hindi I would like to show my respect "Pranam Sir"
The complex subject was approached by the skilled and knowledgeable instructor in a respectable fashion. The organization of the material made it easy to apply to daily communications, and to build upon the skills from one week to the next. Well done!
I really liked this course .  Course  is full of information and their practice,so it is beneficial . However, teacher speaks a little bit fast and i think  this case is root of his nationality :) Anyway it is not a big problem.Thanks for everything!
When I join this course not thinking it would give more internal inlighment. This course is desined very nicely. Special thanks to Prof Franz Wohlgezogen who has teach me through this course. Thank you aother guests whose participated in discussion.
I found this course very interesting, a good teach that keeps your attention along all the videos, with a lot of external material (papers, videos, web page) useful to improve your knowledge. Thanks to all the people that have worked on this course.
One of the best courses I had in Coursera: realistic, smart, sourceful. Especially appreciated Mr. Wohlgezogen not reading from a screen like a robot as most online courses' instructors do. Great tips for professional life. Strongly recommended :)
Very interesting course which delves into the main issues related to international leadership providing a wide range of techniques, strategies, and examples to strenghten leadership attitude. I found it easy to follow, compelling and empowering!
Exceptional teaching approach by prof. Wohlgezogen. I especially liked the real-life examples, talks with Bocconi alumni and students as well as the pop-up key information. I'm taking away a great deal of knowledge on International Leadership!
As retired Hotel Director having workrd in several countries , various cultures and different continents, I ralated well to the lectureres. I brought back a lot of experiences and definitivelly increased my knowledge and enriched my experience
This course precise the whole leadershıp knowledge to finalize at a point that '' how an affective leader should be'' this course can proof an excellent guidance for those who are new and also for those already practicing in leadership career.
I loved the course, the professor has a very clear way to make himself clear about every aspect of leadership. I'm grateful with him because each video was super well prepared. I learned a lot and I know this is going to help me in my career.
The content was fantastic. The way that the professor conduct the course was very didactic. All the scenarios and examples were very useful and for sure made great insights in order to follow this hard theme that is International Leadership.
This is really good course I ever learned. Because in this course I got more knowledge about Industry & Culture. I learned how culture affects our communications etc. thank you for given me this opportunity to take this course.
This is an excellent concise course for International Leadership, gives you a detailed perspective of some very valuable tools to approach other leaders and or people that you may be dealing with on an International platform.
Even when I work as a leader and with leadership development for many years, I have learnt a lot during this course. Many insights and models that can lead to very interesting discussions. Thanks a lot for sharing! Great job!
This was a very enriching course. I can trace the set of skills and thoughts that I've developed through this course. It has been very efficiently taught and the learning is just effortless, thanks to the course coordinator.
I found this course very informative, insightful and well organized; very useful also for people having "some" years of work experience to whom may open new perspectives.Congratulation to the professor for an excellent work.
Great content! I reallly enjoyed the explanations and the examples. Besides, the videos are funny and easy to follow and the teacher and all the participants are very clear and concise.I absolutely recommend it to everybody
Such an amazing course and such a big chance to learn from Mr. Wohlgezogen himself. I've learned not only the theoretical fundamentals of ILOB but also I've learned how to use them in my daily life. Thank you Bocconi!
I just completed Week 1 but this course brings together all information I have been reading about leadership. I love the explanations, research information, and extra links and resources offered. Thank you so much!!!!
Great course overall and very well articulated! Would have appreciated more examples and case studies to illustrate the theories sometimes but it doesn't affect the general experience and understanding of concepts.
very insightful session on international leadership context, relationship management, conflict management, networking strategies, cultural challenges and approaches to manage it. Thank you for a wonderful session
Really useful for professionals who work in an international environment. There are many things I've learnt from this course, but I'd like to point out the "Conflict Resolution" part.I would recommend this course
Adds a good value in your bank of knowledge. It triggers as a start point to go on and start building the things based on the course rather than dictating 'the best theory' . Thanks for the providing the course.
This course is designed in a wonderful manner.  I learnt a lot of new things such as conflict management and how to be a good leader. I suggest students enrol for this course and learn organizational behaviour.
I really enjoyed this course. I liked learning about all of the real-life experiences versus just textbook explanations and I think it is more practical and useful to people who are already in the field.
Great course, there is so many valuable and profound subject which could be crucial to the efficiency in a local and multinational workplace. The instructor is great as well. Glad I took this course. :)
Enjoyed it very much. Franz is a great speaker and gave insight in a very pedagogical manner. He's a speed talker though, so I had trouble going above 1.5 playback speed :). Great infographics as well.
Great job! You've done a huge job! A lot of speakers, interesting guests/cases/conversation in groups. Presentation are full of info! well structured, vivid and useful! Thank you for your effort!
Very well structure, well thought and well curated. I found it very insightful and helpful. It is in tandem with today's need for developing leadership skills and holistic management techniques.
First of all, thank you so much; It has been the best course for me so far. It will not only help me with my MBA but also being an open, collaborative person in all area of my life. THANK YOU.
Great course from end to end! Really interesting topics covered. Unlike other management courses on this platform it didn't just touch the surface on topics but also provided concrete examples
The course fairly combines plausible theories with real-life practices. Surely it is a wonderfully constructed and well informing course throughout my entire experience. 100% recommended!
It was just amazing: a very clear and effective course for everyone who wants to improve his/her leadership skills (in a national or international sense). I really recommend this course!!
It is one of the very interesting courses I have done and I have learned a lot through this.I personally thanks to all the Bocconi team who is involved in the preparation of this course.
its great and very useful course ,I can easily learned from all topics and videos the why describe each and small ideas which sometimes people forgot that create big mistake in future .
Loved the way the course is structured and delivered by faculty of Bocconi. Thank you for making this an enjoyable course with a lot of insights and examples to understand the material.
very informative and relevant course contents.  Recommended for any professional who aspires to manage cross-cultural teams and become a people champion in getting best out of the team
It was difficult at first to grasp the concepts that Bocconi University was trying to impart but the short lectures and transcripts made it a whole lot easier to revise and refer to.
Excellent course, well organised and structured, a very talented trainer. The best online course I have ever had. It confirms the excellent reputation of Bocconi management school.
Brilliant course! Well structured and presented. I've been an expatriate in Asia and Middle East for 8 years and I wish I could have studied this before I started. Well done Franz!
I think it is a 
really useful course and is very well focused not only to lead groups 
and companies in an international environment but in the local 
environment, congratulations
It has been a great experiences. I never thought this course would be teaching like this, really really way above organization and contents.  Thank you Frez and all stakeholders !
I loved the course. I'm pretty sure that it'll help me in the future. Concepts were revised and a lot of new topics were covered in detail with proper case studies and examples.
This course provides great insights into international leadership and organizational  behaviour, presenting a number of theories and focusing on the intercultural perspective.
Meet the moment- lean in and explore perspectives on leadership. Increase your experience related to cultivating and investing in your networks! Good tools for the tool belt!
I am realy thankfull to the exceptional teacher, Franz. Franz has made my porpose clearly and now i realy wanna engage or to be international leader. THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!!
This course gives me the opportunity to learn better about the intrinsics of human behavior in all aspects of its lives but overall at the workplace. Well done structured!
Excellent! The course is very well designed and the teacher has a very light but thoughtful way that helps a lot the learning process. The videos and readings are amazing!
A well paced, thoughtfully delivered course designed to enlighten and enhance the leadership qualities and perspectives of future leaders and company employees. Excellent!
Very relevant course about leadership, covering important areas and providing a lot of examples which make the abstract information juicy and easily digestible. Thank you!
It's an impressive course with impeccable delivery by Franz. Methodology used in the program is effective and puts management theories in more contemporary perspective .
Great course with great materials to drive improvement in leadership skills, thank to Bocconi for this great International Leadership and Organizational Behavior MOOC.
I loved this course and how it had representatives from many cultures. The videos were interesting and engaging and the work was minimal with lots of learning done
Very much enjoyed the course - a full curriculum with many interesting and thought provoking discussions.  I particularly enjoyed the case studies from the alumni.
A fantastic introduction to the roles and responsibilities of leaders. I highly recommend this course if you're interested in an introduction course to leadership.
Very interesting course I enjoyed it very much Mr. Franz is a great speaker. This course make me more understanding and respect about different culture in life.
In few words, an open window to the challange that every leader has to face. It gives very important tools and milestone, to encode tricky and complex context.
Very interesting approach to the subject- I really liked the discussions with professionals, who shared their practical approach to management and leadership.
A great course in International Leadership and Organization Behaviour!  i enjoyed it a lot.  The instructor is very strong with excellent presentation skills
An outstanding intro to discovering cultural diversity and the impact on leadership style and principles. Very well taught and including real life examples.
practical and easy to understand. solid information from not just an instructor, but of real-life supervisors/managers/leaders as well. so glad I signed up!
Great approach to leadership roles as nowadays is required, useful insights from high level leaders and excellent pace during the course. Congratulations!
The course materials and the virtual class room lectures of video are of very high quality standards. Thanks coursera for a wonderful learning experience!
Extraordinary material. The best content of all. Loved it! This is a course that i would do over and over again and never get tired. Wonder full course!
The Lecturer and the course materials, the pop up quizzes as well as pool questions helped me to understand the material easily and apply the concepts.
I greatly appreciated the various tool tip that focused the arguments and also the non-verbal expressive ability of the various guests and the teacher
Very interesting course, I am happy to choose this course because i learnt alot, the Instructor was realy good in explaination. Thanks to Bocconi👍🏼
The instructor IS MY FAVORITE PERSON IN THE WORLD. Lowkey only did the whole course because of his energy AND OFCOURSE, THE HILARIOUS NATURE OF HIS!
Very challenging and a lot of theories - I will have to go through the deck of slides again and make better notes.Learned a lot - thank you, Franz!
Really interesting! Although I have had involvement in most of the topics, the instructor put some good points together. Did I learn? Yes.Thank you
This course is very helpful for the students who wants to learn leadership skills and international leadership. This course is very to understand.
A very insightful and systematic approach to issues on trans-cultural leadership encompassing both theoretical aspects and practical case studies.
An exciting course that offers knowledge on the subject of Organizational Leadership in the modern business environment. Definitely worth the try!
I really recommend this course. The contents are very interesting, the teacher is clear, the content is useful and applicable in the real life.
The teaching style of  is very impressive . And the thing which i like most is his friendly nature and frankly teaching style.thankyou so much
Extremely interesting and helpful to improve leadership skills especially by linking the course with past and present personal experiences.
A fantastic course that I have thoroughly enjoyed participating it from start to finish!  Thank you very much for all of the many insights.
Very Good training. Well structured. Documentation slides are also very complete and useful. I recommended all new but also senior leaders
The Professor delivers the course in a very lively and professional manner.  He is by far the best professor that teaches online course
Thank you for the course. It is very useful for my current work in alumni relations, where I need to manage international stakeholders.
Excellent program structure and content provided  Also very valid SDA Bocconi alumni's interviews and link to articles and bibliography
This course was very informative and It has covered all the relevant topics of International leadership and organizational Behavior.
Well presented with easy to grasp ideas and videos were of very high quality. Well done! Am proud to have taken this course with you
Great course for people starting on leadership and for people currently managing multicultural teams or teams in different countries
Franz, as well as all alumni and students in the video are fantastic and super professional. Never have doubt to enroll this course!
This course has helped me analyse and understand where my skills stand compared to the competitive environment of the organisation.
Very well put course with Industry relevant knowledge and interactions from some of the Industry leaders. Great interactive course
Two weeks into the course and it's already blown me away with how much information is out that and how important this subject is.
very crisp and beautifully designed and delivered.The background is inspiring too and the interviews with the alums make it real.
Great course in content aspects an the video design is purely discussion-based, which give help to build more practical approach
This course was greatly organized and very well implemented to deal with complex theories and their development. Very well done
Excellent course! Very informative and easy to follow. I am thinking of pursuing this field and this has helped tremendously!
I really enjoyed this course and appreciated the conversational format it used to convey the material.  Definitely recommend!
I learned through that course how to lead a leader in a hostile environment.Very helpful Instructor and SDA Bocconi alumni .
Extremely balanced and nuances are very well taught employing all the 3 modes of learning. Kinesthetic, auditory and visual.
It was my first online learning experience and I learn great insights about international leadership skills from this course
This course was not only enriching, but delighting. I genuinely mean when I say that it was a true delight. Congratulations!
Dear SirI would like to thank you to teach us in a such wonderful Technics and tools used to teach organizational behaviour
Instructor was FUN and made online classes very enjoyable. Lots of real world applications to the material in this course!
I am extremely grateful to your courses which helped me lot in accomplishing my subject.thanks a lot and keep moving ahead
I really enjoyed this course. It is totally a subject oriented course, giving a clear and deeper Insight into the topics.
Greatly packaged, with experiential learning approach. Well coordinated and presented. Thank you for such a Sterling job.
Such a fantastic course, more informative and practical. Sure every leader in the world should go throw it at least once.
Great course with practical examples that allow students to easily see the course concepts through their own career lens!
Very interesting topics, excellent and effective learning method. Suggested for those who want to work internationally.
Another excelent course from Bocconi, very useful for a day-to-day and covers important aspects of leadership behavior.
Congratulations! Perfect course: topics, material, videos, explanations, clearness, optional readings and organization!
Fantastic - very intellectually stimulating in this lockdown of Coronavirus. Well done - highly recommend this coruse.
Amazing course with a lot of brainstorming ideas and knowledge which will definitely help in the professional career
Very
interesting and useful course, great practical and research cases, thank you so
much, Prof. Franz Wohlgezogen!
Excellent course with a great and well learned lecturer. Very practical and theoretical balance. I've learnt a lot!
Best leadership course ever!! I think all leaders should take it, even if you are preparing for future leadership.
The instructor communicated the main message in a concise and effective manner. I learned a lot from this course.
Great course, content-wise but also in terms of delivery (lots of variation making it entertaining). Thank you!
As someone who is planning a career in an international setting, this was extremely informative and practical.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course a lot and felt that I got a lot out of it. It was well-paced and structured.
Learnt a lot about cross-cultural interactions and organisational behaviour. Will highly recommend to anyone.
In my top two courses i've ever taken on courser. It's just keep better and better towards the entire course.
Awesome presentations and content. The instructor was very relatable and made understanding a little easier.
Excellent course and very nice methodology of rendering the course thorough dialogues instead of monologues.
very well explained! pronunciation is clear and easy to do quizzes! enjoying every bit of it :) thank you !!
Great course, well paced was really helpful to me in understanding the cultures of different organisations.
Very useful course, instructor is sharp and well focused, never boring, and full of suggestions.Thank You!
Thank You!  I enjoyed the course as it provided workable frameworks towards becoming an effective leader.
Thank you so much for giving free and fantastic learning experiences. I am very much grateful for that.
It was a fun show, I really benefited from sharing scientific and practical experiences
Thanks to all.
Excellent and very interesting; could apply many things I learnt in this course to improve my career.
Really useful and helped to know more about the international leadership and organizational behavior.
Thank you for the opportunity provided. I am happy about the quality of it and of the lecturer too.
Very good overview of various elements that are essential to manage in an international environment
This course provided the frameworks that I needed to take a step forward in leadership. Thank you.
I like the unconventional style of teaching, it makes the course much easier to grasp. Great Work!
Really a great course to get insights about leadership and how to develop it. Highly recommended!
Great course, very well structure and deployed.Thanks you very much for your effort in making it!
Assistant Professor Mr. Franz Wohlgezogen you are the best. Thank you so much for your efforts to
excellent exposed in a very dinamic way. all the explanations and topics were easy to understand
This course helped me to learn various types of skills of leadership and how we can use them .
Practical approach, with case studies and many useful additional material. Nice teaching metho
Amazing course to learn if you are working or you want to work in a international environment!
Thank you! The course was really inspiring and covered many different aspects of leadership.
Excellent course! Recommended to every one that wants to strengthen its Leadership behavior.
Very useful training, very well done, organized and very inspiring. I enjoyed every lesson!
Simply Brilliant Very well presented and really engaging. Thanks for sharing the knowledge.
I learned so many things about leadership from this course. Thank you soooo much for this.
This is excllent Course to understand the Challenge and expecatations from the Leadership
Super entertaining and it taught me very useful tactics that I am already using at work.
Excellent course, very informative and the speaker has put a really good effort into it.
Thanks a lot. This course help me to progree skills and understand about intercultural.
I really enjoyed this course, I learned so much and am so grateful for the opportunity.
Well done! A lot of interesting and valuable insights for new and experienced leaders.
This course give you great idea about leadership, start with yourself through others.
Great course and the greatest instructor. Thank you for such well-prepared lessons!
Thank you for all the insightful content shared in this course.I wish you the best!
Course is relevant for leaders who are working trans-regions and/or trans-cultures.
Best course ever! Loved the videos, super easy to follow and I have learned A lot!
very cool lecture,learned quite a lot of OB and practices in business environment
Very enjoy in this course. Everything that explain is have good insight for me..
Highly recommended for professional growing into leadership and management role
Interesting Course! I like the Course contents, video lectures and Assignments!
Great material well delivered, very relevant to issues that I face as a leader
I learned a lot from this course. All scenarios mentioned here are realistic.
It made me so interested. A good learning period with Coursera. All the best!
Very meanighfull and i have a new knowledge about this section of leadership
Excellent course, very practical and based on a good theoritical foundation.
Very awesome, I learned the blind spot of becoming an international Leader
It's very helpful course. it gives you insight how to become great leader.
One of the best I've seen, even compared to physical trainings. Great job!
The topics were clearly explained and the course itself is very practical.
best course for people who are looking to improve their leadership skills
Amazing course.. in depth knowledge imparted. Outstanding study material.
Extremely well-designed course. Highly equipped and very well explained.
Practical and inspiring. Thank you for this great opportunity to learn!
Thank a lot for Prof.Franz. The course is well-organized and inspiring.
I really appreciate the content and the delivery of the entire course.
Excellent course, where we also see the limits of the corporate world.
Highly informative, engaging and occasionally genuinely entertaining.
This is an important course to understand the international behavior
Really stimulating course. I hope it will help in my future career.
Very supportive course and we can apply it for sure on reality live
Another cutting edge course by Università Bocconi.Thanks everyone!
the course is very informative and the faculty here is very good.
This site really helped me in developing my leadership skills. 👍
I had an Amazing time, exprience and took a lot of learnings away
This course was amazing, I learnt much more through this course
Have learnt a lot from this course.Very helpful and enjoyable.
Very insightful and well structured, helpful expert interviews
Such an amazing course developed lots of knowledge and skills
Thank you for the great course and the discussion was amazing
It was an amazing to have this course .... from Palestine :)
Excellent course and excellent trainer. Highly recommended!
Very applicable, timely and the lessons are well organized!
This has been of great help. I hope to get a certificate.
Great content and good videos that keep you entertained.
important content for anyone with leadership potential
Really Insightful. Particularly, For HR Professionals.
It really worth our time!Congrats to the Bocconi team!
excellent very insightful lectures by professor Franz
Very informative course with an excellent instructor.
Very Good Course. Thanks to Bocconi & our Professor.
i have learn a lot I have to say thank you for that.
A truly fruitful course that is highly recommended.
Great course! Thank you to all that were involved!
Very intersting and usefull course! Thanks a lot!
Excellent course and teaching way was marvelous!
good course with examples and good explanation
The journey was pretty  much enjoyable indeed!
very good plateform for learning every course
Amazing course which delivers a great value!
well defined good examples with explanations
Awesome Course Material, Awesome Instructor
A great mix of theory and practical advice.
Very good course! Good topics, very useful!
The most useful course I've learned before
i am really happy to complete this course.
Very interesting knowledge in this course
One of the best course I have ever done.
It's a good class and very useful to me
Thanks for ur sharing so many knowledge
Very interesting and successful course.
Educating, Interesting & enthusiastic!
Great Course with high uality content
Insightful is the word. Thank you.
awesome.....i learnt soooo much...
Best Course I've taken at Coursera
I learned a lot from this course.
Great Course, excellent teacher!!
great course!!highly recommended
provided a clear idea of things
Very informative and apt course
Enjoyed it a lot. Would do more
Brilliant & fascinating course!
i got good and inovative ideas
Really  Helpful course for me.
Enjoyed and learned thoroughly
enjoyed this course, thank you
Really good course, go for it
Great professor and content.
Perfect course and professor
I really love this platform
a very well designed course
It is an informative course
Thanks for all the support.
Great Insights !Thank You!
Excellent! Thanks for it!
U SHOULD TAKE THIS COURSE
It was a lovely journey.
useful and interesting
Easy! Thank you
Great insights!
A great Course.
Perfect !!!
Well-taught
thanks Prof
Great...
THANKS
