I'm actually REALLY INTERESTED on this course, but Erica's accent is TERRIBLE. It's so hard to understand and focus on what she's saying. Had to quit the course because of that.
Worst course in Coursera.
-The study material provided is undoubtedly very good! Infact excellent!  -But the questions asked in the quizzes , are not able to measure how much learning did we actually carried, the pattern of these questions and multiple choice answers given were more concentrated on thing that a person doesn't cheats to fill them rather than learning! - Also the questions in quizzes have very badly framed, confusing choices of answers, different people can have different interpretations for those open to interpret statments provided in M.C.Q options....!
Definitely the worst online course I've ever taken. A few of really relevant contents exposed in a confused way with a bad English (bad for both professors and guests).
italian accent is way too strong.
Very-very bad course
Do not recommend this course. The coursework is boring and entirely video lectures, many of which are done by people with appalling English which is difficult to understand.
The course is designed for those, who have zero proficiency in fashion and no understanding of the industry. The links for Pinterest boards that were supposed to be the key additional element of the course don't work, video materials for the course provide identical information as the reading parts, case studies are absolutely irrelevant as they are based upon too old data, general material of the course is very shallow and didn't really meet the expectations on broadening my knowledge
It's very interesting, the only problem is the accent of the professors.. Moreover, the transcriptions are often wrong, I cannot believe Bocconi team didn't review the lessons..
While the content of the course is interesting and useful, the delivery desperately needs improvement. The professors speak in an extremely monotonous way, making it seem like they are reading their lines from behind the camera. Just awful, and makes it really hard to follow and stay interested and connected with the topic (even when you're passionate about the subject).I would rather have the course in Italian, and read the subtitles, if that means a more energetic delivery.
Contents are good and interesting, but speakers' english is so low and bad (pronunciation) that the course becomes almost unpleasant.
The course overall has good content. But some videos and case studies were dissapointing in terms of uniqueness of information. You could have easily googled it. Tests could also be more challenging. I would defitenely reccomend it to learners who are new to the industry. For others it could be less informative.
Personally, I found this course to be less than I expected. Provided information was very general, mostly outdated. I'm a person, who has no experience in this industry, but biggest part of the information was simply obvious to me. Provided slides just repeat what the lecturers say, so nothing extra to learn from there. I would say this is a fun course to take if you just have spare time, but not for learning something for real.
I really wanna finish but two problems, one thing is the accent is really very distracting that makes me couldn't focus on the content of courses ( which I do believe is good..)    Another thing is exam is really hard I hope it could be like small quizzes after each chapter or video which will be also helpful too
The course content of this course is not much and thus one can finish it rather very quickly. However one of the lecturer's had such a heavy accent I had to use subtitles just to understand the content. I am not in anyway in the fashion industry nor aspiring to be so this was just like a "tester" for me. I was however surprised that its not all about modelling and the sorts but incorporates some business aspect about the fashion industry.
Course is interesting, but sometimes its so hard to perceive the information with such accent :( I`m not lazy to read the subtitles, no.. but they also, from time to time work improperly and its not feasible at all to conceive the information . Plus, its absolutely inconvenient when you provide one huge assignment for several weeks at once! Why couldn`t you make it a few smaller to every week?  (( I think I`ll disenroll
The contents are very good and the topics, information and examples are modern and contemporary. My only complain would be the structure of the modules and the tests. This course contains a lot of information and quizes tend to be merged, thus you end up taking a test of about 15-20 questions and need to be looking back constantly to be sure of your answer. Also, multiple answer questions tend to be capacious.
Great course with video, slides, interview and a lot of interesting contents. Unfortunately all the materials are not updated and there are a lots of errors in the video transcription. The accent of the professors make the video lessons so difficult to understang. In any case there are some interesting information to understand about business and luxury fashion world.
I like the content but I found it very basic for me. I learned a lot about Italian fashion and retail. which I appreciated a lot. I would suggest this course to beginners and to people who have a little knowledge of fashion. I would have appreciated it the course would have a few scientific articles as references to back up their facts. Thank you!
While the reputation of Bocconi and the content of the course are good, professor/s command of the English language  along with all the misspellings in the transcripts are unacceptable. Being bilingual (Spanish/English) makes it a little bit easier to guess what they are saying, specially when they translate the grammar from Italian. Thanks.
The content of the course is very interesting, and I plan to go go through with it. A huge downside is that it is very difficult to follow the course because of the professors' strong accent and, at times, incorrect pronunciation. It is distracting. Also, it would be good to have weekly assignments, to stay on track.
Good overall course material. A little too much reliance on video talking heads. Might be helped by breaking up content with slides or reading material. Also tests have confusing language and the answers do not necessarily match what has been explicitly stated in the learning modules.
This course has a very nice content. The difficult thing is to follow the classes with a very difficult language spoken by the teacher. Her English is not so good, although she has a good know-how about the subject but the classes are completely boring and apathetic. What a shame!
The content of the course is extremely dated and one of the lecturers has a thick accent. I would request the authorities to update the course as the structure is great. The final certificate does not mention the duration of the course as well.
The course was not very global. It was focused mostly on Italy and France and it contained some offensive material. e.g a comment about Africa in one of the interviews and a comment about beautiful models being skinny. But overall it was good.
It is ok for some basic knowledge of the industry but the extra materials are the same as the videos and the case studies are not updated. Also the strong accent of the professor doesn't make it easy to understand and follow the lessons.
While this course is very interesting, its contents are fairly fundamental and the tests are easy to pass. I suggest the content creators to further enrich the course with more in-depth knowledge and complexity. Thank you!
need update and more practical information a lot of good theoretical information but not really was interesting to me because learned in the univeristy  (but might be good for those who did not learned fashion marketing)
Quite useful, but it would be great it would be updated with new content, since the market has evolved so much since the year of this program. Although I must say the content was good enough.
The session was amazing Was expecting more video but through all this video I learned many things about fashion luxury companies etc.
Very interesting format and content.could use some updates, most examples are from 2013-2014. otherwise great !!
It gives a good idea about this market, although some of the ideas could be more systemized and clear
Interesting course but not up to date, it's a shame many cases of studies are not relevant today
The English of the teachers is not very good. Is very difficult to understand them
The material is a bit outdated (2013) but the course is interesting enough!
Many links doesn't work. Information already outdated.
The module was alright but I got bored halfway through
Very good course but with a few OUTDATED materials.
Language sometimes not clear. Course old.
It gave me some nice insights o
the English speaking is poor
The course is good, but I had dificult to understand the teachers. Suggestion: update the course content (information), because this area is very inconstant.
Very interesting course. Lot of information for someone wants to understand the full circle of activities in a fashion/luxury house. Thank you for all the info I learnt and i am sure i will apply most of the info into my daily routines at the office. Would love Bocconi to produce a second course dedicated to communication and retail/distribution. Hope to have the chance to deepen my knowledge with another course. Thank you. Riccardo
I will give my opinion in Spanish first and then in English. Spanish: El curso realmente me gustó mucho! Lo único que realmente no me gustó fue que se supone que es un curso para realizarlo en cualquier parte del mundo, y no es así lamentablemente. Porque para hacerlo bien, hay que conocer absolutamente todo de europa a nivel cultural. Yo conocía las marcas por mis viajes y por verlas en redes sociales, pero realmente en muchas preguntas se me dificultaba la respuesta, no porque no supiera el contenido sino porque era algo más cultural que de conocimiento de estudios del curso. Estaría bueno que no piensen unicamente en que todo el mundo que realiza el curso sepa absolutamente la historia de cada marca europea o de EEUU poniendola como ejemplos en los test. Más alla de eso, el curso es muy didáctico y enriquecedor. Lo recomendaría, pero solamente a las personas que tengan un conocimiento previo de marcas e historia europea. Gracias. DAIANA DEMAIO @daidemaio - English: I really liked the course! The only thing I really didn't like was that it is supposed to be a course to take anywhere in the world, and unfortunately it is not. Because to do it well, you have to know absolutely everything about Europe on a cultural level. I knew the brands from my trips and from seeing them on social networks, but in many questions it was really difficult for me to answer, not because I did not know the content but because it was something more cultural than knowledge of course studies. It would be good if they did not think only that everyone who takes the course absolutely knows the history of each European or US brand, putting it as examples in the tests. Beyond that, the course is very educational and enriching. I would recommend it, but only to people who have a prior knowledge of European brands and history. Thank you. DAIANA DEMAIO @daidemaio
I learnt a lot. Teachers were great, pretty straight forward and clear with what they want you to understand. My only problem was the translation and punctuation in some of the Slides provided in the course. Also, kind of hard to understand what my teacher is saying in the video because of the accent. If I don't read the subtitles, I wouldn't have completely understood certain words. In addition, in the exams, there were some questions with a multi-choice format that mentioned certain BRANDS that are not worldwide known. I had to google them in order to understand the question in the exam. Didn't like that, since this course is for students around the world. Overall, a good course, good teachers. Exams format can improve.
This course gives very much useful information for the  person who doesn't know anything about luxury fashion.  It covers almost every aspects of the luxury compaines.  Well designed course with proper contents in a interactive manner.  I learned so many things and the background works of a luxury brands.  It would be very much helpful for my career.  I like the portions of interviews directly with the company personnels very much because it is very much informative when someone inside the company shares the knowledge about the industry.  Overall it definitely gives you a crystal clear big picture about the luxury fashion industry.
I think this was a great course if you plan on entering into the fashion/luxury industry.  I learned a lot of things about the terminology of the industry especially.  If you are working on a luxury business venture, this is definitely a course your should take.  I began to see things differently after I took this course and i believe that it will serve me well.  The only drawback I can think of is the fact that some things are not fully explained.  Maybe it's not a beginners course and maybe it requires some prior knowledge about the industry.  All in all, I gained from this course.  Definitely worth the cost.
The quality of the content is very good. However, the content should be more detailed. Further, certain key subject-areas are missing such as the fashion calendar, quality control, merchandising, cool-hunting and forecasting, market research, event management, public relations management, retail operations in more detail, logistics, store operations etc. Overall, however, the course is a good overview about managing fashion and luxury companies. Moreover, interviews with CEOs and brand directors would make the course more interesting.
I have always been interested in the fashion industry and found this subject not only informative, but also fascinating to go through. I enjoyed this immensely. Some information I knew, but there was a lot that also opened my eyes. My only negative was the clarity of the speakers English at times which made me have to either listen to the video again or use sub titles, otherwise I would give 5 stars. Other than that, a very informative and interesting course. Well put together and structured. Thank you.
I would recommend this course to everyone who is newbie in fashion to make your picture of this business more clear. English is my third language and I understood speakers pretty good. But 6 module is just a big failure. Case studies are important, but knowing that Nike makes money from licensing is absolutely useless. Its just an abstract fact. At least, why I am reading about Nike during the course about luxury and fashion..  What next, Demix? Ugly shoes for mountain climbing? Cmon.
I found extremely useful all the topics about business models and history of luxury brands, but I definitely missed an update on latest trends (especially on omnichannel activity) since the material, from what I believe, was mostly prepared in 2013. Such time difference in a course about one of the most dynamic industries makes it obsolete.  Still, since it is free of charge, I would recommend it to anyone who seeks basic information. I truly enjoyed it, thank you!
The course overall has good content even if I was expecting more I would recommend it to people with no experience in the industry. I would have liked more updated content with additional insights in videos vs slides (or reverse) and more challenging tests.For more advanced students, providing additional readings to deep dive into some topics would have been also appreciated.To wrap-up, a fun course that gives an overall view of the luxury and fashion industry.
Great course about fashion and luxury management! The contents were very interesting and the support materials are very useful. I loved the interviews with the brand managers also, since it was a great opportunity to know their vision, strategies and challenges. The only negative aspects are that some videos are outdated and the english spoken is not always easy to understand, due to the Italian accent. But in general, I recommend this course!
This was a great experience! I enjoyed learning about all the relevant topics regarding luxury fashion companies and its management. The medium used (video + transcripts + scripts) were perfect. The only thing I would prefer are more up-to-date information/materials, some were 7+ years old. But nonetheless, this course was for free and I received a sound understanding of how to manage and keep a luxury/fashion company successful and growing!
Thank you the opportunity to take part in this course for free. It was a little challenge for me, because my English skills aren't the best, but I am really appreciate that the videos and other helping material were in a very good quality so I could understand it easier. On the other hand, it was a pleasure to learn from those who are in other country, who are much more near the fashion world than I am.  Thank you.
Very good course, with clear and complete concepts. The explanations are very good!It only won't get all 5 starts because the examples and interviews are severly outdated, the articles ae very old. Also, the online market segment deserves  a bigger space in the course - which was not necessarily true 6 years ago when the course was made. Other than that, it is super complete course that I am very happy I took!
I really enjoyed the learning process. Especially this being an Italian and you get a lot exposure from Italian fashion scene. It's informative, inspiring and very comprehensive. The only complaint I would make is that of the professor. Sometimes I have difficulties understanding the Italian accent and which caused some confusion. Anyway, I would recommend the course if you don't mind the accent.
This course was truly informative and provided a solid framework for someone looking to enter the Fashion industry on a corporate level.  I really enjoyed the format and the self-pace feature made the learning experience more fulfilling.  I do think the course content needs to be updated to reflect the current status of the Fashion industry and the content links checked for technical errors.
The course is absolutely amazing, gives a lot of knowledge and makes you realize how complex fashion industry is. Although I have an impression it's quite outdated - everything is moving so fast these days, especially within social media, brands that are currently top of the top so information from past few years doesn't apply to the contemporary understanding of fashion business.
The course is very well structured and brings real knowledge in order to better understand why Fashion and Luxury companies are different from any other industry. It definitely provides great tools to integrate the Fashion and Luxury industry.My only regret is that some of the content is a little outdated.Overall I am very satisfied with the course and would highly recommend it.
I am so glad that I finished the course and so much satisfied with the teachings in the course. Learnt so much about the fashion and business involved in it. I would recommend to everyone to take the course regardless of their educational qualification it has helped me a lot in understanding even though am not a graduate without any previous experience in the field.
This course is a great introduction to the Fashion and Luxury industry. Thanks to this class I have deepened my knowledge about this industry and its all structure and organisation as well as its different business models, different segments and formats and its different actors. This course was a real learning journey and I don't regret having chosen to follow it.
As someone who has been curious and interested in the subject of fashion and luxury brand management and communication, i found this to be a great place to start.Although the english of one of the professors was not as fluent, i got used to it as i went along. I think there could've been more quizzes and tests along the way to force students to brush up concepts.
Very interesting and well structured, it gives a great  outlook of the fashion industries and their relationships with the different level of luxury in terms of business models, marketing , digital. such a shame for the difficulty in following the English spoken by the two lecturers. I would have opted for an Italian version with English subtitles.
Very interesting course, especially if you are keen on fashion. I learned a lot and it will certainly help me in becoming a well rounded professional. The quizzes aren't super easy so you need to pay attention for sure! The only downfall is that the material is outdated (2014) and they should dwelve more into the digital aspect of fashion.
I have entered the world of Italian Fashion and French Luxury the very same day I have enrolled to this course around 40 days ago . This Course on fashion is taught by the professors of Europe's Top Ranked Business School - SDA Bocconi School of Management, Milan, Italy. Good professors and the case studies and interviews were the best .
Overall, it was a great course and I discovered a lot of interesting and helpful facts related to the management of the fashion industry. Besides this, I also got to learn about how brands manage their identity and image in front of customers, and understood the strategies required in order to be a successful luxury brand.
The content of the course is very interesting,  even if some of the information/materials are now outdated (2017)a downside is that  professor's heavy accent and often wrong transcription, makes it hard to follow and stay focused on the course.Overall i think i’s a great introduction to the world of luxury.  Recommended !
strong course supported by strong lecturers combined with immaculate industry discussions & statistical data make this course worth excellent remarks, i wld have rate it between 4.6 to 4.7. The only reason why i dodnt do it was because on multiple answers even when you missed only 1 option your total marks were zero...
It had been a year of me piercing for knowledgeable of this very course on so many portals I couldn't find. Coming across this course and the syllabus had me jumping with glad. It has made my lock-down period productive and has made me cross the bridge of perplexity towards the career I definitely want to pursue
The course is very informative. It has covered a lot of concepts and companies. The only thing which I think can be improvised is the old content. Most of the videos, examples are 5-6 years old. Apart from it I am glad that I got this opportunity to learn from such amazing professors at such a reasonable rate.
Incredibly well structured course. It covers very interesting topics, which are essential for a career in Fashion and Luxury. The interactive lessons are very effective and there are great guest speakers. The only downside is that certain stats should be updated with more recent figures. Overall, great course!
I thoroughly enjoyed the Course. I have gained a lot of knowledge about the workings of the fashion industry. The interviews and discussing forum was very insightful. I did sometimes feel the options to the questions of the quiz weren't clear or were confusing. Other than that it was a marvellous experience.
I loved studying that course, it is really insightful and complete, the only thing I would suggest is, please teach something about design, or design trends, so that way people can be more familiar with the industries, for example basics of sketching, foucus points, how to convine accesories, etc
Interesting course material. Was specifically useful for me to bring together various elements from my diverse career background. Final exam format is a little surprising compared to the rest of the course material (including quizzes). Might be useful to have some practice material for this also.
Amazing content, very well structured, good speakers and interesting cases. All the information is however outdated, from 2014. In terms of reports, it's not that important (because you can always find recent ones online), but in terms of news and trends in fashion world, it makes a difference.
Course structur is really good. Information is clear. have a very good picture delivered to students. However, i find quiz is a bit average, lots of quiz on less important information, where the quiz should focus on the main topics. ALSO, almost all Pinterest links/resource are not working.
I'm giving 4 stars because I really enjoyed the course.  It was very insightful and lecturers are very competent. I would suggest them anyway to update the lectures by giving the latest information and reports. It's been 5 years since the course has been updated, from my point of view.
This course provides useful information on the way we can build and manage a business in the fashion and luxury industry. I particularly liked the case studies presented: a great way to hear from successful professionals how they apply the concepts learned in the daily working life.
Interesting the wide  overview offered in the course. I would update some materials to the last 3 years of fashion and luxury business. Also would be interesting to have a better idea on Luxury Hotels GL as a more and more considered branch of Luxury. Thanks for this course.
That was a great experience to join this course. I work in the luxury retail and it helps me to have a clear vision of the current and future challenges in this business. I would like to go deeper in each subjects in applying later to a luxury and fashion management MBA.
very interesting and a good opportunity to learn. only downside is that informations are a little old and should be updated. Very interesting the Deloitte report with fresh data. I suggest to update some modules to further improve the already high quality of the course.
Very interesting learning related to the fashion and luxury industry. ISuggestion for a course update with the latest information and few more modules to highlight changes taken place for industry in the last few years, and redefined the fashion and luxury market.
Thank you so much for this course, I’ve got a lot of useful and structured information. All the Models  were really engaging. My only recommendation is to update the reports and articles you refer to during the course, as nowadays information is changing each day.
The lessons are very interesting but they need to be updated. They require a medium knowledge of management / marketing  (I don’t think it’s an easy course if you are a beginner).The pronunciation of the teacher (one of them, in particular) isn’t good at all.
The Italian can be difficult to understand at times, and I feel that some parts of the course were redundant, but otherwise great and very informative! Wish it could be updated. It is quite outdated, especially considering how fast commerce is moving.
Very interesting if you are interested in fashion management. There is a lot of new think you can learn about retail, communication and fashion business models. I really recommend it, it was easy to follow and in my point of view very worth it.
Many thanks to Erica and Stefania for their videos, both were very clear and direct to the point. For me An Area of improvement  are the slides, a little more organized would help the learners to follow and take notes even better.
The course goes direct to the point, it's very objective. The only disadvantage is the Italian accent of the professors, sometimes it's boring to listen. I reccomend this course to students or for people outside the fashion world.
The course provides an overview of the business, from business concepts to practices. The videos and interviews are extremely interesting and helpful to learning the course. Good for a beginner. Some of the links have expired.
Course gives a great introduction to Luxury and Fashion brand management. With course introduced in 2014 since when there have been great many changes in the global markets as well as the industry i feel it maybe outdated.
Very inspiring, insighful and plenty of knowledge course, ideal to expand your awareness of all about the luxury and fashion management. Definitely, strongly recommended for who wants to deep dive into this subject.
It was very informative and interesting. Sometimes I had issues with the sound, the speakers weren't loud enough or close enough to the microphones during the interviews. Otherwise, everything was well constructed.
Thank you for a great course! This information is so valuable! But I would like to see the final test more distinctive, the questions are in some terms very vague. But all in all, I had a great time, thank you!
This course is perfect for the beginners who hope to get an broad view of fashion and luxury business. It details the key concepts and introduce the major brands to the audiences. Well organised and displayed!
Some data should be updated, as the videos and information where from 2013-2014, and the market nowadays had a major evolution considering the skyrocketing of the social media platforms and online influencers.
I have learned so much with you and help me know the terms of some strategies that I had used in my career, but mainly I become enthusiastic about business model! thank´s for all! I want to do more things!
Horizons broadened to establish a new way of viewing fashion business; very helpful for fashion enthusiasts like me despite the language weakness of instructors; but they were passionate about teaching!
The course is very useful and easy to understand... also I like the module materials and the notes while lectures are on. But the quizes were very hard especially the last quiz of the annual reports
The test at the end is not so appropriate for the course, it is better in my opinion to have a format with questions about the lessons. However, the course is very interesting and well done, thanks!
I enjoyed this course and gained further insight into the fashion and luxury business. Unfortunately though, the date provided was often very outdated (some statistics and numbers being from 2013).
it has broadened my understanding of fashion and retail industry. It also provoked me to do a lot of online researches by giving me a lot of ways to find answers about fashion, style, and luxury.
As a senior professional in Luxury sector, the course helped me to get refreshed during quarantine days.It was amazin experience with great discussion classes and best practice sharings.Thanks to
I think it was a very good course. Perhaps the speakers were talking a bit fast (and with the Italian accent it was a bit hard to understand). But except this very minor thing, I recommend it !!
I learned too much in this course ...unfortunately it did not seem pleasant to pay for the certificate and having to download it when I thought it would be sent to my house ... anyway THANK YOU
Fantastic class with 2 great lecturers and high standard invitees. The tests are not focussing on skills but on detecting the traps. They are useless and do not state the level of the student.
The course is supposed to be for beginners  and pros as well but the final test seems quite hard to pass if you're  a beginner due to the wide range of information included in those 2 reports
Informative but not particularly attention grabbing. Sometimes hard to go through, still very organized and provided a lot resources and extra information. Very grateful for this opportunity.
very clear for this industry. Sometimes the accent of the teacher makes me confused for the words. But after several class, i am familiar with it and know what the teacher talking about are.
Fun and interesting course with a lot of in-depth information on the inner workings of the fashion industry and on how to start understanding building your own brand to a success. Thanks!
This course was for me an introduction to a mystique but fascination niche.  I have a high-level view now of how this business works, which was the goal when I started this course.
It was great to get an overview and with the additional material provided, I was able to connect myself to apparently important media that is giving you updated information.
this course was amazing, i learn more about the retail process, how different brands manage own merchandise and line process, very recommend for learn retail management.
First time I attend an online course; I learnt many interesting concept, and the interviews are interesting as well; ought to be updated with actual figures (2018)
I loved this course! It was super informative, interesting, and interactive. The instructors are knowledgeable and insightful about the luxury market overall.
Overall, the course was really enjoyable and very informative! It provided me with a strong foundation! I would definitely recommend this to someone I know!
Great to give you a clear understanding of the business part in luxury and fashion and the importance of it its difference with another types of companies.
It was an amazing experience. I got to learn a lot as a beginner. Completing this course brings in me more desire to learn. Thank you Coursera and Bocconi.
Both teachers are so passionate about what they are talking that is always a pleasure watching the videos and learning a lot about Fashion and Luxury!
It helped a lot to gain more knowledge about fashion and luxury. Apart from it we also learned a lot about new things.it was full beneficial course.
Really interesting facts and topics around the fashion industry. Very well explained, presented and supported by related interviews and articles.
I believe if the professors used a more common example to explain a certain topic would have international students understand the concept better
The course was fun, interesting and very insightful! I would definitely recommend this course for those curious and wanting to pursue fashion :)
Exceptional course!!! I think it could have been even better if there were some new data included (the course is based on data up until 2013).
The content in the course very elaborate and accurate; plus easy to understand. I have one suggestion, the content should be updated to date.
I enjoyed and learned a lot.  4 stars because some of the videos would cut off midway. But despite that, it was a very informative course.
It's a very insightful and informative course which explains in detail the working of International Fashion Brands and Luxury companies.
Great to learn the basis of the fashion world! I knew nothing and now I know something! Worth the small price to get the certificate!
Gave a good overview of fashion and luxury industries. Covered a broad spectrum of topics with relevant examples and case studies.
The course was interesting and good. The instructors were engaged. It just missed something. Maybe it could be sort of "fresher".
Great course, highly recommended! The examples and tests need an update though, most of the references are from 2008 to 2013.
I  enjoyed the course, it is really detailed and gives a deep understanding of every single aspect of the fashion industry.
The content is very organize and clear. I have gone through 3 weeks and it is a great introduction to the world of luxury.
great course on Fashion and Luxury that helping putting the right words on thr tight concepts and clarify Business Models
The Audio issue is a had issue do to strong italian accent of one of the teachers so had to watch it with subtitles
A very complete program with the most important information about the Fashion and Luxury brands on the market.
More examples can be given. Case studies mainly focused on Brand heritage. It could be more related to topics
I found this course really interesting and i got a lot of information that i will use in my daily work!
There could be more case studies to learn better. But it is a great course to learn fashion industry
Great entry level course for anyone wanting to learn about how fashion and luxury companies operate.
Thankyou for this course, it gave me a lot of insight and new information towards fashion industry
Excellent course for anyone who wants to learn more about the business side of fashion and luxury.
The couse is really nice,but they should update it because the reports change a lot after 7 years.
REALLY INTERESTING, BUT IT NEEDS TO BE UPDATED EVERY YEAR DUE TO THE FAST CHANGE OF LUXURY SECTOR
Thank you for this course it helped me to learn about different point of view fashion as business
Too much theory. It would be better to find some way in order to have more practic exercises.
very interesting and inspiring; the assignment is good but could test our knowledge deeper.
Great course for learning about the industry. Course could have used a bit more structure.
Very Interesting, well explained and easy to follow.It broad your orizons.Thanks a lot.
Good material, interesting topics, understandable lessons. I found it easy and useful
Great introduction course for fashion enthusiasts! Professional and fun~~Recommend
You can learn the fundamental knowledge of the fashion industry from this course.
Very informative ! Could use a section with a little bit more figures analysis !
Very interesting course to be able to understand the fashion and luxury world.
good additional documents, wanted more insights and examples, more modern view
Great starting point to get an insight into how fashion blends with business.
good lessons + good teachers +  good contents, not enough interaction though
very informative course!! Coursera should have more fashion related courses
Thanks for giving me knowledge about Fashion. This is very helpful. :)
Really enjoyed the course. It contains good and professional content.
Informative course with great use of real life examples and reports!
Great course for a first approach to fashion and luxury management.
Excellent course, but the english of the professors can improve...
A great quick intro into the fabulous world of luxury fashion!
Excellent contents, but relator's english is pretty bad. :-)
Would have liked some more examples for the explanation.
great course. well explained and nice interviews around
Was great knowledge that have been beautifully amazing
Very informative.English language not always the best.
nice to know some fashion knowledge at a basic level!
Very interesting to find out about luxury brands.
Super interesting and good insight information!
Interesting course, dynamic and well organized
The lecturers gave really relevant examples.
Very useful course with detailed information
Clarity and vary interesting content!
Very well prepared.Clear exposition.
great course very interesting .
Excellent teaching and material
Well organised and very clean.
This course is really amazing
Superb course! Teaches alot.
Amazing content and delivery
Interesting and inspiring
YES I MADE IT1
hi i really liked this course and also i have made my payment for certificate but still its asking to me for repay...kindly help,or mail the details on vandanasingh904@gmail.com
It was a great course that opened up for me the concept of business of fashion. Talking about different markets, different audience and how brand image and strategy work really broader my knowledge. I would definitely recommend this course for those who wants to dive into the world of fashion. Especially I liked the extra materials for free-time reading as it was interesting but also updated and correspond to nowadays time.
It's a great course for those who'd like to understand the the way fashion industry is organized; what's the key factors in marketing of fashion and luxury brands; what's important in communication.
What a great resource for both Fashion and Business Students around the world. I am a student in London using this resource to further my knowledge and Iove it. I will continue using and supporting.
very useful course, not only for Luxury industry. Many topics talked about are enlighted. After learning, I think I am more reasonable facing all fancy things and choose them more sophiscated.
Very interesting, with significant case studies, to the point and neatly explained. A very useful integration to Luxury Brands notions one may have. Thank you for providing the material.
The course is a very rigorous and demanding since, the concepts are introduced from an elementary to complex level in a systematic way.  One needs to be attuned to what is happening in this complex industry since, we have seen huge changes during the last decade or so. Understanding the concepts being taught in a affable way, makes the whole experience rewarding and endearing.  I recommend each one of the professionals who is connected with fashion and luxury retail to enroll and take advantage.  The only aspect that the Institution has to update is... with live examples closer to 2018-20 instead of 2012/13.  Otherwise, it is a wholesome.
Amazing course for the beginners and experts in the industry. Reading material and videos are to the point with excellent case studies. I strongly recommend this course to Fashion and Luxury enthusiast
Excellent Course! Love how you can study at your own pace. It provides an abundance of information for both fashion & luxury management as well as building your own fashion &/or luxury brand.
Before I used to think fashion/luxury was about skinny models in glossy magazines and walking in fashion shows. This course completely changed my mind.What I learnt? Differentiating between Fashion and Luxury. Understanding  customer value propositions, different market segmentation and models, marketing strategies and communication of Luxury/Fashion Brands.Super comprehensive course took close to 40 hours to finish everything. Learnt a hell lot. Quiz 3 was really good. My friend who is in Brand Management was totally impressed with the amount of knowledge I gained from this course. In the beginning, I found the accent of the teachers very annoying but in the later parts, I found the accent quite sexy, especially Erika's :P But the bottom line is the teachers are fantastic. I work in Equity Research but found this course really eye opening.I would highly this course to anyone who wants to know about Fashion and Luxury.Thanks for reading!
Hatem Ben Hadj Hassine · 33 minutes agoGreeting All,I had a feeling Fashion is a challenging Domaine to work in and I was up for the challenge anyway, I learned a lot from this course and most probably will keep a lot of reading materials saved for review for future learning,I learned that you can be disruptive and follow your vision as a creative if you provide great content that must appeal to the 5 senses, that we are as creatives responsible for following a consistent narrative, one that sells and brings income as well, that you have to be flexible and be very lenient and open for mutual communication, contaminated partnership.I have saved a few quotes I found relevant to my beliefs and values, such us YSL about timelessness and Karl about style, LV video from 2008 ''where will life take you tagline''.the Devil is indeed in the Details.few book materials mentioned here & websites I am currently interested to dive in :Book: the new American luxury portfolio _ 2003 M.Silvesrlinks; https://www2.deloitte.com/I took this course as an introduction to Fashion Business Management, a Master I would like to pursue in Italy on campus, I must say that I cant wait to learn further about this exciting field.Thank you for providing such a brilliant course. and see you soonBest regards,
Excellent informative course. I do have to say that the subtitling in English was sometimes mistaken. E.g. ASOS was subtitled as Azuz, in an interview the Italian word "credo" was subtitled as "cradle." The general information provided, especially in Module 1-4 was very well structured and easy to follow. Weeks 4 to 5 were more difficult to keep track of, but were also very well done. The tutors were clear in their communication in language. I had some difficulty with opening the pinterests links (they led to the pinterest homepage) and some of the articles were locked behing log-in walls. I think the course packs a whole lot of information in a tiny package, but provides adequate tools for us students to continue learning about the subject (mainly through authors and titles mentioned during the lectures.) I enjoyed the final assignment as it gave us actual reports to work on. In short: kudos, I enjoyed this course.
I have always been a model for high fashion clothing designers for either students or working professionals within the fashion industry in addition to always being stopped in the street or within public places due to the type of clothing I wear, but for the first time I decided to obtain knowledge about the management of fashion and luxury companies which I thoroughly enjoyed. Naturally, I am very creative and fashion has always been a passion of mine in addition to modelling, photoshoots, photography and luxury companies. There is so much content within this course like business modelling, fashion concepts, CEO interviews and fashion branding etc. I look forward to applying this knowledge to the business world but also to my modelling and creative experience in general. Thank you, it has been a pleasurable experience indeed.
Thought the course does not start very strong, it evolves into a very interesting place of compact knowledge for both the fashion and the luxury industry. For a professional, like myself, who already has a master's degree in the field of luxury and works within the industry, it is a great way to get remind of the theories and the knowledge behind the management, the how and the why luxury does things in its own unique way.It would be even better to add knowledge into more "exclusive" categories like cars or yachts. Yet, the structure of the course, the delivery, the case studies and the overall performance keep the attendee's attention. Personally, I started the course a bit hesitant, but managed to finish it within only a week because of the flow and quality of information.
Dear Coursera, Bocconi University and Stefania&Erica!Thank you very much for this very deep into art point of view and business at the same time journey to fashion. I've learned a lot about this industry. Moreover, I've found a lot of useful things and knowledge for my current marketing job in L'Oreal. And, of course, I am even more interested to try myself in fashion industry now!Thank you very much! And I would be very happy to enroll one more opine course from you. For example, the history of fashion designers, or stylistic identity of the main designers of las 50 years. How do you think about such a course? The Disquared2 case was perfect, I would like to learn Karl Lagerfield, Fendi, Gucci and others in the same way.Thank you very much!Maria
This was an excellent course. It covers so much, but so well explained and organized. I want to thank both of the instructors for their excellent work providing us with easy to follow and understand materials and explanations. Thanks to Coursera for making this course available for us, thank you to the University of Bocconi for sharing this course with the world, for the resources made available to us so we could immerse in the Fashion and Luxury world.I really enjoy it, and I'm happy I signed up for it during this quarantine time we are all living in, it made my time worth it!
Dear,I am very thankful to Coursera to create this wonderful Door towards achieving specialization. With this course i not only got knowledge but also a confidence.Fashion is passion for me, i wanted to do this course from a long time but for many reasons i could not afford it, with Coursera i got my "Dream Come True".I am, and will be always grateful to the creators of this wonderful platform.Now my only concern is how i can get onto this boat of Fashion and Luxury Business. Evening a small opening is enough to open the Doors in this business.Thank you.Regards,Junaid Ahmed
Overall a very positive feedback: content is very interesting, professors are very clear and provide not just slides but also links to inspiring articles and videos.Constant reference to well known companies (which in some cases my need a slight update :) !) really helps you grasp the concept and apply to current environment.The way the course is structured (2 mid + 1 final exam) and Coursera flexibility (download course content to watch it offline) make this course suitable also for full time workers often on business trips.Highly recommended!
I really enjoyed the course and the materials. I have learned a lot of fashion and luxury brand management such as business model, distribution channel, communication. And what is most important is that the course gave me a different perspective on fashion industry, it is not only about designers and rich customers, it is also about the people working behind the brand, the company behind it, etc.  So I want to say thanks to the professors and University of Bocconi for presenting this course on coursera.
First certificate obtained! This is a rich course where we can learn theory and get to know the industry. The course provides guest speaker videos, detailed lecture notes, and other forms of interactive learning. Although the lecturers have an Italian accent, it does not hurt at all. Thank you so much! Suggestion: 1. making assignments a little bit more challenging, so students could have a deeper thought about the topics; 2. the final quiz could be an essay or branding/marketing plan.
A very well designed course. It gives you a 360 degree, in-depth experience about managing fashion and luxury companies. For a novice like me, it was a perfect way to divulge into the world of luxury management. I learnt some very interesting concepts, trending business models and fashion terminology which will surely help me in my professional life. They have curated some chosen live-case studies, CEO interviews and additional videos which help immensely in the learning process.
Although I did not finish the course, I enjoyed and was very satisfied with the content. The lecturers, although not very fluent English, were the best and new exactly what they were teaching which made me very happy. I easily understood what was being taught from the beginning. Although my passion is Fashion Design, this course helped me understand more about the Fashion Industry and everything behind the scene within the Industry. I am very happy with the knowledge gained :)
I was very happy and satisfied about this course, It is really well structured, the lessons are very captivating and interesting. One of the aspects that I appreciated most are the interviews with fashion expert, the videos and the last material related to annual report, because give you a concrete knowledge about this sector. I understood better many aspects and differences, especially speaking about business models and the product development. This course was very helpful!
This is an excellent course! I learned a lot about the fashion industry and the explanations were really clear. The exams are challenging and the pushed me to give my best.I don't believe the accent of the professors were incomprehensible as many other students say, i actually liked them! I think it would be very helpful to have examples of different brands instead of focusing on only french and italian brands, just to bring more examples that more people could know about.
I would like to thank Bocconi Fashion Institute for this wonderful course. My personal appreciation to the Bocconi for offering this at free of cost though the fashion courses are very expensive. I am sure that I have learnt important aspects of Fashion industry due to this course. May be in near future, i will study in the Bocconi Institute due to its wonderful faculties. I request you to offer more courses in this field. Thank you very much once again. Love from Paris.
This course is such a powerful tool whether you are familiar with fashion and luxury or you already know these industries. The course dissects the most important themes in terms of management to understand why fashion and luxury are different to any other industry. It sets the basis for any of us to work in this kind of business. The modules are clear and well-structured, and you have complementary tools to strengthen the knowledge.
An absolutely complete course that teaches about Luxury companies, but mainly about Fashion. There are 2 great teachers that gives contents, but also makes sudents think about future and trends. Cases and interviews are also great !! I got very impressed about quality of Albini Group.  Its clearer for me definition luxury vs fashion, business models, differences, challenges and opportunities in Fashion companies. Thank you Bocconi !
Hi there I am an established fashion designer living in Los Angeles, but with european heritage. Ive heard about the course from other artsy friends and my husband suggested to take a look. It was very interesting and it offered a better understanding and structure of the knowledge i and experience i already have in the industry. This course is good for people who are both beginners or advanced in fashion knowledge. Thanks
Excellent!  Well delivered lecture videos.  Great interviews to link together content.  The quizzes and exams is will written.  I purchased the two text books for additional reading.  The books are hard to order in Canada.  It may be helpful to provide Ebook version as well if the books can be referenced for suggested reading sections each week.  Overall, this has inspired me to further courses with this University.
One among the best course I've taken in my career. The teachers are really great and the materials are really informative for learning. I would like to recommend it to anybody who is interested to learn the basics of fashion, branding and retailing. Finally, I would like to convey my sincere thanks to coursera, the organizers and also my teachers for providing me the Financial Aid support to learn this course..
I have to admit. Some online courses are quite shallow; but this one is so enriched with interesting content and unrivalled explanations. I don't want to extend myself but I now see the fashion/luxury world with a new set of eyes that allow me to understand and differentiate all/most aspects that are unbeknownst to the average consumer. This is definitely a course to review on a regular basis! RECOMENDED 100%!
A great way to learn about the foundations of the industry from a lot of different subject areas- marketing, operations, strategy etc. Both course instructors were knowledgeable, engaging and comprehensive in their delivery of the facts and information.  I really enjoyed this course. It has not only provided me with more useful knowledge on the industry, but taught me elements I can implement in my projects.
A great basic fashion business course on the luxury side business and the many categories you can find within. I would love to see a more expanded continuation exploring the middle ground of the fashion business found between luxury fashion brands and fast fashion brands. Which although less explored continues to be a thriving sector. Thank you to all the professors and assistants who made the course happen.
I loved this course, it was extremely up to standard and beneficial. I wish it went longer. I felt it ended a bit too soon! still got a lot to learn and go into details. It could've used to go over Annual reports and discuss them or go actually behind the scenes on case studies to better implement the things we're learning with concrete and elaborate examples. I highly recommend this course. thank you!
Bocconi appears to be a prestigious school and it's so wonderful of them to offer a glimpse into the world of fashion and their luxury and fashion course. Of course, I feel the course could have delved deeper into various topics, but as it is provided for free, I am happy with what I've learned so far nonetheless. The professors were personable and the topics were thought provoking. Thank you Bocconi!
I really enjoy the lessons because they show me the professional structure of the fashion industry and the main players in luxury. The examples were perfect to illustrate every chapter. It was interactive, worthed and glamorous. I enjoyed how fierce are Italians of the Made in Italy label and I understood a little more of this concept thanks to the explanations in the videos. I recommend it 100 % !
Management of Fashion and Luxury Companies course from Bocconi University was very meaningful and useful for me to breakthrough some entry barriers I had with the field of luxury and fashion marketing. It basically covers all areas of fashion and luxury company management with focus on the histories, definitions and real practices. I can't thank enough. I loved it and appreciated it so much.
I learnt A LOT from it! It was really worth it taking the course, as it gave me a broad introduction on the main aspects of the complex fashion and luxury industry. I believe the evaluation system (the quizzes and final test) could be better (challenging in a smarter way); regardless, the course provides great tools for those who desire to understand the world of fashion and luxury better :)
It was a great experience having taken this course. Modules to the course are appropriately divided to a level that even me being a full time student of Post Graduation Diploma in Management, I was well able to complete the course in due time. The knowledge I received from this course was a lot helpful. Amazing delivery by the professors,  nice quality of the supplement readings and videos.
this is an amazing course, you will learn a lot about fashion and luxury companies, videos and reading are truly good. besides, you will find interesting forums and activities to do , take your time for it!. Thanks to Bocconi university and especially to Erica, I have learned a lot from you, I hope someday I could take the whole master in luxury management. Greetings from Bogotá, Colombia.
It was a very professional and informative course. I learned a lot. All information were not just theoretical but majorly based in the fashion industry. The introduction about the career in fashion was very helpful too. The last test was quite difficult. All in all I really enjoyed the course, I feel it gave me a lot of new knowledge and will definitely help me in my career in fashion.
I need to thank You for this course! 
I got a lot of knowledge for myself. I think that they will need me not only in the fashion industry. On
 the part of the wishes, I would like to note that some videos do not 
have enough illustrative material (when it comes to a particular brand 
or website, for example). I ask you to pay attention to it, especially in long and meaningful lessons.
The Management of Fashion and Luxury Companies offered by Bocconi & Coursera is a wonderfully informative, interactive and innovative course. The course uses real world high fashion and luxury examples and iconic figures to deliver their content. This engages the student with real life examples and helps us see what the future of fashion and luxury holds for us as potential managers.
This course is the best all the resources and the information that they give you here is great, I've learned many things that I didn't know before information that is hard to find and the best is that is very well explained. Also, the interviews with different people and companies give you a better view of how companies work and more knowledge about the fashion industry. I Loved it
It was an excellent course, very detailed and the professors were able to convey the ideas very easily. I initially took this certificate course as a complement to my Fashion Retail Management Degree and it was extremely helpful for me. The forum was also very helpful and filled with knowledgable students who helped in discussions. Thank you for giving me the learning opportunity.
Very immersive and entertaining course; the subject is interesting per se but the execution of the Coursera module is very practical and very well illustrated with plentiful case studies, interviews, and real life examples. The only apparent room for improvement would be minor technical issues (video glitches, flawed English subtitles).So far the best Coursera course I have taken.
The course gave me an overview of the industry, the types of players in it, different models and strategies that can be applied. Many different types of companies are analyzed. There is a lot of information in it, also interviews with professionals. For me it was very helpful in order to gain understanding of the fashion and luxury industry and where I want to go. Thank you!
As a founder of a premium apparel & accessories company in an emerging market, I found this course extremely valuable. It talks clearly and exhaustively about the topics which need to be learnt about running a fashion or luxury business. The lecturers are very good while the content is very relevant. For someone without experience or with limited experience, a great course.
This was a very informative course. There were a lot of concepts that I was familiar with given my previous involvement in the industry but it placed them into a comprehensive and coherent framework that is quite useful going forward. Also it is helpful in terms of standardizing the industry language so that discussions can be clearly communicated and likewise understood.
I am overwhelming throughout the course! The rich content together with the guidance of the two great professor; made a great course for fashion industry. even after getting the Certificate, I intend to go the rich materials time to time as great reference. Thanks to the professors and the Bocconi management who deigned this unparalleled course for fashion Industry.
My certificate on Coursera and specially on Bocconi University was far beyond my expectations. My course for Fashion Management in Luxury Companies lead me to a whole new path and fashion point of view which i'm going to interpret definitely on my fashion career and the new job opportunities that might arise. Thank you for that great experience and knowledge!
MOSTLY I DONT HAVE ENOUGH TIME, TO SOMETIMES TAKE AND PARTICIPATE ACTIVELY THE COURSE OFFERS ME THE OPTION OF CHANGE THE DATES SO I COULD COMPLETE IT, IT'S A VERY RICH COURSE WHICH WILL TEACH YOU AND INTRODUCE YOU TO THIS AMAZING INDUSTRY, THANK YOU VERY MUCH TO OFFER THIS KIND OF COURSES. TOTALLY RECOMEND IT IF YOURE INTO FASHION AND THIS KIND OF BUSINEES
I would like to thank Bocconi and the team for their valuable lectures and how easy it made me to understand fashion and helped me travel and learn through the technicalities of the fashion world. There are so many factors which are associated with brand and with fashion and this course helped me learn many of these aspects. Thank you so work!
This course made me think differently, during these 6 weeks of learning I enriched the knowledge in the fashion field. The material was excellent and explanations done by professors were fantastic and clear. Additionally, all cases studies were incredible that gave me new understanding of the fashion market. Grazie mile per tutto!
It is a great course, everything is well explained, the extra material is fun and inspiring and the activities are not time consuming. If you love fashion or wwant to learn how do these business works I would totally recommend it. I do believe that you have to have some previous business background to fully understand this couse.
Very interesting from a business and marketing perspective. The classes are very interactive and although the teachers are not native in English their arguments are very clear and easy to understand. Would highly recommend it to anyone who has a marketing background and is interested in learning more about luxury companies.
This course was more than I expected. First the professors were so good at explaining and you can tell their passion for the subject. Second the material is so useful, professional, and complet. They show you all this examples with videos and interviews with so many porfessionals around the world. I would recommend it 100%
I'm loving this course! I have a Business Administration Diploma at UC Berkeley. And the professors of Bocconi are applying all the marketinh guidelines which I learned specifically to Fashion and Luxury companies. All the four Ps. Perfect! Grazie a tutti voi dell'Università Bocconi per aver condiviso le vostre conoscenze!
The course is well prepared and clearly explained, most important aspects of fashion management are all well covered. I work since 2008 for interantional luxury brands, so, from my point of view, I can confirm authenticity of sources, very well prepared lesson and moreover a very fascinating and endearing learning method.
This course was really comprehensive in its reach and the instructors were not only highly experienced about the topics, but also showed really nice energy through all the topics, I would give them a hug. I am definetely buying my certificate as soon as I get a job, hopefully in Fashion and Luxury Industry. Thanks a lot!
Dear Professors,It was extremly useful and inspiring course! I am head of the Graduate School in University in Kazakhstan and far from Fashion. Just for fun I tool this course which opened me new world and sense of fashion, i even thinking now about really changing and making business in this sphere, You are the best!!!
loved this course . this is perfect for all those who aspires to enter the world of fashion . strongly recommended , it  is  a must do course . all those one has to know about this particular industry is here . all the knowledge needed in this particular topic covered . thank ypu  so much  for this wonderful course .
I loved this course, all the side links and interview, case studies and the way we can discuss, share our thoughts with each other. I now have a better perspective toward fashion and it feels like i can now talk armani/ dsquared2/ prada etc. I joined this course for my startup and i guess it helped me a lot on my way
The course is fantastic, I already recommended it to my friend.The information is based on 2014 reports which is basically fine, and I hope that professors will update it sometimes. Besides, mentors might be more active on the forums, However - since it's a free course, they don't guarantee it from the beginning.
Never estimiated a course by its period. Though it's only a six-week course, I still learnt a lot from it. From reading the material, to the test. Finally, I passed! But, I will continue my learning of this sector afterwards. Thanks so much, coursera, for offering such great courses to people all over the world.
Very informative course where I have learnt so much about the industry which I did not know before. The case studies were very helpful by putting the knowledge I had learnt from the theory into practice. Would highly recommend for anyone who wants to learn more about the luxury industry and business behind it.
Well I got to know more insights of  Management of Fashion and Luxury though I had considerable knowledge of Fashion concepts. I appreciate the charming professors shared their thoughts on Fashion and Luxury business models and associated aspects  in organized fashion. Overall Its amazing... Thank you so much.
One of the best courses I've taken. The teachers are great and the material is equally informative and engaging, you really do learn a lot. All the contet is presented in a light manner but the modules help you understand its depth. I would recommend it to anybody who is even slightly interested in fashion.
Thank you so much to the team for helping and teaching me with this topic.The course was easily laid out and understood, and the quiz and exam questions were strategically asked and positioned to be thorough and competitive.I recommend this course for anyone looking for a career in a retail environment.
It was really informative about everything that you need to know about Fashion and Luxury Companies, I'm going to start my master in 2 months and I wanted to know something before my master start and I think this help me a lot I'm really grateful with all the people how work on this, THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Very comprehensive and well ordered. Full of interesting and specific information. For example, compared to a similar short course I did over 4 days at the London School of Fashion and sadly, paid over £400 for, I would definitely recommend the Universita Bocconi course over the overprices LSF course.
Before completing the Management of Fashion and Luxury Companies course, I did not fully realize the breadth of what goes on behind the scenes to bring fashion and luxury to fruition.  The intersection of business models, channels, and communication demands appreciation of how vital is the industry.
It was interesting and worth to spend time even if you are not going to work with fashion right now. I got some new thoughts to upgrade my vision of social media strategy that I presented to a company that I'm working in at the moment. So go and entertain yourself with Bocconi University course! :))
I have really liked the course . It has been more than one week that i have completed my profile as well as the payment but I have not received the certificate. I have cleared all the tests. I kindly request to expedite  the certificate .It may be sent at my e mail id shipra_wadhwa@rediffmail.com.
It's really an eye opening course for me of getting to know business terms and strategies in fashion and luxury world. The course resources and additional readings are useful and informative. What i liked most is about retailing part wish they could provide more on that. But still a great course!
Very interesting ideas. I don't work in the fashion or luxuryindustries, but some of the ideas learned in this course could be used to innovate within different fields. I especially liked the concept of Ingredient Branding and the part where they explain what Luxury is and how it is developped.
Course what makes things clear in fashion. Smart , informative, shortly, objective... Course what gives you the real idea what is inside of fashion - then you can choose go throw or.. not. I got a feeling that I just graduated from kinda primary fashion school and ready to choose my direction.
This course is very interesting for people who work on the fashion industry and want to further their knowledge on the business. I have to say it is a bit hard for a working person to keep up do date with the course, but the 6 weeks are more than enough to complete the tasks and learn a lot!
Is a comprehensive and very defined course, with very good reading material and real information about different companies in the sector. I'm very happy I decided to take the course. Now I'm playing with way more knowledge in the field. Thanks to the Instructors, Bocconi and Coursera.
This course gave me an insight on what Fashion and Luxury is, as well as an insight on the industry. It was a starting point to learn more about Luxury and Fasjion Business. The Interviews with real people who work in the industry was an absolute inspiration and motivation to proceed.
I learned more than I expected about the course, aroused my curiosity on many subjects and I can keep learning after finish. I liked the contents, the approach, vídeos and links to get more information online. I can indicate the course for more people interested about fashion content.
This course is the exact refresher I needed! It also brought to light many areas of fashion management that I have not had the pleasure of learning. I am happy to be able to use the information I have gained when applying to my career and future endeavors in the fashion industry.
This course really surprises me when I dive into the content, especially when it comes to the business model of every stage and brand, as well as I notice that, NO MATTER WHAT I learn, knowledges of econimics is first thing I should know, thanks for the devotion of two lecturers!
Very informative course which enhance your understanding  in the luxury n fashion field .Gives you a powerful insight into the world for future .Thank you so much for the great instructor who constantly supported to explain things very well and assignments were very supportive .
I find the course very informative and well structured. I really enjoyed watching the different business cases that helped me to understand the concepts in a real business situation. I would only suggest to update the content as the fashion industry is changing quite quickly.
I leaned core concepts from the fashion management world, logistics, business models, brand image and identity communication, etc from wholesale to e-commerce. Absolutely recommend it if you are interested in learning more about the most essential topics in fashion business!
Absolutely essential for anyone who wants to work in the fashion and luxury industry. The teachers are great, professional and experienced and connect you to the real world of the industry by giving you daily examples and interviews with the actors of the business. A must !
So far, I love this class! the insturctors are very resptable, and dissect the knowledge in a way that is easy to comprehend. The exampes are relevant, modern, and I'm really excited to dive deeper. Thank you Coursera for making this expeirence possible. Cheers,Jordan Swain
I really liked this course, it was very helpful to learn how a fashion company is managed, the differences between different kind of business models... the slides and the video were very accurate. I recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn more about fashion.
A very useful and involving course able to give answers concerning what fashion, luxury, passion for this field mean.  Is really fascinating how much fashion influences our lives without even realizing.  Thank you very much for all the hard work made for all of us.
I loved the course! A lot of information, very interesting topics and assignments. I wouldnt say its easy to pass, but that makes it even better, because you have to make an effort and its makes me feel accomplished just passing the tests. Thank you for the course.
Definitely, I'm glad I did this course. It helped me a lot to have another POV about fashion and luxury. I would definitely update it because the content is from 2013, but in general, I believe it was great.Thanks to Universita Bocconi and all the people involved.
This course has been great since the beginning. I want to highlight the fantastic job made by the teachers, the materials gave with real scenarios as Dsquared2 and the quality of the interviews as the one with Tomasso Galli and Remo Ruffini. Thanks for everything
It was a great experience learning from the university on coursera. I understood a lot about how the fashion companies have established and how every business model works differently,  a very in depth look into the management of the fashion and luxury companies.
This course was amazing. I am thankful to these two professors and Bocconi University that developed it for Coursera. It is really great to live in era where all this expert knowledge is so easy to access. Thank you again, this course is organized in perfection.
It would be nice to have a second part of those topics involved in this course,In particular, how to use the luxury strategies for other products such as perfumes, bags, jewelry, etc.Also, to go depper in terms of luxury advertising communication analysisthanks,
Excellent! Content & Professors are some of the best in the world of the Fashion Industry, the content has high quality and the interviews are very good, too! Hope Bocconi can add more Fashion Courses in Coursera or even a Fashion Diploma. Kind Regards!
Short explanation, too many concepts and  no sequence of theories introduced.On the other side, very nice subject and materials, I assume that the profs are very good too, just restructuring of the whole story-tell of the course would be more effective.
Very Inspiring and practical to business. I enjoyed very much the lessons, as well as all the interviews and discussion. The teaching is lively and the extensive brand studies are very impressive. Lovely every module in this course. Highly recommended
Great course to learn and increase your knowledge on fashion and luxury! The videos and all the material are a great source for learning. I would totally recomend this course for anyone who wants to further now morw about fashion, business and luxury!
Absolutely LOVED this course!  Great selection of resources from lectures to videos to case studies to interviews.  Very interesting and educational at the same time!  Nicely organized and presented!  So happy I registered for the class.  Thank you!
An amazing course for those who has never got in touch with fashion industry and would like to step in. Clear structures and easy to understand. The cases and interviews are quite helpful for understanding and make the course not too theoretical.
I like this course a lot because it gives you a wide view of the luxury and fashion brands management. It's very dynamic and easy-to-read information, very useful. I would definitely like to take another course like this from Bocconi University.
I really liked it, for me it was a way to study and review in details some information about fashion and luxury. The material is very useful and interesting, I would suggest only to update the reports proposed to one year previous to the course.
this is the best online course i have studied. Please come up with some more fashion and accessory courses also, because being an accessory student in delhi, India, I have always looked forward to whatever knowledge i can get, i should grab it.
I didn't have any experience (or knowledge) in the fashion industry. The course was a great primer towards understanding such an important and ubiquitous area of business. I specially enjoyed the lessons and insights given by Erica Corbellini.
The course was amazing. I learned so many new things and I would definitely recommend it. Thanks to the professors, who really made me believe that fashion is my path in life and showed everyone that we can all learn something new every day.
Amazing course,though it took me several months to complete it it was so worth it. I got a deeper view in the fashion industry management as well as the luxury companies. The interviews with the different directors and CEOs were very helpful
It was a god course to brush up on my basics again. However, since it is a little older maybe updated links to relevant articles and examples would be helpful.Academically, the course was an informative and easy to navigate online course.
This course surprised me, because it not only bring us a view of the fashion and luxury itself, through definitions and examples, but also came up with lots of information within those industrys, business models, and so on and so forth.
Very enriching. The course gave me the theoretical and practical tools to implement strategies on product and brand management, strategic communications and marketing, and brand identity among other elements of the science of branding.
The course is well designed, loved the teaching, got to know the fashion and luxury companies from the core. I hope I will be able to use the skills at my work in the future. The assignments are challenging. Overall its a good course.
These course is very useful for me as a textile engineering . I got lot of new thing in garmenting , wholesale & retail marketing , what is fashion and luxury , how they are handling and other thing .... It's useful for fashion world
It is a very interactive course. The teachers are very engaging and provide several examples when explaining the theory. The course is well organised, giving an overall look about fashion and luxury industry. I strongly recommend it.
This course was extremely detailed and captivating in terms of understand more about how the fashion industry operates on various levels. I absolutely enjoyed process and would love to one day be part of this field as a career path.
It is a great course, very comprehensive and profound. It
provides a deep dive into the fashion business with theoretical elements and
illustrative and interesting cases and videos. Well-structured and performed.
Highly recommend!
Informative. Instructions are well-equipped with examples and interviews. I learned a lot and was able to understand more about the business and management aspect of this industry. I can already apply what I learned with my job.
I absolutely loved this course. As an employee on the digital side of one of the world's leading beauty brands, I found this course extremely relevant to the real-world marketing & strategic issues I face on a day-to-day basis.
A very interesting Courser where you can learn many things from the basic concepts of the Fashion and Luxury world. I hope to see more courses focused on Fashion and Luxury soon in Coursera, that would be so much appreciated!
Very interesting course, with big contents and lots of information. More addressed to people with a business degree.Just one suggestion: as the course is meant to be for international students, English should be improved.
I really liked the content, interviews, external sources and the presentation from the experts during all the course, the information I got is beneficial and very powerful to add it to my knowledge and career. Thank you.
It is a really high quality course. I can see the effort of the production of this course. For example, the interview with the CEO of many fashion companies really provides us with some insights of the fashion industry.
I loved this course. Is a must if you're into the fashion business. Helps you get your mind structured around this business and how it works. The professors are outstanding and they have huge important guests. Amazing!
great course, such a comprehensive look at the business of fashion. also, the videos are very manageable, right length, and the instructors and guests are extremely professional and pleasant to listen to. well done!
Had a great time during this course. Having no knowledge of this sector, this course has been extremely helpful and informative. It has helped me get an insight in to the Fashion and Luxury world. Great course!! :)
The course helped me to gain insights of Fashion and Luxury industry. Thanks to the Instructors and the SDA Bocconi team to offer this incredible course full of relevant information & knowledge sharing experience.
A highly application oriented course with a substantial number of case studies and interviews with industry insiders. An innovative platform to begin understanding the world of luxury and fashion brand management.
Rich in knowledge, great guests and case studies. Vastly knowledge lecturers. Tough but worth the time and the effort to complete it. I learned crusual things that would help me in my work (business consulting).
This course helped me get a deeper understanding in fashion and luxury concepts. Even though i have a background in Fashion retailing, this course helped clarify a lot of fundamentals which i didn't know earlier
Qualitative materials; interesting lessons and topics, Greta teachers and case studies. I loved the course and I’ve learned so much. Thank you for creating This course. I suggest it to every fashion enthusiast
It's a really great course! Learnt a lot about fashion and brands in particular and the assignments lets me to really analyze and be hands on with their case studies! There are amazing guest speakers as well!
Course was good. I have learned a bunch of important things, slides are nice and well-designed, interviews and case studies are useful. I admit that following Erica sometimes was quite hard. Very good course!
I loved and enjoyed so much this course! I want to thank those amazing teachers, I learned so many things about Fashion and Luxury industry. Thank you, I want to take another course related, to keep learning!
Amazing classes with amazing techers! Learning about what  luxury really means is so important to my career. Also, Learning about the importance of luxury items in the economy and society is simply fantastic.
This was an excellent course. I've engaged in a range of online training courses in the past and this was the best, based on depth and scope of content, as well as additional case study content. Many thanks!
Very unique and educational course. It gave me a great amount of new information about Luxury Market all the way to the Mass Market. It was a pleasure to be educated by Erica Corbellini and Stefania Saviolo.
Great course to open a door to fashion industry, will be awesome if there's field study in the homework - ask the students to study the brands/visit the stores and facilitate them by some homework questions.
Concise and practical lectures. Well-thought through course design. Interesting readings and visual support for lectures. New and unique topic. Great job. It's one of the best courses I've taken on Coursera.
I loved the course. Definitely a lot of information that could be useful in a work environment. My favorite week was the Communications/PR week. It was super interesting with the interviews and discussions.
This is a very excellent and detailed course for one to get in depth knowledge about fashion and luxury management system how it works at each and every step .. right from inspiration to retail ... thank u
This has been a great refresher after completing my Masters in Luxury Brand Management 3 years ago! Learnt a lot about how Luxury brands are making their presence noticed in the digital era and e-commerce.
Really enjoyed this course, I learned tons of information and was challenged by the quizzes and final test. My only wish would be to expand on the Luxury sector more than concentrate on the Fashion topics.
Such a great course that teaches you the basics of management of fashion and luxury companies. I learnt so much in this course, I highly recommend it to anyone considering a career in the fashion industry.
Dear Sir or Madam!For me it was a great introduction into the Fashion and Luxury Business. It was challenging, interesting, and also very informative.Thank you very much!Best regards,Florian Josef Reheis
Thank You so much for this course! I had a great pleasure learning Fashion Management online, the course was really interesting for me and gave me a lot of information and basics of a fashion industry.
I learned the basics of every business model in the fashion industry, which is very useful for me who wants to understand the marketing model of the clothing industry.  This class is very usefull!
The course is set very well. The contents are clear and very rich. The explanations are compelling and the teachers are very well prepared. The extra content is exciting. Great course. Thank you!
I really enjoyed all the course because it gives a great overview of the industry. It is well structured between theory and examples / interview. Hope you create a second and more advanced course
I love the course! I couldn't recommend it enough! Our professors instructors were a charm and their charisma will remain with me for the days to come.. You might teach me one day... Grazie! ! !
It is a very very rich course with two Professional professor , it was fun in the same time . i highly recommended this course for everyone who is intersted in fashion and luxury buisiness .
A very complete and excellent course for people interested in fashion business and how it works globally. Would definitely recommend it for people starting and that want to stay updated.
The course was of great importance to develop a broader vision about the world of fashion and how it works.
I can only thank you for everything.
I will take to life what I learned here.
I would highly recommend this course to fashion aspirants.It has everything that you need to know about the industry.I am highly satisfied and fortunate enough to complete this course.
Excellent course! I learned so much about fashion and luxury. All the videos and notes are extremely interesting and useful. Anyone who is interested in this subject should go for it.
Very interesting course. Covers many topics of the world of fashion and retail. Can be understood by anyone and gives a proper introduction to luxury companies' management. Thank you
I have really enjoyed this course. It has given me a vast amount of a crucial information. The value of the all extra materials, Pinterest boards, overviews cannot be overestimated.
I loved it. Was a great way to learn and get to know better the strategies inside the luxury world and the different channels of communication that brands use to share their story.
Thank you for a wonderfully informative course. Wish the team behind it the very best. I hope Coursera and Bocconi will choose to collaborate on more courses in the coming future.
Very comprehensive way to have a first understanding of the industry. Obviously is not a deep dive, everything is quite high level but it is very weel structured. Congratulations
Great course for people both new and old to fashion and luxury industries. Very hands-on and interactive course content with great interviews by leading people from the industry
Very comprehensive and easy for understanding information is given within the framework of  this course. I recommend it for the professionals close to Fashion or Luxury spheres.
excellent content, thanks a lot for this opportunity. I am sure that with this certificate I will achieve new horizons in the field of fashion and luxury! I highly recommend it.
This course gave me the opportunity to deepen my knowledge of fashion system, starting from Bussiness models to communication and retail in a very engaging and interesting way.
I learned a lot of this course, it was a very large supplement to my knowledge . If someone wants to get credit - you need to master the matreial with details.  I recommend :-)
It was an extremely informative, interesting and inspiring course! It opened the door into the fascinating world of fashion management and fashion all in all. Thanks a lot!!!
Extremely impressed with the professionalism of the course, its content and the masters. I cannot believe its over I already miss it! Thank you Bocconi for such opportunity.
The course started on a bit flat front but it turned out to be one of the finest courses I have done on Coursera.The course material was structured.The tests were thorough.
Loved this course! Learned a lot, and it was so much fun! Learn the difference between fashion and luxury - you will never look at shopping in the same way, or learn how to
I really enjoyed the opportunity of getting closer to the world of fashion. The contents available have been very useful and were very well put together with high quality.
Great course! It provides a great introduction to the world of fashion and luxury companies. I particularly enjoyed case studies of Desquared2 and other successful brands.
Great course! Gives brief, but comprehensive information about fashion market organization. Highly recommended for everybody who work or want to work at fashion industry.
A very inspiring course! It provides you the opportunity to deepen your knowledge about Fashion and Luxury world through video lessons, discussion forums and interviews.
I reallyt love this course! I've opened so many facts and information about fashion companies and their business cases and also about their history. Thank you very much)
my compliment, the course was very interesting and improved my knowledge in a good way. Now i can look at some things in a very different way,  differently from before.
I found the course very interesting and helpful to better understand the industry in which I work. It gave me wider perspective of the world of fashion and luxury goods
Thank you very much for this training! Quality content, clear explanations, awesome speakers and awesome interviews. This certification is dynamic and rich in learning.
Amazing course! I wish there were more courses about the fashion industry. The professors were great and the videos were so informative. Really enjoyed it. Thank you!
it was very interesting and useful to participate in such a course as it gives me many fundamental knowledge of fashion and luxury industries and how to manage them.
AMAZING course at Bocconi.You can really learn how fashion and luxury work especially because there are a lot of interviews that help to get a better understanding.
They pushed me to be more inquisitive about brands, their structuring, and business strategies. Also, I go motivated to do more with my brand. Very exciting course.
Thank you very much for this course, i have a hospitality background and always wanted to learn about luxury companies and this course definitely helped! Great job!
Very good content. All the topics are beautifully explained and the interviews and panel discussions are very helpful. Thank you for designing this course so well.
The Course is informative and interesting however my suggestion is to update courses every two years as in the 21st century, information is getting dated faster.
Such an informative course, with a wide use of multi-media learning platforms (Pintrest, videos, interviews, websites, YouTube, etc.) I'm actually sad it's over!
I really enjoyed the course and learned great content. The videos and slides were always interesting and entertaining. It was a real pleasure to take this class!
It was excellent, I learned so much and want to learn more.  It opened me to a world of fashion and luxury that I did not know.  I would recommend this course.
A really good and informative course, interesting topics and good teachers. I would definitely recommend it for people, who are interested in fashion business.
Wonderful course with great insights. Event for a person working in different business, it gives great introduction, detailed structure and platform to learn.
I learned a lot, it's full of important informations!!! It's a very rich course, I highly recommend! Thanks for the team involved to make this course happen!!
I liked the contents covered in this course because most of the topics were new to me and I could gain more knowledge related to fashion and luxury industry.
This Course give me the big picture of Luxury / Fashion Industry, its model, format, etc. But I think the course could be more specific with some case study.
The teaching method, lesson plans, and materials are incredible. Strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to deepen knowledge of fashion industry.
Great course I had an amazing time learning. Thank You Very much to Coursera and Bocconi for make it possible, congradulations to all of you. See you soon.
This course really gives me a complete approach about what distinguish a luxury brand from others and what are the key factors to makes a brand luxurious.
This course took me deep into the culture and traditions associated with luxury brands and merchandise to learn about this important international market!
Very interesting course. I have always been interested in the world of fashion and luxury, but now I have a clear idea of what it's all about. Thank you!
This course was fun, interactive and eye opening. I definitely  recommend it for anyone in love with fashion and/ or hoping to enter the fashion industry
This was a very interesting and well taught course. I have learned some knew information about the fashion industry. It was also an enjoyable experience
Incredible! I feel like I learned so much throughout this course and I feel so ready to take on a new chapter in my life and pursue a career in fashion!
I wonderful and educational course for those looking to begin or learn more about the retail and fashion industry. Truly a remarkable school and course!
Incredible content and very useful insights of what Luxury brands are all based on. Incredible interviews and brain-wreck facts too. Highly recommended!
I loved this course, enjoyed every lesson, task and quiz! It was a great way to improve my knowledge in Fashion and Luxury system, thank you very much!
Challenging and extremely informative. I truly enjoyed it and it definitely encouraged me to dig deeper into the subject of business models. Thank you!
I really enjoy all the course, teachers and professionals give a great overview about the industry. Hope they create a second and more advanced course.
Amazing course! It is very complete, it has great resources, the professors are amazing, and it gives you very valuable knowledge. Definitely worth it.
WELL EXPLAINED AND WELL STRUCTURED. Very interesting course with what I had the opportunity of better know the world of fashion and luxury management.
Very informative course. I thoroughly enjoyed it and would highly recommend it to anyone interested in the luxury and fashion industry and in retail!
It was an excellent course. Teachers know what are they talking about and I really learn things that I did not. Waiting for more courses from BOCCONI
Like this course very much! qualitative and well-performed  study material, wonderful lecturers, a lot of additional information. Highly recommended!
very interesting course, with a tricky questions sometimes, but with ones that makes you think carefully. Very interesting interview videos. Thanks!
University of Bocconi was very efficient, the course has good amounts of interviews and extra reading material to add to the main course structure.
I truly loved the experience from start to finish. I wish this course can be part of and specialization about luxury companies beyond just fashion.
That is literally the best course I have done about fashion so far! Extremely grateful for the effort and time put in in making the course happen.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. I got to learn a lot about the inside story of the Fashion Industry and I am grateful to have taken this course.
As a marketing student, I think teachers speach very useful and fantastical . I learn about a lot of  company about luxury and fashion strategy.
Excellent course! Congratulations to everyone involved in this project. Hope to engage in other courses from Bocconi and SDA Bocconi and Mafash.
very informative and amazing course lots of knowledge will be gained by the student and perception towards market and brands will change a lot.
Excellent course. Comprehensive lessons, Good samples, interesting complementary material and interviews with relevant players in the industry.
it provides a comprehensive angle of clothing and luxury industry as well as relevant marketing strategy in the present financial circumstance.
Great Basics for Luxury Business. I just wished they could update since is from early 2010. But is super applicable if you are in the industry
This course provided new perspectives and a wider range of new skills very useful for my future in the luxury and fashion business management.
Very interesting and deep dive into the world of fashion for anyone that has even a small interest in the industry. Certainly worth your time!
Great speakers, good involvement, detailed topics, and not an easy tests to be honest, but I loved it from the beginning. Highly recommend!
It is a very inspiring online course I took. It is not only about Fashion and Luxury management, but a diversified way of the future world.
I have learned a lot from this course. Highly recommended for any one works in the commercial department of any fashion and luxury company.
Excellent. It is very comprehensible even for someone who is completely new to fashion industry. Will be very interested in specialization.
i enjoyed this course as it gave me in depth insight knowledge about how the luxury brands functions and how the fashion brands fucntions.
I suggest this course to understand how the fashion system works and improve your skills about management of fashion and luxury companies.
I would recommend this course both for people without any experience in fashion and with some experience. It's very interesting to follow.
Thank you for such an informative and fascinating course! I have learned a lot through it and will recommend this to my friends for sure!
Great professors. Tons of exclusive material. Especially enjoyed interviews with industry professionals. Really learned a lot. Thank you!
This wonderful course has a lot of extremely useful information, is very well explained and has very good material and quality teachers.
Very good course, sad its finished. Good level of content aimed at a business professional interested in the fashion and luxury segment.
It is honestly amazing amazing amazing course. You will fall in love with the way they teach and the information they will bring to you
Very recommended, interesting topics and the course itself is well organised in terms of graphic, organisation and chapter arrangement.
I came in as novice in the fashion industry but after I completed this course, I know understand how to run my own fashion business.
This course has enabled me to understand how the fashion and luxury industries work in many levels (retailing, manufacturing, commun
dopting a case-study approach, the course presents strategic  in luxury and fashion  as a balancing act:

brand managementcompanies
Very interesting course that helps a better understanding of a huge part of the fashion and luxury market.  I really appreciate it.
Course was really interesting, just one of the teachers speaks not so clearly but the program is well done and it's more complete.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course! It was harder than anticipated but still very informative and a great way to extend your knowledge.
The course was wonderful. It's probably one of the best free courses I have ever taken. It was enriching and interesting to watch.
Great learning & eye opening course. Especially last week was really unexpected to analyse brand strategy from its annual report.
Course well organized with interesting case studies and interviews with CEOs and experts, from both the fashion and luxury world.
Very detailed course which gives a good understanding from managerial side of companies. Many slides provided for clear learning.
Absolutely wonderful!  I'm not even in this field and I had a great time learning about this.  I want to learn more!  Thank you!
So great to learn and i still need to look at some videos but it really helped me understand better the fashion world. Thank You
captivating and stimulating.I knew a lot of new aspects of fashion and my idea about that has changed in many respects.Thank you
Very thorough and detailed for an online course! The lecture slides, additional interviews and reports are an excellent feature!
Great course! Thanks a lot! Loved the interviews with major brands. I would definitely take another course from this university.
This course is really interesting with a lot of information.I encourage everyone who has an interest in the Fashion to take it.
The course is practical and very useful. The instructors are amazing. I strongly recommend it . Thank you Bocconi and Coursera.
This course is so interesting and complete! Is easy to understand even for not native english speakers. I highly recommend it!
It is a really good course, i should recommend it to everyone. The only suggestion i would like to give is to keep it updated.
A very good course. It is greatful the knowhow of its instructors and the great quality of information and lectures. Thank you
Great course! I'm a fashion student and learned so much about management and luxury, which wasn't really mentioned in school.
The course is disigned perfectly for the first step to Luxury & fashion management. I love the course because of casestudies.
Thank you very much for the opportunity to improve my knowledge in different spheares of life! Really priceless expirience :)
An amazing course where the theory  notions are associated with case histories useful for practical activities.
Recommended.
This course does give a lot of insight into the Fashion and Luxury segment of the world. Learnt new things in this spectrum.
I am in love with Managment of Fashion and Luxury Companies! THANK YOU SO MUCH! My dream to graduate from Bocconi came true!
Awesome class. I find it very complete and made me want to study more in that field. The video and slides were very helpful!
Thank you for this great opportunity to listen to this course online! It's strong begining for me to start fashion business.
Gave Great real world examples and Interviews with established companies. A great business analysis of the Fashion Industry.
i experienced lot of interesting course materials and sessions, a very best course for anyone look into world in new view...
Excellent and very recommend course held by an recognizable and premium University such as Università Bocconi, a guarantee!
incredibly usefull and insightful!!! it gives a very holistic perspective of the complex world of fashion!! it was great!!!
Excellent course, a great selection of topics for those who need a general understanding of how the fashion industry works
Excellent overview of the pre-Covid-19 Fashion and Luxury goods industry. Food for thought for the new post pendemic era.
What a fantastic course! If you love fashion and luxury brands and want to work for one, this is a great course to learn!
Great if you have absolutely no notion of how the fashion and luxury industry works. Great examples and amazing teachers.
It is a great chance that anyone from around the glob is able to enroll and participate in one of the Bocconi's  courses!
Amazing lecturers and I really enjoyed listening to the audios, which were full of examples and interesting case studies!
Got a learn a a lot from this course !! The proper categorization and ease in the language makes it easy to understand !
Thanks for giving lots of information about fashion & Luxury brand. It will be helpful to work in fashion company later.
Excellent Course , content , Case studies, Detailing. Enjoyed every bit. Iam passionate about luxury brand and business.
Great course! All information is very good structured and easy to understand. Highly recommended!
Good luck to everyone!
Great course with a broad overview and excellent subject knowledge gained from it. Informative and consistently helped.
Very interesting course provided with real-life examples and videos in addition to insightful interviews and articles.
It offers an overview of the main current Fashion & luxury industry's topics. Really glad to have choosen this course.
Highly informative and engaging... very relevant and a must for EVERY person looking to get ahead in the luxury sector
It is a great course the teachers explain things in an amazing way. The interviewa are also very enlightning. Thanks.
it is a such a helpful course, for who wants know more about the fashion and luxury management. it's so recommended.
Very good course. It's a pity tough it is not a chapter about the financial aspect and stratégie of the brand sector
This course is full of information and specific terminology. Thank you for such an opportunity to study this course.
I really enjoyed this course. Every lesson was very effective and I learned many things that I hadn't known before.
Fantastic course with great structure and well-versed lecturers. Good introduction to a rather fascinating world :)
As a complete outsider in the fashion and luxury world, this course was very informative and, inherently, guiding.
It's perfect for those who love the world of fashion and want to understand how work Fashion and Luxury Companies.
The course is comprehensive and tries to cover latest happenings in fashion. the interviews were very insightful.
I just started and i am quite impressed with how suitable the information they are giving towards my job! Low it!
had a good understanding and overview about global fashion marketing and global fashion brands and the industry.
amazing experience i would suggest to make quiz questions that are based on mind of us to answer and then graded
Very organized and specific. I liked the tests because they really check if you actually understood the lessons.
Its an amazing course and should be done by everyone interested in understanding the fashion and luxury industry
I want to change my work to work in the fashion industry, and I think this knowledge will be an excellent start.
You can learn a lot from this course, all the content are really useful and I really enjoyed learningThank you.
I enjoyed the course. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the lecturers for this fantastic journey!
It´s a great course, not only for amplify your knowledge, but also to satisfy one´s curiousity and to inspire
A very interesting and complete course! I learned a lot about Fashion and Luxury Communication and Marketing.
Fantastic course. Reveals the inner workings of the fashion and luxury business. Relevant to every industry.
Really makes understand you understand the fashion industry more precisely and how it operates, recommend!!!
Loved it. Expanded my knowledge a great deal. Thought me things I didn't even know existed. Awesome teachers
An excellent course about Fashion! I've learned so many things about luxury that i have never thought about!
Really good overview of the fashion industry.  I am a beginner and found the content digestible and helpful.
Great course. Learned a lot. Good thing is that there are many interviews with luxury companies' executives.
The course is well designed, which is compact and gives you an overview of both Luxury and Fashion industry.
hope there will be some sequel courses ! so interesting and inspirational !!! Thank you Universita Bocconi !
the course is basic and good to practical application , hope have advanced courses to learn in the future .
Overall, I think it was very informative. Excellent. At times I thought the lecturers were hard to follow.
I think it was very professional and high-quality content. It was a pleasure to take part in this course.
Very, intersting courses .THANKs to the instructors .& and thanks to Coursera <3#SA7iTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO:{
Perfectly designed courses with ample case studies. I loved going through those annual financial reports.
This course has taught me so much interesting information, I am very happy to have been able to take it !
Loved this course, gained so much information and learnt things about fashion that I never knew before.
really satisfied ........ loved this because this course have more real business world cases & examples
Thank you for this wonderful course and compliments for the professors for their passions and culture.
Love this course! I learned a lot and I will take this knowledge with me and hopefully use it at work!
I hadn't taken a fashion -oriented course in over ten yrs. This was great! I sincerely felt "updated."
I've learned a lot about fashion and luxury companies, retail identity, management and communication.
The contents were very interesting and very well explained. The course was way above my expectations.
Excellent presentation and very useful for gaining knowledge in Managing Fashion and Luxury Companies
Well structured and the material provided was really suitable for the tests and for further studies.
it was not easy for me but very interesting ! professional level of Bocconi Professors is very high!
Dear All, let me say thank you very much for this efficient and prolifirent course. I learned a lot.
Thank you very much for this interesting course. I like the subjects and I would like to learn more.
This is a very useful resource for anyone who is interested to learn more about retail and fashion.
Fantastic Overview of fashion industries System, allows you to understand what's behind any Brands
Amazing course. I learned so much and am very excited to begin getting my foot into the industry.
A very nice course, thoroughly enjoyed my time. Could have been made more practical and in depth.
Learned more than I had hoped for. Wished there was some hand-on experience like case competition
It does provide insight into the fashion and luxury markets. The interviews are very interesting.
Informative, practical, related-to real life, diversified learning experiences, many case studies
Gave me a much better understanding of how luxury brand work and how to go about creating my own.
It was very interesant, and usefull for understanding the luxury business. A really great course
Amazing course that touches a lot of interesting topics for people that aim to work in the field
A very interesting course, with detailed information and useful slides, notes, and case studies.
Great overview and practical insights from the industry. Very beneficial as a good introduction.
I know a lot about Luxury brands management and how they work.. thank you it means a lot for me
Very good and gives you a different perspective of the inner workings of retail at Luxury level
Excellent course well organized full of important information, very helpful, very recommended.
Very useful course for people who are already in fashion and industry or want to be a part of.
I would be delighted to attend a specialization in Management of Fashion and Luxury Companies.
Very good exercise to learn english and a lot of interesting things about fashion and luxury.
The course is very interesting and it offers a diverse range of subjects and study materials.
A very beautiful course, the teachers are very competent and the lessons are very interesting
Amazing experience. Very informative. And I do really appreciate the ability to make it free.
Its been a pleasure knowing things about fashion and luxury and the dimensions around them .
This is a really good course, I got to learn and explore more of a business side of fashion.
Very Comprehensive and informative course for young professionals and business owners alike.
I would suggest this course to anyone who is serious about a career int he fashion industry.
An excellent introduction to the concepts required for the management of luxury and fashion.
Absolutely recommend this! I've learnt so much and it's such a great certification to hold.
It's such a complete curse where ou will learn a lot about the fashion industry. I loved it
Excellent! The content is very interesting and useful for all fashion and economics lovers!
Its really nice journey with this course. Hopefully this course help me in my career life.
Extremely useful course give a full overview on fashion business models. Highly recommend!
it's a really interesting course, especially if you are interesting in the fashion field
A great experience, knowledge and strategies for management and marketing for business.
it is a very efficient course. covers most of the part related to the fashion industry.
Love it! I have learned so much! This course gave me some new ideas. Thank you so much!
Basic knowledge about the fashion and luxury business, still very useful and complete.
A great introdution into the luxury fashion industry with great exmaples and insights.
It is an excellent course. However, it was created in 2013 and it need to be updated.
Really informative and useful course. Good content and very penetrable video lessons.
Teachers are great, content is very interesting and the  course is very well designed
Great insight into luxury brand content with great case studies to explain the theory
Very good course to kick off a management role in Fashion and Luxury retail companies
Great course! Amazing teachers, a lot of information and very interesting interviews.
Super interesting, very inspirational!If you are a fashionista, you must to do this!
Interesting and easy to understand, all the cases and interviews are very helpful...
Great course. Learned a lot. The videos and reading material are very well prepared.
Vey interesting content, especially interviews with different brand representatives!
Wonderful opportunity to learn more and more about the industry in a very clear way!
Very useful and high quality course for people who interested in fashion management
I LOVED IT, learned so much about the industry in terms of business and management.
Very clear and practical, really good to understand the basics of fashion business.
Hello. Thank you for this Amazing possibility to Lean more atout fashion and luxury
Fabulous course to upgrade your knowledge in luxury and fashion management market!
It helped me a lot to understand about luxury and the aspects of luxury retailing.
Its an excelente course and introduction into fashion and luxury business overall
This Course perfectly explains everything about the fashion and luxury Industry.
very interesting. Good content. Challenging enough. Very happy about the course!
Highly reccommend this course for anyone who wants to work in fashion or luxury.
Excelent video content, support readings and teachers. I love make this course.
excellent Course, awesome teachers and very useful material and items to learn.
Great course for those who wants to learn how fashion industry works in general
Well done! Thanks to this course I learned much about Fashion&Luxury Companies.
This is an excellent course which gave me an understanding for foreign markets.
The course is really good. Nice speakers, interesting information. Recommend !
Very enlightening! Interesting perspective about fashion and luxury industries
The best course ever, thank you all for making this opportunity to studying it
Very detailed in different luxury business areas. Excellet! HIghly recommend!
Interesting course that gives a well structured view of the luxury management
Offered detailed insight into the management of fashion and luxury companies
I learned a lot about luxury companies! thanks for this incredible course :)
This course was amazing, well explained, material on point and very helpful!
I loved this course, the content is good, has a lot of interviews and cases.
Great Insights, Methodical teaching and covers the entire industry spectrum
Excellent course from the top Italian university, the Bocconi University.
Thoroughly enjoyed the contents of this course and the learning material.
an excellent course that updates you about the industry. Thanks Coursera
This course is worth to learn to increase my brand management knowledge.
Excellent course with an incredible pedagogical method. I wait for more!
Very well explained course... All about fashion and its business models.
Great and easy understanding of the Fashion Industry and its variables.
I just love the way the professors teach and show you every concept! :)
One of the best course so far. It makes sure that you learn everything.
Adore this course, wish it would be more courses connected with fashion
This course gives a lot of knowledge about Fashion and Luxury Fashion.
Really well structured, interesting and worth dedicating your time to.
I have enjoyed, now I have a different vision about Fashion and Luxury
Please do more courses like this It explain a lot about this industry.
This course is best.. I learn many things about fashion brands luxury
It is so interesting , full of new ideas and organized well.good luck
Big Eye-opener. I really enjoyed this look into the fashion business.
Excellent course for people interested in fashion and Luxury industry
A great course for beginners who want to understand fashion industry.
Awesome course, great materials and good teachers. Thank you Bocconi.
Awesome course ! Very interactive and easy E learning platform!!!!!!
I Love this course, It has excellent materials and resources. Thanks
quite systematic! helpful to learn the insights of fashion industry!
I love the course the course material was good and very informative.
I recommend this course. This added a lot to my knowledge and work.
thanks easy to understand and share our simillar experiences with .
Rich pratical learning materials and structral lesson presentation.
Well curated course and loved a lot from it. Enjoyed it thoroughly
It is nice learning online, it was very informative and productive
Thats great!! I am grateful to the teachings of this online course
Thank  you for such an amazing course.  It was hard but we did it!
Great and useful course if you want to enter the fashion business.
I gain many insights from this course, I really enjoy the course!
Really educating, easy to follow and complete. 10/10 recommended.
I love it and i really want the certificate and the next session
The course is very interesting and formative. I really enjoyed.
Great content! Wish they did another class or a specialization.
I am a beginner in fashion and I found this course very usefull
i have learn a lot from this great teachers, excellent course!
i enjoyed this course ,the info is amazing, very useful for me
the course was interesting and i learned a lot of new things.
Very interesting information. I totally recomend this course.
Simple approach to start getting familiar with a new industry
It helps me to understand this industry in a very short time!
it was great experience for me! thank you for the knowledge.
Excellent course and professional and sofisticated teachers!
Helpful to beginners in business studies;Easy to understand;
Extremely useful for those interested in fashion and luxury!
It is an amazing knowledge for fashion bussiness followers!
Very nice course to give you an introduction in this field.
I love this course and will help me for my life and career!
Its a great course  ... i learned many things abut fashion
One of the amazing courses on Fashion and Luxury Brands...
Very informative and thorough course by excellent teachers
Evcellent work! nice interviewes and a lot of Information!
i learned many useful things from this course. Thank you!
VERY WELL PUT TOGETHER ....SO THRILLED TO BE PART OF THIS
I really enjoyed this course and recommend it to everyone
Amazing insight to the business industry. Great teachers!
I loved the course took me to different level in fashion.
It was very usefull and interesting. I really enjoyed it.
A very informative and well delivered program. Thank you.
I'm learning so much from this course. I love this course
Wonderful instructors. Informative interviews. Loved it.
Great course for learning of Luxury and Fashion business
Thats a lot for this very interesting and useful cource.
Interesting course with great information to study on.
Great Course to understand how to run a luxury company
This is one of the best course i make online! amazing!
Great program for people starting in Fashion industry.
Highly recommend if you want to know about the sector.
I loved it!! Thank you so much!! Bocconi and Coursera.
Thank you a lot for this course! I really enjoyed it!
This is a very strong course about the fashion world!
I loved the course! Please have more fashion courses.
Very interesting and useful course! I was impressed!
It's been a very useful course, thank you very much!
That was a fantastic course. thank you very much !!!
Excellent content and valuable videos and interviews
Excellent course to know more about fashion's world.
Very interesting and useful! So much professional!
really good lectures and gained a lot of knowledge
Excellent info for a startup in the fashion world.
Excellent course, with great additional resources
very interesting, structured. I like it very much
Amazing course for the beginners  in the industry
Nice journey towards fashion and luxury products.
loved the assignments and content of the program
Very interesting. Thank you Università Bocconi
Amazing course, but also demanding! Thank you.
Excellent.  Very enlightening and well taught.
One of the best course I ever take in coursera
Good to know if you are in fashion industry :)
Excellent course! Very didactic and complete.
A very informative and well delivered course.
This was an amazing course! i got learn a lot
Very Enriching and very well conceptualized.
Very interesting, a lot of info are in there
An awesome and most interesting course ever.
Very fulfilling from the first week onwards.
Great course with so many useful contents...
great material content and overall structure
This course is very useful and interesting!
Very interesting and well elaborated course
Very informative course. Highly recommended
Great course with very interesting content.
It was a really informative and fun course!
Very stimulating, interesting and accurate.
Wonderful Information, fun and interactive.
very interesting and important information
This course helps me to bulit my own brand
Very interesting and fascinating course!!!
fantastic information, contents, syllabus.
The best fashion management course ever!!!
Interesting class and surprisingly useful!
this seems like a horizon changing topic.
Very intriguing,informative and helpful!
ME ENCANTÓ EL CURSO SE APRENDE DEMASIADO
Very informative and challenging course.
Great introduction to fashion and retail
Great teachers, good body gesticulation.
Very nice course. Enjoyed it thoroughly
Very interesting and also challenging !
It was broad enough to cover the topic.
very detail and helpful with subtitles
Really well made and rich of materials
Great Teachers and Amazing Materials !
good course with interesting insights!
Great to know more about luxury market
Amazing fashion course. Very complete.
Very well done! Thank you very much!
Extremely cool course! Thank you! :)
Very informative, relevant and fun.
Amazing and interesting course !!!
Has gained me valuable information
Interesting and really informative
such a good and informative course
The course is greatly informative.
It was really new - thank you all!
Really enjoyed taking this course
Great!! Huge amount of knowledge!
This course is a luxury! amazing!
Amazing, incredibly interesting!
Very useful and well structured!
Amazing teachers, great content!
Great course, very well made it
Great course. Very informative.
I have learned a lot,thank you!
Simply fantastic! Thank you!!!
It was very beneficial course.
great, i really learned a lot!
WOW. 10 stars for this course.
A very rich course. Thank you
Very helpful and informative!
great course i learned a lot.
The first week is yet awesome
Excellent course and material
Very informative and useful!
Super interesting and useful
Beautifully curated content.
Very good course. Thank you.
THIS IS AN AMAZING COURSE!!!
Great course. Very complete.
It was a amazing experience
loved every minute of it!!
what an insight, amazing!
Informative and elaborate
Great course and content.
A very intersting lesson.
this is excellent course
Yes it was overall good.
best course for learning
Very useful and relevant
Good to have this course
A must for retail stars!
I learned a lot, thanks
Thank you to the team.
i learned it very well
great course v helpful
usefull and intersting
I learned so much!!!!
It was a good course!
Very nice course ...
merely wonderful .
Very Good Quality!
Love this course!
Totally approved!
Very  informative
Very interesting!
i love the course
Great course!! :D
Great Learning !
It was excellent
Very usefull!!!
very educative
Insightful ..
Great Mooc!
really nice
Just try it
many thanks
Lobed it
