Too simple to be realistic
Partly interesting insides and handy on examples. However, the questions are partly hard to understand. I personally, had a hard time understanding what the actual question was. The real life examples stayed above water level i.e. you only get to see the tip of the ice berg. The course does give a good overview over a great array of topics.
Gives VERY detailed and complex calculations at the end, without a lot of explanation for what the terms actually mean.  I took this hoping it was an intro course for entrepreneurs to understand investments, equity, etc, and it seemed WAY more advanced and from the perspective of a Private Equity Investor, rather than an entrepreneur.
Outdated, calculation errors, better explanation of  math bits
Very good introductory course to this complex subject. Videos are well explained and material is simple but sufficient. On the down side, I just felt that the lat module was a bit unstructured and that evaluations were not very numeric, even when a couple of modules do go into detail for numeric examples of exercises
Great overall material.I think work needs to be done in order to improve the presentation of new concepts and vocabulary as well as the English of the speaker (and the corresponding caption).
Some mistakes in slides and calculations. Focus mainly on PE and only a little bit of VC.Maths Formulas only explained in a superficial way, a lot of internet research is necessary to understand the content properly.With some prior business knowledge a worthwile course that enhances your skillset in PE&VC
Great introduction into the PE and VC, however, few examples. No relevant background on what it actually takes to set up a VC fund (I understand this is a broad topic, as the answer will depend on the country you are setting up the fund, however links to additional resources would have been great).
I am almost done with the course. The course Is a great intro touches on some of the important subjects but it lacks the depth required to cover the topic appropriately. would love to see a specialization in this topic with more hours and content covered.
The course is really good and the professor well prepared. It should include more real life examples and it should analyze a real PE firm or fund. Most of the courses are abstract and they do not analyze a real life case.
A good introductory course to the world of VC but fails to provide a deep enough dive into issues of internal VC/PE deal flow evaluation, processes. Not analytical enough.
Good course.  There are some typos on the quizzes in the translation to English that impact the questions and answers but the content is well thought out and informative.
Very interesting Course and detailed. I managed to gain knowledge regarding venture capital and private equity and successfully understood the terminology and logic.
You can learn a lot here but more case studies would be better instead of quite a lot legal and tax stuff. Some questions in the quizz are misleading.
Great experience and basic knowledge of PE & VC but too much theory, and no descriptions given about the assumptions made while valuation.
Very nice introduction in the private equity world, I like that the differences are explained between the anglosaxon an european systems
I wish we could have some better explanations regarding some calculations for the quiz :( otherwise the class was very interesting
This experience is so much hard...bcozz same more difficult to learn..but...this is good for mcq type questions.....thank you...
I reside in India, and the course dealt with a lot of theoretical concepts that may not have been directly linked to my region.
Was a great course in the teory, but for me was a need of more practice with numbers and real cases
It would be nice to have more real life case studies of EU VCs and US VCs and funded entrepreneurs
Speaker with poor English pronunciation. So fast and not very clear in the valuation topic.
Very general course, would have loved more detailed, real case example
The course is too theoretical and lacks practical examples approach
Good course, gives a better than average understanding of PE & VC
Challenging English form the videos. Too generic knowledge.
More practical examples on excel modeling would be better.
There is not enough material. Course should be longer.
I think there should be some homework
More Projects could have been added
Very nice compilation of the concept and practices in private equity market currently. A couple of concepts/jargons which I thought should have been touched upon were pre-money valuation, post money valuation, while the actual practice of arriving at the number of shares, was explain but no reference to the jargon was made. Also some understanding on concepts of liquidity discount, small size discount and control premium should have been touched upon in case of equity valuation which is quite relevant in case of valuation in small unlisted companies.Some more elaboration in the area of role and functioning of the investment committee could also be interesting.On the whole quite comprehensive, relevant and interesting. Regards,Jumana
First of all, I would like to thank Mr. Stefano Coselli, for the course. The course provide good general overview on how PE works, why PE is needed, benefits for VBC and good overview of the PE business framework and process. THe course will be very interesting for entrepreneurs and students that considers to work in PE business. I would be happy to see a bit more detailed insights on the negotiation  process (letter of intent, NDA, NBO, Binding offer, signing, closing), deal structuring (ofshore/onshore, tax issues etc) and  management process (rights need to be set out in the shareholders agreement etc).
This course is very insightful for any one who wants to know the details of The PE world. The course's Mentor Mr. Guenter H. Leonhardt is very dedicated and experienced person who answers every small to big questions. I want to thank him for that.  He always answers in detail that too on a very regular basis especially during COVID-19. There needs to be some improvement in some parts of the course. The study material in the slides is not explained in the videos. It is just as repeating every word in the slides and not adding any new . Every word is same. Apart from it overall the course is worth a shot.
Thank you for the great course, it was very helpful. The only thing that I would like to suggest to improve is to provide a bit more details on concepts rather than mostly formulas without detailing what it in particularly means. One small example:  In VCM approach the TV = Year N net income * P/E ratio, you can always apply just the formula to get the number, but not everyone will understand the concept behind. Also, would be great to add more practical info resources to use while making valuations, e.g. where to find market multiples, beta, etc. Even though, my experience was very positive. Thank you!
A fairly good introduction to Venture Capital and Private Equity (PE). The course gives you a good helicopter view of what is PE and how it works. It focuses on main characteristics definitions, structures, tax treatment and investment process. The course is mostly for beginners and in my opinion too superficial for investment professionals. Especially when it comes valuation in investment process.The author should review the learning material because it is full of typos.A good course overall if you haven't heard about PE before.
Excellent course for introduction to how private equity process works. I currently work in private equity advisory role and I found this course to be good to round-off my understanding of this industry further. However, I am giving it one star less as I don't see this course to be of great value to aspiring entrepreneurs. There needed to be a bit more focus on valuation of VC part of the course (sum of parts valuations, other multiple methods utilizing merchandise values, number of recurring customers, etc.).
This was a very good course that deals with a complex issue in a very simple and didactic manner. Notwithstanding, my critical comment is with regard to the formulas and calculations for the Company Valuation which I am afraid were not very well explained both in the slides and videos, thus imposing difficulties on my understanding of this specific subject matter and also to apply it for answering the quizzes. Thank you for providing such an interesting course and for sharing such knowledge!
This course provides a good insight in the world of Private Equity and Venture Capital. Being a beginner, the content was quite easy to understand. However, some concepts and the math can get a bit intense and too detailed. In the span of five weeks, the number of concepts and topics covered is mammoth! The startup simulator in week 5 was very helpful. I loved it! Thus, if you want to get a fair idea of what PE and VC is, this is the right course!
Stefano Caselli is truly an excellent professor! He organised his material in such a structured way that makes it very easy to assimilate so much information. Even though the numerical examples are a bit introductory and providing some more examples could be useful, overall, the lesson is an excellent platform to build upon. Finally, the Discussion forums are quite active, a special thanks to Guenter Leonhardt for sharing his knowledge with us!
The course offers clear explanations and is very well structured.. We do not get lost into technicalities, the material is straight to the point. Moreover, the videos are of great quality which makes the learning even more easy.A little disappointed by the finance approach though, which is too simple and makes very rough assumptions.One last point (and I cannot emphasize this enough) : the propose Simulator is a great learning tool.
Great overview of PE & VC especially for newcomers to the field. Good choice of level of details, in line with the expected work load. Wording and precision in exam questions could be improved as questions and MC answers are a bit tough to understand properly in some cases. Maybe a language check by a native speaker could help to clarify some exam questions/answer options and the lecture material.
Thank you for this course that provides great insight to the world of private equity and venture capitalists. The only weak spot was with the start-up simulation that didn't work, which is quite a shame. I would have really loved using it and being able to practise the knowledge I gained on cases.Anyway, thank you for this course and wish you the best for any endeavour the future holds.
A good course to learn the basic models and mechanics of PE & VC. The slides were a very helpful compliment to the course videos, and a good tool for future reference.The content could have been more dynamic, however. There could have been more variation in delivery than the pure lecture model. Also, i didn't find the practitioner interviews very helpful.Thanks though for a good course!
Great Course! Really useful to get an overview of PE world. Some people were complaining about the lecturer accent but it was totally fine with me. I think the calculation part of the course could be better explained. I really struggled to understand how it worked... Good that the test didn't have too many question related to these calculations. I learned a lot from the course! Thanks!
Gives an in-out view of the PE/VC industry of the world. The course is very structured and contains many interviews giving practical exposure. The professor, interviewees, study groups, activities and material provided justifies the great quality of the course. Highly recommended for starters, finance enthusiasts, knowledge gainers, working professionals and entrepreneurs !
Nice introduction to the methods and standards of PE world. It is a great approach into the business laying out the basics and common methods. It has a certain complexity on the accounting side but it is very well explained so you will probably have no trouble. Would have appreciated more accounting practice and deeper insight into VC business, such as a business case.
Very comprehensive overview of the basics of PE & VC. Clear explanations of main concepts. Sometimes much information was compressed into a single module. Since Bocconi is an international business institute, I would have expected a more international selection of guest speakers. Updated material with relevant examples could provide additional value to the course.
This course offers a comprehensive view of the VC and PE world. The background of both industries as well as the hard financial portion of the course were in depth and clear. The only recommendation I have is for the formula portions of the Quiz, it would be helpful to see explanations for wrong answers as well, not only for correct responses.
It's difficult to find university courses that are more hands-on other than theoretical, which is definetely the case with this Private Equity and Venture Capital course. It helped me refresh previous knowledge, while at the same time providing insight into practical matters such as regulation, regional differences as well as
Very interesting course and the basics are covered very well. However, I think the detail around the valuations and calculation of returns/fees could be done a little slower and a bit more clearly as there is a lot of detail. I would definitely advise making print outs of the slides and working through actual examples.
A lot of effort was put in the study material such as the slides as well as the video lecture. Valuation methods were explained very well. I can recommend to make the course a six week programm and explain an LBO Analysis. That is the only reason I did not give a 5 star rating. Other than that great course after all.
I really enjoyed this course, gave more of a technical view of how PE works instead of just the buying and selling of businesses. I also like the considerations around the evolution of PE through Crowd Funding and SPACs etc, if there could be a specialist course on these areas as well that would be even better.
Th course is really necessary to explore you knowledge in Finance area and to understand the valuation of every type of company. Valuation is very important in the life of every company whether it is mature company or a start-up. Also, the course is helpful if one is aiming to become an Entrepreneur.
The module was well structured. And content was  basic enough to understand followed by simulationon.During each video  there was few questions which made it very engaging.  Excel sheet with calculation of different  parameters is also useful. I would suggest some more reading material be given.
The course was more practical than theoretical which is good. It would've been better if the calculations were done a whiteboard in a manner that the process could be seen. It's a completely new topic for me, so I came in with no expectations and I was very please with the end result.
Very well structured and succeeds fully in giving a clear overview of the PE and VC world. Concepts are well explained. Excellent as an introduction. Would require a lot more detail to be of practical use to persons directly involved with PE (Sconsidering PE or PE analysts).
Great overview of the PEVC world. Thank you all. The courses were very clear. One star less though as all calculation methods would have diserved some more lessons/time.I am finally very positively impressed and thankfull for the course.See you probably soon. Best regards.
The course material (readings) and the video classes were very good. I believe the test questions could be improved and perhaps be a bit harder. Finally, I have participated of the forums but could not find my postings later (may be because I have not bought the course)
Flow of the course was good. Concepts were explained in a simple manner. Field experts and PE investors were called for sharing their experiences and views was very much appreciated. However more practical examples and a case-study would have made the course better.
Wealth of knowledge given was definitely comprehensive. Only improvement would be to guide students in the computation of Equity Value, etc. as it can be challenging understanding how certain figures were derived without the whole computing process being shown.
The valuation part could have been taught better. The other sections were well explained. The accompanying slides are quite detailed. If one is interested in understanding the basic principles underlying Private Equity and Venture Capital, this is the course!
good course provides a good understanding of PE & VC world with working examples and worksheets. Love to see some more real-life working examples and maybe add a capstone project to complete at week-5. Good work prof. for building and educating us.
Professor Caselli is an amazing teacher, with a real expertise and a lot of experience in Private Equity and Venture Capital. The lessons are clear and well-structured. Nonetheless, I would have liked to work on modelling as well in these lessons.
Interesting and informative. A good entry-level course for those looking to get a clearer picture of the PE/VC space. I found the financial side of it a bit difficult to follow (though might just be me). Keep up the good work Universita Bocconi
Giving practical examples should be increased, rather than explaining the mechanisms directly some examples from past present should be used about the private equity market. professor Stefano Caselli has explained every part thoroughly.
Very good but a bit rushed. Could have taken more time to go over more details and give students a better grasp on the underlying parts. But overall does a good job on giving students an introductory general view of Private Equity.
I found the course informative and interesting throughout , including the valuation part of it .But the course  should include more case studies of deals that have taken place to get a better understanding of the PE industry
this course provides a great structure and a good introduction of  PE and VC, it will be much better if the course provides more details of the connotations and meaning of some formulas, instead of just listing the formulas.
Very interesting! Great professor! Well structured and useful information. Would be helpful and interesting to add a list of well known private equity funds and Venture capital players. Thanks a lot for this clear course!
The instructor seems quite informed and passionate about the subject but it was a little hard following the Italian accent at times. Some concepts were merely glazed over but other than that, the course is a good primer.
Really enjoyed the course by Bocconi, clear, well organized, focused on important issues of PE&VC, a major theme in nowadays economic environment. I recommend this course, if you want to improve your knowledge on PE&VC.
A very interesting course.I suggest it for all those who wants to be introduced in this subject, but don't believe it is only an overview!The teacher deepens taxation and managerial aspects and I appreciated this.
Great course - absolutely enjoyed it. i have no background in private equity or finance. the flow and structure is really great. the only thing missing is more real life examples/case studies during the lectures.
very interesting and useful course. I hope that many users will find it relevant. African market and models are absent on the présentation;  I appreciate the professor and the slides exercises  are quite clear
Brilliant course... Not too long or too short, just enough to give a decent understanding of the field and complement knowledge acquired elsewhere... I am even more inclined to learn more about PE and VC now.
To make the course more realistic, include short papers / exercises and limit tests to ONE attempt. This will incentivize me to study more and not rely on the number of attempts to carry me to a great score.
The course gives great theory and helps understanding various concepts of PE and VC, wish it had more case study practices and tests especially with all the data coming out from companies in the last months.
Great course! The only struggle was going through the formulas too fast (if you are not used to finance and abbreviations) - for some users it could be too advanced and confusing. Otherwise, great stuff!
Excellent introductory course, a general overview, if you are looking for deep financial models and stuff, this is not the right option, but if you want to understand basic principles this is excellent.
Good course, not too difficult, but at some points i had to do a lot of digging to understand the concepts. The best part is that it encapsulates many things(not everything) of this area of financing.
Very good course, however the contents are a bit rushed so some points were not explored in detail. Nevertheless it will provides anyone with a great learning experience. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Excellent course. A must for someone who wants to gather knowledge about the Private Equity and Venture Capital sector. A big thanks to Professor Stefano for explaining all concepts with an ease.
Interesting course with P.E fundamentals well structured and explained by PDF documents, online video and exercises. Interviews of P.E profesionnals are getting outdated and should be reniewed.
Not as technical as I was expecting, having the first 2 (of 4) weeks being contextual, even if relevant. Week 3 & 4 more to the point with examples of real applications. Very nice introduction!
This is an excellent course for an introduction to Private Equity and Venture Capital. This was invaluable to me as an entrepreneur with hardly and business background (Degree-wise). Thank you!
This course was really helpful for understanding the basics of Private Equity and Venture Capital. All the topics are covered in detail, I personally got benefited a lot from Valuation Module.
Good explanation of topics but a bit lacking in illustrating calcuations. Also, including a separate topic for dealing with accounting and tax considerations of private equity investments is
I learning was great. The knowledge acquired will be useful for me improve career. The skill sets learned in this course like valuation of PE in excel will enhance my teaching ability
What a clear & well formatted course. A great start for anybody looking to enhance fundamentals on the subject of Private equity. Would have loved more details on Week 4 subjects.
Great intro to PE and CV, easy to take on even by just focusing on the slides. Examples are a bit too IT focused and some of the content seem to be a couple of years old already.
Overall, a really good course. I think it might spend too much time on the theoretical side and not enough on the practical side (company valuation). Either way, very good.
Good course for angel investors and entrepreneurs to understand how private equity and venture capital works. It provides a sound introduction to this very exciting topic.
This course is useful to learn the basics of Private Equity, especially how the rules determine how the funds work, it gives good insights for the private equity approach
The course covered all the topics and in order or understanding (basics to technical) It was very insightful and helpful in comprehensively understanding the PE business.
Good materials, well designed case study exercises and nice speech. Certain knowledge of accounting and finance is required, otw hard to understand part of the contents.
I had a good experience learning about private and venture capital & how they differ in life cycle of a company & also how they play their role in each part of cycle.
Nice course for getting to know the process of PE. Well explained and structured. But I missed more on VCs and case studies. In general, completely recommended.
Great course! Some of the quiz questions are not in fluid english which can be a little confusing, but I thoroughly enjoyed this learning experience. Ciao!
Generally good. Learned some things. Some of the questions were not worded well and lacked context which is probably a language barrier more than anything.
interesting and valuable insights accross multiple topics that triggers further learnings to improve and increase knowledge. overall very good course,
The curriculum was comprehensive and well-organized. The teaching style was great and I really appreciate Bocconi instructor who prepared the course.
interesting course but quite fast and without so many details.....I think are more important many more case studies to analyse into the valuations
A must course for every finance student and those interested in venture capital and private equity. Thanks professor for this lovely course.
I believe the math section can be understandable in easier way. Please make it a bit easier for those who can't do the math right away.
A very challenging and informative course. Clearly showing the many ways that Startups can access  venture capital and on what terms.
This course has taught me the basics of private equity and venture capital. It has shown me a new world and is a great course.
I loved it!Thank you so much for this course University of Bocconi. I feel like some parts could've been made simpler though!
A well designed course that covers what you need to know about financing needs in different stage of a company life cycle
Very good course, needs a follow up one for more depth and may be example cases on valuation and structuring syndication.
The course could be updated with recent deal examples, recent developments and a perspective from outside Italy as well
Need to update on emerging technologies an alternative investment methods, ICO, STO, EIO, Tokenization of assets, CBDC
Great intro and overview of industry. Tests have a lot of errors and would love more reasons behind correct answers.
really great course to understand PE and VC, gives enough theory but it's also put back into context and real world.
The course is well structured from the academic perspective, but can be improved by adding more real-life examples.
good summary course for those who would like to know how PE world operates. The course will benefit from more cases
This course is very beneficial for me to upgrade my skills and knowledge in life and it also help me in future..
I felt it's more of theory could be more of practical related examples or real-life case studies can be added.
Sad to see lack of active participation on the forums. Great course overall. Would recommend to all learners.
Really nicely done, the content is very interesting for someone who finds the startup ecosystem fascinating
Very nice course covering the fundamentals of the PE industry. Some introductive information regarding M&A.
Very good course overall. Would recommend embedding more real world and practical scenarios in the course.
Great course. He should mention beforehand that the slides are far more detailed than the video lectures.
Nice the content in the videos is nice and i have learn some new points from this course from coursera
The course gives a very good theoretical background of the topic but it doesn't go deep into details.
Good course overall. Some of the interviews seemed outdated (for eg with reference to market views)
Very good and interesting course although there was not much feedback and replies by the Unversity.
Great thank you ! may be some maths exercises could be added to train ourselves Before the test 😎
It's a good course and a very interesting one but I faced a bit of problem with the pronunciation.
Great course. Got to learn about PEI and VCI so much in detail. Crisp and well explained videos.
I liked this course for the basics. Just wish that a few more examples were given for practice.
Very good course to know  more about PE and VCFinancial needs of a company at different stages
Overall great class, however, I'd have enjoyed more quantitative exercises and problem sets.
This course provides a good foundation on the concept of PE, finance and industry dynamics.
Well constructed course with a large amount of information to initiate your journey in PEI
So interesting. But a real case could be better than only theoretical slides and numbers.
More practical tasks that are solved together with the professor in video would be good.
God course for the fundamentals but nothing special. I liked the last session the most,
Very good introductory course, which give a good foundation for work and further study
accent is a problem to learning and I have to watch the subtitles during this course.
Excellent course anybody who wants a deep understanding of the private equity sector.
The content is amazing and is good to watch professors from outside the anglo world.
Short but practical - good for those new to the VC / PE world and want an overview
some more reading and real-life examples are needed, explanations were very good.
Amazing Course but please be even more detailed with respect to solving problems.
Sometimes terminology used in the course differs from the one used in the quizzes
The course gives great insights into the Private Equity and Venture capital.
Great course although some of the exercises have incorrect values / numbers.
It is a well paced course which covers almost everything about the PE world
it would be great to name sometimes a few companies to understand it easier
It is an excellent course for students having basic knowledge of Finance.
Very interesting and useful to have a short introduction to PE  and VC.
Assistant comments are too long during the discussion and out of focus
Nice basic course for starting a career in Private Equity. Enjoyed it.
More demonstrations and examples and numerical would have been nice.
Very useful. I have a better awareness about this complicated topic.
Pretty clear and concise course, yet covering the important aspects
Excellent course to learn about private equite and VC, great one!
Calculations of week 4 should be distributed slowly in each week
A very good course for beginners. All basics covered. Thank you.
Video Animations can improve. The content however is excellent!
Its a good course it give a better understanding of PE and VC
A great course to learn the theoretical basics of PE and VC.
Excellent course, very well organized, and great content!
Good course for an overview of Equity Markets in Europe.
Great overview of the PE & VC industry and how it works.
Very good learning. The course is quite insightful.
I learnt a lot trought this course Thank you a lot
I would have liked more examples on PE investments
Very nice course but maybe a little bit too basic
A little outdated but I learned some new things.
the use of non-conventional terms was confusing.
Would have appreciated more focus on valuation.
great course for introduction to private equity
Great material to get started in the industry
Very good course about an interesting topic.
Useful introduction. Explanations are clear.
Excellent course materials and good learning
Great course for a basic in Private Equity!
Useful course, just a little bit too basic.
Very professionally deployed and organised.
Very much insightful and apt for beginners
Too simple, prefer more real life example
The valuation was too briefly explained.
Usefull course for people in banking
Very interesting and well organised
very clear and easy to understand
It is very nice course. Thankyou
Satisfying course for beginners!
Great insight on Private Equity!
Very good and detailed to start
good overview, well organized.
Very low quantitative rigour.
It's really a good course.
Basic not really advanced
Short and to the point
Interesting topic
Very Practical!
Awseome!
One Request : Please show Calculation if Possible by Using a Class Room Type  Board and Marker.;
Great course covering a good foundation of PEI & VC (from a legal and process standpoint) and commonly-used formulas. Lecturer provided much context of the real world through interview with practicing PEIs.
Very good course. I would extend the calculation part and go slower and more specific. The exemplification is to general regarding the calculations complexity.
Love the way you are even asked to write out answers and there is even someone answering on your feedback. Powerpoints to be prepared and then the Video Lectures make it perfectly easy to understand such a topic (just at week 2 atm so quiet amazed what`s still gonna come).I really recommend first going through the Presentation slides and then take notes during his VIdeo Lectures to round it up. Thank you for this great Content, your the best :D
Stefano Caselli is a great professor.  A friend of mine took a course with him during his masters program at SDA Bocconi and all I was told was just how good Mr. Caselli is as a professor. He teaching style is more practical than theoretical and is what most professors in this day and age lack. Would recommend this course to anyone with an interest in finance.
I strongly suggest this course to everyone (either students or potential entrepreneurs) because, even if you don't have a complete and deep knowledge in Economics, it is still possible to understand the concepts. Professor Caselli is extremely clear in his explanations and the course is well organised.
The teacher is phenomenal, and as someone who already had a notion on PE and VC, this course helped me to actually refresh and complement my previous knowledge. I believe maybe more math (financial) exercises might have been great but overall, I believe this course is fantastic.
Great starting point to learn about Venture Capital. If you're more of a visual learner instead of auditory, I'd recommend taking more than 10 minutes to take notes on the slides, then listening to the videos at 1.25 speed.
The content of the course is really helpful and touches on the very important subjects in Private Equity and Venture Capital. The delivery by the Professor Stefano Caseli is also fantastic. Thank you!
Very good course to understand the basics. I now have a solid platform to learn more advanced topics in this field. The best aspect of the course is its structured approach of slides and information.
I approached the course with a lot of trepidation and excitement since, its been long number of years from the time, I obtained my multiple professional qualifications.  However, read about Bocconi University and its impeccable track record and the innovative work done in the area of online teaching and student outreach.  These were the singular factors that weighed.  The judgement was quite "spot on" since, I was very satisfied.  Mr. Stefano Caselli, the Dean for International Affairs and Professor of Finance of Università Bocconi does a splendid job and the video, with subtitles and crisp presentation makes the whole exercise seamless and of course endearing.  A big thanks to all concerned.  Last but not the least, a special word of appreciation for COURSERA.  I look forward to equipping myself more, in the coming period.
The course clearly explains and analyze how private equity and venture capital functions as a whole. Over the course, i was provided with a deep understanding of the mechanism underpinning the creation and development of a firm and the financial support it can get from the financial system through venture capital investment. In addition, i learned how the different vehicles behave in markets such as Europe, US and UK. Moreover, i had the chance to discover the legal issues and taxation, and what are the tasks that managers have in a whole cycle of the PE investment, from fundraising to exit. Finally, i learned about company valuation methods depending on the situation of the venture backed company.
The course is interesting and definitely worth learning! Well structured material introducing the mechanism underpinning the creation and development of a firm and the financial support it can get from the financial system through venture capital investment. What's more insightful, Prof. Castlli invited different guest speakers from the PE industry to deliver a better understanding of European market outlook, aside from the "textbook". Looking forward to more intermediate or advanced courses from Università Bocconi, it is a great pleasure to take this course. Thank you, Prof.Castlli !!
Such a detailed and useful course on all aspects of Private Equity and Venture Capital! It was great to learn about types of financing throughout the life cycle of a startup, about the Close End Funds, and understanding the details of the DCF method and Multiples method. I also enjoyed the global perspective and the interviews by subject matter experts in M&A, IPO, Turnaround and Restructuring. Thank you Universita Bocconi, Professor Stefano Caselli and Coursera for designing this comprehensive course.
This course is well-organized and you can learn a lot of times by watching videos and slides. It's a good way to self-study the sides to get a whole picture firstly then watch the videos, through which you can gain much knowledge and the professor will explain more. It's a good start for the PE&VC world and will inspire more. I really enjoy learning here and would like to know more about PE&VC in the future. Thanks for Professor Stefano Caselli! It's really a good experience to study together with you!
This course provides a holistic view of how a private equity is organized and works. Anyone who wants to work at, with or for a private equity should take a look at this course as it provides in a nutshell the fundamentals: the stages of the PE, the set-up (US vs EU format), the legal framework, the taxation, the fee structure as well as the valuations (DCF, Multiples and VCM). Not to mention the very interesting interviews with the leading experts in private equity, M&A, investment banking etc.
This course was very helpful in making me understand the working and practical implications of the Private Equity world. I also got to know more about the basics of legal and taxation issues in different countries regarding the PE and startup sectors, thanks to Professor Stefano.I would like to recommend this course to anyone interested in finance, especially those who don't have a lot of experience in this sector. I also recommend this course to those looking to start their own ventures.
It was truly an amazing experience for me. Thanks to Professor Stefano Caselli and the whole Bocconi Team for conducting this exceptional course. I learnt a lot about Private Equity Market and how does it function with the help of this course. I am looking forward to apply the knowledge I gained practically in my future. Last but not the least, I would also like to thank Mentor Guenter H. Leonhardt for showcasing exceptional mentoring skills throughout the journey. Thank You once again!
Well structured course with clear and compelling material that is complemented with Excel spreadsheets mock practical examples, Q&As, interviews with experts. The approach is quite straight to the point, guided by prof. Caselli who does not waste unnecessary time with bland theories like other MOOCs and engages the students from the first video. Nonetheless, an intermediary knowledge of corporate is required to understand concepts, formulas and ratios. Great work, Università Bocconi!
Very good course. I learned a lot. I loved the progressive approach, the visual animations, the exhaustive materials (videos+texts+slides+quizzes) to learn and the additional content (interviews to go further). The curse is well balanced between theory (the concepts and their examples) and mathematical application. Applause both to Coursera and to the Universita Bocconi ! Only the quite many spelling mistakes on the slides could be corrected. But this does not hamper comprehension.
A pretty interesting and enriching course for deep diving into the world of Private Equity and Venture Capital. Professor Stefano explains the concepts and illustrations in a simple, lucid way. The only limitation I found with the course was less examples and practice work given to learners. If that is added, the course would be one of the best courses in Private Equity and Venture Capital. Nonetheless, a must attend course for every aspirant of Private Equity and Venture Capital.
I really liked this course, it's quite comprehensive for an online course and you learn quite a lot about how Private Equity works, the difference between European and Anglo Saxon Private Equity investment vehicles. The most important part for me was the company valuation skills that I gained from the course. It was my weakness and now I feel like I can approach PE jobs with more confidence. Thank you Bocconi and Professor Stefano Caselli for the great learnings
An awesome course for the students who want to pursue a career as Private Equity Analyst. This course is an excellent overview of Private Equity and Venture Capital business model used in the field of the finance. Everything is explained very well. The presentation is kept short and informative with good slides. The exercises are interesting and fun to do. They help a lot to learn the course material. I highly recommend this course. Thank You!
Excellent introductory course in global issues, with great real interviews. I connected and spoke with the experts from the interviews online (LinkedIn) and got even more. This course is one of the few I have seen that treats equity investment in a global sense, including EU, US, and a brief overview & consideration of other regions. I strongly suggest this course for someone looking for a global overview and to make connections in this area.
This course is absolutely fantastic, and my only criticism is that it is not longer. Stefano goes through many topics with incredibly helpful explanations, he motivates to participate in discussions, and he provides many more resources for further learning.The course has a great mix of expert interviews, practical examples, and theory. I highly recommend the course and hope that Stefano will be back with another course in the near future.
It was a great primer if you are not familiar with this area. Especially topics like the DCF and different PE vehicles from a legal perspective can be hard to summarize into something tangible and short. The only recommendation I would make is a bit of brushing up on the wording, as it is sometimes hard in the quizzes to understand what exactly the question is (does the question relate to the previous question vs overall, etc)
This course was amazing. Possibly the best I took on Coursera so far. The professor teaches efficiently and focuses on the important and interesting topics. This definitely changed my conception of the PE and VC markets. Also, this is the second course I took with University of Bocconi and the quality is superior and the professors are amazing. I will be looking forward for future finance courses from this university.Cheers.
Well structured course, good content and review mechanisms. Excellent learning. If you wish to learn or refresh your knowledge about the world of PE, this course is for you. You learn all about the different formats within PR world as well as the differences and similarities between the US, UK and EU systems. In addition you learn the general concepts around valuation, taxation, structuring and managing PE investments.
It was very wonderful to learn from Prof. Stefano Caselli , thanks to coursera as well to design the course in a very interesting way which gives real classroom feeling. I learnt a lot about private equity and venture capital, however it takes time to clear quiz 4 as due to some confusion with formulas but after going through slides again it makes clear, Thanks a lot . Thank you Prof. Stefano once again.
I loved the class, provided great information regarding the world of private equity and venture capital. I enjoyed most the valuation lesson at the end of the course. You really don't know the in's and out's of private equity and venture capital until you take a course on the two topics. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone interested in learning about private equity in the EU or US.
It is a very informative course. It is for anyone who is interested in knowing overall functioning of the Private Equity or venture capital. Even if you don't know anything about this subject you can learn a lot by just watching all the video lectures.It is a must for anyone thinking about going into PE later in the career.Thank you very much Prof. Stefano Caselli for such a wonderful experience.
I can't really think of a subject or area that I thought was missing or not discussed thoroughly. Great course for anyone willing to get foundation of knowledge  in PEI and then build on it in future as needed. Videos and all the material flow smoothly and in sync. Last but not least, have to note the presenters skills which are sublime, in both knowledge and bringing idea to the audience.
Here you will find great tools to have a wide understanding of the global private equity industry. If you are interested in learning about capital markets then you must take this course. Also, you will have the opportunity to make questions, share your opinions and to have great feedback from instructors.I'm very grateful to Bocconi because of the design and quality of the course.
Mr Caselli presents each topic with much vigor, keeping it fresh and vibrant. Moreover, the information each topic encompasses feels grounded in reality, particularly well complemented with the additional interviews with PE professionals. The minimal use of corporate jargon keeps the material very easy to digest as well as easy to retain. I thoroughly enjoyed the overview. Thanks
I have been working in the startups fundraising scene for a long time without a proper PE training. This course fills a lot of gaps and makes things absolutely clear for me. It's a good revision course even for people in the trade for a while and I am sure lots of aspiring PE practitioners and entrepreneurs will find it beneficial. Congratulations on a wonderful course.
Very well organized course to understand the VC and PE world. I definitively recommend this course to anyone who wants to introduce to this world. Thank you for this course. I hope to look for a new course about this subjet with more deeply analysis with new tendencies in the future (i.e. social investment impact, crowfunding, philanthropy venture capital, and others).
Great course to understand Private Equity and Venture Capital. Very well explained and amazing course material with slide, interviews, cases and excel models. I hope to learn more from the profesor giving this course as he is very interesting and clear! I don't think any deep knowledge is needed to take this course. A must in coursera for anyone interested in finance.
Very interesting online class to have a nice introduction to the subject. The recording of video is very well done and the support sliides good as well. for the valuation (week 4), u'd better know a bit the subject beforehand as it impies lots of parameters that are not easy to handle if you are a novice. Overall, it is a short but very compelling course. well done!
The course provides a deep and thorough analysis on the Private Equity sector with highly varied sources of information (Power Points, Excel Exercises, Video Classes and Video Expert Interviews). I would definitely recommend this course to any individual interested in finance and specially for those curious and passionate about Private Equity and Venture Capital.
Very nice introduction to PE and VC. Appreciated how much was covered just in 4-5 weeks time. Would be great to have advanced course with more "real life" examples, major learnings / mistakes etc. Actually learning on those 9 out of 10 unsuccessful PE/VC projects would be best added value. Big thanks to professor Stefano Caselli for his enthusiastic presentation!
I am a Msc student of Finance in Rome. This course it's brilliant, interesting and smart to follow up. I suggest this course for achieve and important basic knowledge of the PEVC world.Professor has an addictive methodology that catch you completely, added by interesting interview taught by professional guests. Hope to see other courses uploaded by him.
I enjoyed this course. It gives a very good overview into the world of PR and VC. The materials are very structured, videos are well taken, and the professor is knowledgeable and passionate. The interviews with other professors and practitioners are especially interesting. I would recommend this course to anyone who want to take the first course into
An extremely interesting and well organized course. Mr. Caselli is a perfect speaker and explainer in every single videoclip. It's the first course I've ever completed and this indicates how compelling this course was to me. Thank you very much for your efforts to create this course and I hope further finance-related courses from Bocconi will follow!
Great learning experienceGreat course to learn the basics and acquire tools to keep learning about the world of PE and VC. The course is structured nicely and progresses towards quantitative methods smoothly. The professor explains concepts in a clear and concise manner and guest speakers add value by bringing the course closer to the real world.
What a great course! I learned a lot. At the beginning I was sort of dubious wether to complete the course because I wasn't so interested in entrepreneurship. But learning all the details of private equity and understanding the huge potential this vehicles have towards the growth of company I was delighted. Totally recommended.
Quick introduction into a very specific subject for finance managers who expect to contact with private equity investors. Inspite of some not clear points of calculations I assess the course as very useful and effective. Great respect and appreciation to Dr Stefano Caselli, the author of the course, and his university team.
The course served as a solid refresher for PE and VC financing -- I am a CFA charter-holder and I wanted a brief review of the topic at hand. The material is very well organized, with clear and concise short videos. In addition, the instructor was outstanding in his delivery of the chapters.I greatly enjoyed it. Thank you.
Studying this was course was a real pleasure. Interested in the Life Science Venture Capital I wanted to know more about VC and PE, I had zero knowledge about finance. The Professor explains very clearly and reactive, I was able to understand everything thanks to the slide sheets and the excel files, I highly recommend it.
The courses provided by director Stefano Caselli is really giving me a clear structure on PE/VC fundamentals, and provided me deeper understanding on PE/VC's company valuation methods, which I had not been explosed before. Really intense, time-saving, but fruitful, thank you so much for the efforts in preparing the course!
The course is clear and understandable and Stephano Caselli is just great. The support is short and structured. These are quite important for people like me who are very busy with our own work and daily life.The interviews of people who work in related sectors allow us to better understand the reality of the un industry.
The course really helped me a lot understanding better the mechanisms that regulate PE and VC activities.Prof. Caselli respected the expectations and was very clear in dealing every point of the matter.Also I found that the Interviews at chapter end gave important insights and examples on the world of Private Equity.
Very deep understanding of the PE & VC world and its related working mechanism. From the theoretical framework to practical explanations and also interviews about the current state and trends of the industry. The optional forums are invaluable due to the extreme dedication to every question answered by the lecturer.
The concepts are very simply explained and completes the picture that I often was unable to visualize. It has also given a mechanism in which I can understand the working of companies that are using the private equity mechanism. Thanks for such a nice course to the Coursera team and special regards to the Professor.
It was a great chance to elaborate and excel my knowledge on private equity and venture capital. The instructor, Professor Castelli was an amazing guide throughout the course. I appreciate for the opportunity given. I'm grateful to Bocconi University and Coursera for providing an access to this amazing education.
The course is a good starting point for students who are interested in Private Equity. The content is rigorous and explore all the basic principles in different fields (tax, legal and financial issues). Therefore, I highly recommand this course. Many thanks professor Stefano Caselli, it was a good experience.
This course provides the student with any basic requirement he needs to approach a private equity job related. You certainly need some basis in the understanding of the balance sheet and the principles of corporate finance. Nonetheless this course is really helpful for any kind of level in this industry.
Great course. The coursework outlines and explains the details of private equity and venture capital. Fundamental principles and concepts were clear and digestible. The lecture videos and PowerPoint are aligned and very clear. It is a well-constructed and most valuable course. Highly recommended!
Excellent provider of basic info on private equity and Vc. Content is very easy to grasp. Will definitely recommend it to my peersWould add more numerical evidences of industry standard numbers and players (e.g. # funds present, biggest PE and VC funds, ...)Would add a more specific case study
This course is a great introduction to the topic. It is well structured and easy to follow. Very engaging and motivating. Definitely would recommend to everyone who is interesting in this topic or just wants to have an overview over the current trends in the financial market and investments.
I found the set-up of the course very well structured and clear. I liked the practical approach and the mix between theory and practice. The professor was very good, clear and the interviews helped understanding the concepts more profoundly. I really enjoyed the course and learned a lot!
I really enjoyed the practical exercises of the course. However, I found the interviews mostly focused on the Italian market and it was hard to find the relevance towards a more global perspective.  The lectures were quire well organized and build up slowly towards more complex theories.
This course is very crucial for every aspiring as well as other entrepreneurs as it provides a fundamental introduction to the world of PE & VC. The content is solid and straight to the point. I learnt a lot and I will read more on PE & VC while continuing my entrepreneurial endeavours.
Very complete course. I sincerely acquired extensive knowledge in the PE and VC sector. The quizzes are not easy and make you think, go through your notes, use the different financial skills learned during the course - hard to get 100% on the first shot and appreciate the challenge.
Very interesting and challenging course. I really appriciated the professor and the interviews he carried out. I also loved the video format: everything was clear and unterstandable. Congratulations to SDA and Bocconi University for having created something very useful and valuable.
It was an enlightening course to say the least and I am thankful for this wonderful opportunity provided by the coursera community. I am enthusiastic about the application of this skill I have acquired in my carrier field going forward and the opportunities I can now leverage upon.
Well structured and enjoyable short course. I particularly liked the practical and unpretentious manner in which it was presented. The interviews were succinct and gave an 'insider' view - so would be interesting even to old hands in the industry.  Overall, very worthwhile course.
Very informative course and Stefano taught it very well. I've always been very interested in private equity and venture capital, and I feel that I have come out of the course equipped with very good fundamental knowledge of the structure and participants in PE/VC. Thanks Stefano.
It's amazing how the course has packed so much information in a few hours of video and material. The materials provided are extremely thorough. In spite of being a beginner, I had no difficulty in grasping the concepts. Excellent work is done by the Professor and his team. Kudos.
I loved this course and the fact that I can access one from Bocconi on Coursera! The instructor seemed really knowledgeable, the concepts covered were complex but he made them seem simple. I definitely see myself using what I learned in the Private Equity course, in the future.
This is a fantastic course with a lot of content. The presentation is very clear and engaging. The only downside is that the pace is sometimes quite fast. However, there are slides as supporting material which contain all the necessary details. Thanks for this wonderful course!
One of the best courses in finance. I didn't have much idea about the world of PE & VC ,  but Mr. Stefano Caselli can do wonders.  The course structure and style is perfect to gain an interesting perspective towards AIF. Thank you Universita Bocconi and Thank you Mr. Stefano.
I would hear terms such as PE and VC but never really was able to comprehend what they meant. This course improved my understanding of a field that I was not completely aware of. There is huge potential in this industry and this course will definitely improve one's prospects.
Great overview and introduction to global PE & VC activities! Shows the general mechanics and different flavors of how it is done, giving good grounds for further studies. The added script and Excel examples are great for later reference and really increase the course value!
Indeed very useful course in terms of video lectures and reading material for one to understand in introductory manner the nuances of private equity and venture capital financing aspects. The course also includes excel decks to have greater extent of the course practically.
Very interesting and balanced course, where I could learn how Private funds are built, the different procedures private investors follow through venture capital to invest in small businesses/Startups, and much more regarding the world of private equity and venture capital.
The course covers all the fundamental aspects of PE/VC, providing not only the theoretical foundations but also an overview of the main issues concerning company valuation. I loved particularly the part comparing the Anglosaxon framework to the European ones. Recommended!
Firstly, thank you very much Professor. This course covers the journey of PE and VCs in a holistic approach. Details about their functioning, their structure, their constitution, investment strategy, timing of investment etc.Lastly, its been a great learning experience.
I find it the course to be very insightful and very well explained, especially for someone like me with no Business and financial background. Would be even betterif more exercises of calculation would be included. But overall, I am satisfied with the course. Thank you!
Very well-presented course
for anyone who wants a basic to intermediate glimpse into the VC and PE world
with interesting comparisons between the European and Anglo-Saxon methods of
investing. The course material is well presented with good supporting Excel
files.
Highly recommended! Prof. Caselli is an EXCELLENT instructor, and the course serves as a great introduction to the world of PE & VC. I definitely feel it gave me the right tools and knowledge base to keep advancing on my own while exploring this fascinating world.
Very informative course supplemented with with challenging discussions, practical exercises, and interesting interviews. Definitely, within Top-5 in this particular discipline of Corporate Finance and M&A. Many thanks to Professor  Stefano Caselli and his team.
I enjoy learning this course.Valuation methods I have learn is very useful for my work.It would be great if more information about investment strategy used by VC/PE in each part of the global PE market in covered by this course or other course by this Prof.
I have enjoyed both the videos and the teaching material provided. The Professor has excellent communication skills, as well as the writers were in writing the script. The topics discussed are extremely interesting and also either theoretical and practical.
This is a great course full of useful resources, content materials (from core concepts to regulation and valuations), recognised industry guest speakers, not to mention Stefano's passion for teaching. I can only recommend this course. Many thanks U.Bocconi!
If you are working in startup ecosystem or you are willing to start you career in entrepreneurship sector, you should take this course to learn the fundamentals of investment and the terms which are related with all of process in investment operations.
A nice introductiory course on VC and PE.It's good to know something about this.The quizzes are really good, I had to try many times before getting all the right answers.If you want to learn more about corporate finance, this is a good starting point.
Professor Stefano Casella is very clear and schematic. It is able to transform the complexity of the subject in a simple way: ability to have great knowledge of the subject and experience in contact with the students. Totally satisfied with my choice.
Excellent course to learn the basics of private equity investing, going also through the DCF, multiples and VC method to valuate companies. In my opinion is a good start to establish concepts for those who want to enter the sector in any perspective.
It is very interesting course. It helps to understand the basics of PE market and the way of thinking of PE investors. In my opinion it appears to be immensely helpful for everyone who works in management consulting or investment banking sectors.
The content of the course is
really helpful to understand the basics of Private Equity and Venture Capital. Professor Stefano Caseli also explains fantastic. Please show Calculation( working) if Possible Using a Class Room Type Board and Marker
Best professor and best material. Very useful to ones having no knowledge about private equity and venture capital except some basic knowledge. If you have some basic finance knowledge and you interested in the topic, you should start to learn.
I really enjoyed the course. Professor is very clear and schematic and really passionate on the topic. The studying material is very organized.  One improvement could be inserting another week-module in order to slowdown a bit the lecture pace.
It‘s a great learning experience. The interviews with industry professionals are amazing. One thing to improve is the valuation part should have been more detailed as it's a critical part. However, I can understand it is an intensive course.
Very useful course for beginners. the course is nicely structured with ppt as well as video lecturers. I feel most of initial expectations from the course has  been met and feel confident when discussing with front office teams. thank you!!
It provides a great overview to the Private Equity and Venture Capital world.  As a person who is starting to help companies and projects find financing, it has been of great help to understand how everything works.  Very recommendable.
The most in-depth course I have taken on Coursera by far. Do not let the short amount of weeks fool you, there is a huge amount of information in the slides and the start-up simulator will keep you busy far beyond finishing the course.
An excellent course and a competent lecturer. A lot of useful information on PE fund management and the legal side of PEs is covered. The work load is just right to fit one's schedule if either working or studying. Strongly recommend!
This is a wonderful introduction to the world of Private Equity investing, which is much more complicated than what I had imagined when I started. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and learned a lot in the process. Thank you, Grazie.
Great course, good content and videos, lecturer is really prepared and enthusiastic! Some concepts could be explained with greater clarity, but it is an enjoyable learning experience overall! Thank you Stefano, Bocconi and Coursera
A very insightful and informative course on some of the principles, mechanism and valuation of company equity in a private equity and venture capital investment.  Highly recommended to anyone interested in this field of finance.
I would like to thank coursera and Stefano Caselli for preparing this course in a very concise yet informative format. It is a great course for beginners, from a non finance background, wanting to break into the finance world.
Stefano Caselli is truly a great teacher who knows what he is talking about. It is very hard to teach something to someone over a video and keep the learner engaged with such energy. I really enjoyed this course. Thank you!
Highly detailed and extremely useful. Very detail oriented and all round insights on the private equity setup and operations. This could be one of the finest courses I've ever come across on Coursera. Thank you SDA Bocconi.
I enjoyed this course and I managed to understand important concepts regarding Company Valuations. A start up simulator is also avaiable in which it is possible to understand how your company may perform. Thank you indeed!
¡A great course! Really easy to understand if you don't have any idea about the topic. It also opens your perspective about how you can obtain funding for your entrepreneur ideas or for your bussines.I totally recommend.
This topic was totally new to me, but the course gave me a very good insight. The learning documents are very well prepared and it is great the have them available for the future. Thanks for this good preparation and
Great course! Very good foundational learning about PE/VC if anyone is looking to learn about it, especially young entrepreneurs who plan to raise VC so as to understand the science (and art!) behind PE/VC investing.
Very Good course! it gave a great and clear image of how PE and VC works.Professor Caselli explained in a very clear way and with the perfect combination  of theory and practice with really interesting interventions.
Very well organised and interesting! My only 'wish' is that it would be even more detailed in terms of valuation (Week 4) and practice-oriented. I loved the main lecturer and the interviews at the end of each module.
Great course. SO useful that there are slides for every lecture, saves A LOT of time cause you don't have to take notes and istead can just study from slides and lectures. Great professor explains everything clearly!
Very good overview about the topic. The calculations could be explained a little more in detail. Some failures in the quiz. Very good movies with good learning material. Anyway, it's a 5 Star course !!! Thx a lot...
It was a great course, with excellent slides and easy to follow. The translations have a couple of misspellings but considering Mr. Stefano's mother tongue isn't English, there's no further issue with it.Excellent!
Very special course with all the topics used for a perfect valuation, but my suggestion in to look forward more AIFMD regulation for Italy and also introduce sustainable finance especially for private equity funds.
I enjoyed this course.  The presenter was clear and engaging.  The accompanying presentations were good.  Sometimes, the quiz questions were ambiguous.  Can be fixed easily.  Thank you for the learning experience!
I would like to thank Stefano Caselli that enables me to fully understand private equity. He teaches private equity with passion and in a very pedagogic way. In a nutshell, I highly recommend to take this course !
I enjoyed the course, the very practical content and the very good methodology. Very relevant the forums, the guests and the length of the videos. The most important thing I learned and fulfilled my expectations.
It was a well planned course of PE. A great refresher on deal dynamics, valuation and objectives of PEI. I like the Week-2 content more where I learnt how the PE industry and multiple instruments are structured.
This course is up to the Bocconi reputation. Is very useful for students who want to start to undestand the PE and VC world or for professional who want to understand better some mechanisms behind the PE and VC.
This certainly is a course that amazingly introduces a learner to the world of PE and VC. The valuation methods, sample problems and multiple frameworks of how PEs operate across the world is extremely helpful.
Course is very well organize via, Video clips and supporting material, including practical cases, and interviews with professionals. Gives many links to go further in-depth in some topics. Strongly recommended.
I really enjoyed taking this course. The content was very well thought through and covered all topics of PE. Add to that the charm of the professor and you have an engaging online experience. Thank you Bocconi!
Complete, organized and nice course. For sure, one of the courses you will enjoy doing! There are experts in the foruns ready to give a complete explanation about what you need to know in the subject treated.
This is a detailed and technical course. It covers the private equity industry in the United States, United Kingdom and European Union by providing the key points that practitioners in each region should know
Great course both for people new to the industry and for people who already have an idea of what private equity is about. I'd definitely recommend it to anybody interested in knowing how Private Equity works.
Fantastic experience! Very professional, well explained, practical. Love the idea of interviewing industrial professionals. Could you please create modules for M&A, IPO, Restructuring and Turnaround as well?
Good balance of verbal explanation, quizzes throughout the lecture to keep the student engaged, guest interviews and lectures to learn about application of core concepts and excellent study support material.
Excellent course to get an in-depth overview of private equity in various environments. Concepts are very clearly described and quizzes require a good grasp of the course to pass them. Highly recommended.
This course is a useful introduction to the Private Equity and Venture Capital Industry. You will learn what are the PE deals, vehicles, management process of PE funds, and how PE does company valuations.
It was my first course in Coursera..I had the ipportunity to focus on PE and VC topics. Stefano is really clear in his lessons. I suggest everyone should take this course. I'll keep learning in coursera.
I learned a lot regarding the overall PE/VC process, both in Europe and in the US. I liked the combination of academic studies and interviews, which gave us a theoretical as well as practical education.
Really useful as a refresher if you've studied finance before! That said, the prof is amazing at explaining the concepts, so even if PE/VC is entirely new to you, you will get a lot out of the course :)
Excellent, it is one of the greatest courses I've ever taken. They mix theory with real world examples and the concepts are so clear. Thanks for making such a great course. best regards, Camilo Villa.
Excellent content, and superb slides.  Please check the quality of the English in the slides, and also in the quiz questions.  Many quiz questions were difficult to understand because of the English.
The course content was interesting, and the layout of the course information was easy to follow. Would definitely recommend this course for anyone looking to learn more about PE and Venture Capital.
The course is quite good for beginners to gain a basic understanding of the VC and PE industry. It will be better if the teacher would have more real business cases to explain some of the concepts.
The course has helped me understand introductory concepts of private equity and venture capital investment. It is very well structured! I really recommend if you are starting to learn this subject.
Amazing course! Thank you very much, Stefano Caselli, for a such wonderful content and perfect presenting. I took a lot of very useful and practical information from it. I do appreciate it. Thanks!
Very good course to understand private equity investment as well as how the valuation of company is done by using DCF method for large cap companies and VCM for startups and early growth companies
A well presented course, clearly structured and supported by very comprehensive materials.  Some deep mathematical sections which were harder to follow but, again, well structured and documented.
Despite having already studied finance at university, and having done research on PE & VC, I found this course challenging and fulfilling.  I've definitely learnt a lot.  The course is very good.
While the course was short and informative, more details regarding real life examples of the high valuation and PE deals we hear nowdays about mostly tech firms would have been a value addition.
The Course is very informative and inculcates the students with various nuances of the Private Equity business. This course is a must for all those looking out to make a career in private equity
THIS COURSE ID REALLY WONDERFUL, IT OFFERED ME A COMPLETE GUIDE OR INFORMATION OF WHAT IS PRIVATE EQUITY/ VENTURE CAPITAL, HOW IT WORKS, VALUATION OF COMPANIES ETC. THANK-YOU SO MUCH COURSERA.
It was really nice to follow the lectures of Professor Caselli. I learned so many interesting things and I loved the way of teaching. You can feel the passion of the lecturer. Really advised.
Great example of practical, brief, but profound material. It made me familar with terminology and mechanisms, so I could battle in negotiations with VC bweing a CFO of start-up. Many thanks!
Excellent. I enjoyed it immensely. The only confusing portion of the entire course was that it was not immediately evident that the phrase Net Financial Position, means Net Debt in America.
A truly comprehensive look into the inner workings of PE. I understand a great deal more about this subject now. Great for people who want to get to grips with the basics of this industry.
A great intro to PE/VC. It would have been great if there were follow up courses for investment thesis for different stages of PE. But anyways, It was insightful and I would recommend it.
THIS IS THE BEST PROGRAMME EVER. I HAVE ENJOYED EVERY STEP AND I HAVE LEARNED ALOT.I HAVE PERSONAL INTEREST IN PE/VC AND AM GLAD I CAME ACROSS THIS SITE. I WISH TO DO MORE. AM SO GREATFUL
Very condensed lecture. It will assume you have a fairly solid background in applied corporate finance. But overall, it is a good course. Not many universities offer this course though.
An excellent course, well explained and with great supporting slides, interviews with practitioners and readings. I am very glad to have found and earned my certificate for this course.
Both precise and helpful to understand how Private Equity and Venture Capital investors operate (definition and distinction, ecosystem worldwide, managerial process, valuation process).
A very productive course. It gives you a very comprehensive overview of the VC and PE world, players, jurisdictions, regulatory environment and deal-making process. Highly recommended.
A great course indeed. Helped me to learn a lot about PE and VC. I will surely recommend it to people around me. Special thanks to Prof. Caselli for making this course highly engaging.
Great Course, Outstanding Professor Caselli, Amazing Mentor Guenter, and Very Valuable Lectures and Readings from The Renowned SDA BocconiFully SatisfiedGreetings,Matteo Marcantognini
Fantastic! The broad basics of PE presented very well and easy to understand.My recommendation:  Use more real world companies to show the aspects of regulation and tax and exits, ...
This course gave me a plenty of new knowledge in the field of PE, though the narration was quiet easy yet exciting.This course is a must for every one who is in search of new skills.
The lectures are well organised, detailed and very clear.  It has been very useful and I enjoyed the course very much.  A big thank you to Professor Caselli and the team at Bocconi!
Excellent and very usefull material. Practical approach and outstanding theory on PE and VC clusters, deals structures, covenants, exist strategies, regulation, valuation and more.
The course provides an excellent overview of Private Equity and Venture Capital world. Very well structured materials and clear videos are available for the students. Truly helpful
Very good introduction to private equity. As a financial auditor in PE, this course allows me to develop my knowledge in PE, especially regarding the PE vehicles in the US and UK.
Great Course, I really enjoyed it. The course is well structured and it allows you to have an overview about Private Equity and Venture Capital Sector. I definitely recommend it !
This course has been a positive surprise. I sincerely suggest to everyone, and especially to people who are passionate about finance, this amazing course. Well done Bocconi Team!
That is the excellent course as for professionals and as for students. That was very usefully for me. And I would recomend this one to student of financial or economic education.
A great course to understand how the Private Equity and Venture Capital Industry works and how to evaluate opportunities both from a strategic view and financial valuation view.
Very good course to understand the private equity and venture capital world ! It's not easy to find a good source to learn basics... This course allows me to improve my skills !
Simply amazing. Elegant explanations, basics are covered very well in this course. I will definitely recommend to anyone wishing to embark on a finance course like this. Hi 5!
Great course, provided me with an in-depth understanding of how private equity functions in the real world. Would definitely recommend it to someone interested in this field!
Provided me with a very good overview and level of details that you would expect from such a short yet intense course. Highly recommend to individuals interested in PE world.
Videos and slides were well structured and the length of the course was ideal. It did teach me a lot of the basic concepts for Private Equity and Venture Capital investment.
I am in the PE industry, and this course is teaching me many aspects of the PE industry I was never exposed to. I believe anyone can learn a lot from this course. Thank you!
Excellent course. Good teacher. Might need refreshing as interviewer mentioned 2015 market at present day. However, fundamentals remain the same. Highly recommended course.
Amazing course. The presentations are full of info, structured, with examples. Highly recommend this course for those who don't have enough time to read 500+++ pages books.
Very informative course! A quick peek into all the vital facets of the PE industry. Enjoyed the way instructor appealed to the intuition needed for specific types of deals.
Very informative and illustrative. I had a very little knowledge about this topic and it has really helped me to understand critical concepts as well as  feel confident.
Very helpfull, it really added more knowledge and development to my career on financial markets. The fact that there was PDF material for every week, it was realy great.
This course provided me a wholesome idea about the world of venture capital and private equity. The course was also a refresher for me in terms of valuation techniques.
This course is a perfect place to start learning about PE and VC, as well as to get mastered. Content is presented in an easy to follow manner, and it is comprehensive.
Fantastic! Professor Stefano Caselli is excellent presenter and the lessons are quite clear! The material is also great! Extremely useful curse and highly recommended!
Professor Stefano Caselli is a very good teacher. The additional materials are very clear, and I think that they will be useful also in the technical assessment phase.
Excellent course for people who knows nothing about Private Equity and Venture Capital. It provides all the basis notions needed to understand this business activity.
I was very satisfied with the content, the pace, the level of detail, and the interviews at the end of each chapter that provided different perspectives on the topic.
I really enjoyed listening to the professor! His expertise in PE is phenomenal and I would love to see him in person at Bocconi. I can recommend this course to 100%.
Very informative, well structured course. Simple lucid language and all the learning material provided along with it makes it a very easy to learn content for anyone
Amazing Course ! Though it was wuth Italian background, but gave a very good exposure of Global trade practice. And the teacher was quite energetic. Loved his accent
Amazing delivery of the course. Really enjoyed the journey throughout the course. I'm grateful to Bocconi University for providing this amazing course. Thanks a lot!
The course was a very practical one, with computations that are easy to understand as well as end of module interviews that helped consolidate on what was learned.
It's very intersting and valuable, from many point of view. It's complete, it ranges on every aspect, and gives you many documents to fully understand how PE works
Amazing course! Really useful for those wants to have an in-depth overview of the industry! Thank you Coursera, Stefano Caselli and Università Bocconi! Well done.
Very well put together, high video production quality, excellent use of supporting materials. Great Information, relevant contributions from interviewed members.
really interesting and helpfull for those who wants to learn more about PE. Prof. Caselli way of teaching is great to follows and straight to the point. Thanks!
I am surprised with the high-quality of the content of this course. It explains in great detail the Venture Capital industry, as well as easy-to-grasp examples.
Very comprehensive and easy to follow course. The formula were very well explained and excel worksheets were provided so students can adapt them for future use.
It is a good introduction course that gives basic information about PE World. I loved it when they explained the difference between the US system vs EU system.
Great course and totally recommended! Even if you work in this area it teaches you the theoretical concepts matching them it practical exercises and questions.
I would have liked to see more case studies with projects involved. Otherwise, this was a very illuminating course with a good teacher and interesting content
i had no prior knowledge of Private equity and venture capital but now i know a lot. The course has helped in my entrepreneurship journey. Thank You Professor
Really good content and well-structured course. It is quite easy to follow. If would like to finish the course in one or two weeks only, it is also possible.
Excellent. We can see that Bocconi University is very committed with their online courses. The materials are better than any other I have seen in Coursera an
I highly recommend this course! The information is relevant, clear, and well presented. Thank you for teaching me the fundamentals of this exciting world!!
Ultimate knowledge delivery, unique style and most comprehensive coverage of topic. I have a long list of courses completed on Coursera but It's different!
I recommend this course to any one who is any way associated with Private Equity and Venture Capital. By this course we will have the basic understanding.
Excellent course with a broad panorama of what PE and VC is. Financial analysis process well explained and very interesting content and format!! Thank you
Great course, provides a strong theoretical foundation of PE & VC. It also has valuation concepts in the last week which are very useful and fun to learn.
This course is great! But in my opinion to improve the course is talk more about the Venture Capital in the same proportion of PE vehicles and mechanism.
Great course for anyone interested in private equity investing and the venture capital world. Simple, straightforward and a great teacher for the basics.
Exceptional course and amazing professor with deep knowledge of the field and which key concepts he should present in the limited time he has. Thank you!
An excellent taster of the PE/VC process in Europe and the US...need to congratulate Prof. Caselli in conducting the course with a true educator's zeal.
Great introduction into the world of private equity and venture capital. The course gives a good overview of the sector and some of the technicalities.
Very helpful and well prepared course. I missed more articles and reading materials about the topic. But for an introductory course this was fantastic.
Very interesting and deep. Provides all around view of VCPE. Better than few other VCPE courses. Course is structured really well. Highly recommend it.
It was expository and explanatory. The slides and material made it easy to follow the course and I have been able to increase my wealth of knowledge.
Very useful and insightful! Professional information delivered in a learning-friendly way. Gave me a good overall understanding of the subject area.
I am very grateful for the Professor to have given out this course available for everyone for free with such a high quality of teaching. Many thanks
I like the way the material is presented and the interviews with people working on the field right now, make it even more interesting and rewarding.
Great course to understand the basics of VC. Stefano Caselli explains in very professional and Bundesstandard way accompanied with very good slides.
Excellent quality course, with a unique didactic approach and clarity in all explanations. I recommend everyone to have an interest in the subject.
Excellent Teaching and well explain in details. One of the best i have found on Coursera. I look forward for more of this from Bocconi University.
I loved the course! It is easy to understand, and has immense practical application. I am sure that this course will help me in my legal career.
A pleasant and vivid roadmap of Private Equity & VC investing, that could be supplemented with advanced valuation, LBO and real option modeling.
I genuinely enjoy doing that course. Learning exact terms or reviewing definitions, with a bit of spreadsheet modelling (just enough to be fun).
A good course for people interested in understanding broadly the topic of  PE and Venture Capital with a  basic background in legal and finance
Perfectly structured course. I love that there are readings and videos and examples included.  I learned a lot. I recommend this course 10000%
This course provides a thorough understanding of the concepts of Private Equity. Interviews of the professors enhance the learning experience.
Great course. Simple to understand, to the point cutting to the chase.The support material has excellent quality, highly recommendable course.
The reading materials are extremely helpful, and give an indepth all round knowledge of the course title. Thanks a lot to every body involved.
extremely helpful in understanding the world of private equity and venture capital, good to have some background or understanding in finance.
Very interesting and well-structured course - helpful for professionals as it focuses on important aspects and summarizes them very precisly!
Great course, very comprehensive! And I really liked the enthusiasm of the professor - he was really engaged and thereby made it fun to watch
Prof. Stefano Casseli was amazing !! Wonderful course for entrepreneurs who are not from finance background. The course is structured well !
Excellent course, concise and informative. Packed with useful information , clear, very well explained.It was very helpful to me, THANK YOU!
I really enjoyed Stefano's style of teaching, I love the topic PE and VC and will continue to learn more in this area. Thanks for the course
Great course, great instructor. Very simple and straight forward with good ways to apply theory and nice interviews at the end of each week.
Great course, I recommend it to anyone who wants to be more familiar with the PE/VC practice ! The materials are concise and well explained
Very intense. For those that want to learn at a fast pace covering all the important matters. Some economical/business knowledge required.
It was great course with fantastic information. I will consider to apply for Master degree in the future in Bocconi. Fantastic university!
Awesome course, it covers all the important aspects about investing in private equity. I recommend to all who wish to learn in investing
Very Informative and engaging Course. As a beginner to Private Equity Domain. I got lots of Insights. and i do recommend others to join.
Very good course!! It gives you broad knowledge and understanding on how PE works as well as the issues and the challenges it confronts.
Thank you very much to the Team of Bocconi University, specially to Mr. Stefano Caselli, and to everybody that makes Coursera possible
Great court to understand de basics of the Private Equity and Venture Capital deals. Nouns and tools very rich in the industry itself.
Very good course with the perfect balance between fundamentals of PE and basic technical skills to understand the mechanic behind it!
Absolutely thrilled to have completed this course! Great work by Professor Stefano, thank you so much guiding me through the course.
Great Learning Experience. Need more such courses related to Finance. Thanks a lot for giving me the opportunity to learn from you.
Great Course. The Real Life Examples and The interviews with eminent personalities make the course really practical and enjoyable.
THE COURSE PROVIDED VERY GOOD AND DETAILED EXPLANATION ABOUT PRIVATE EQUITY AND VENTURE CAPITAL AS WELL AS THEIR MODE OF OPERATION
Very helpful and selection of good case studies in the course. All lectures are of precise length. Learned a lot from this course
Very interesting course, easy to understand and giving many tools to succeed in the PE and VC world. Would definitely recommand!
Its a good course for all the MBA graduates as well as an entrepreneur ,it a good learning and we get a practical knowledge too.
The course covers a vast and complicated subject and explains it beautifully. He makes the subject both interesting and simple.
Good overview of PE & VC world. Gives further insight to knowledge accumulated in that field from University degree in Finance.
A well designed and a perfect course for individuals who are planning to start their professional life into the finance sector
Very deep knowledge of the subject. Pleasantly surprised. I found downloading of slides ahead of watching videos really helps.
Thank you very much. I learned so much and equipped me with the knowledge relative to my current working industry. God bless.
Great immersion to Private Equity and Venture Capital. The material is very clear and useful, excellent real-life-like cases.
informative and easy-to-understand materials; apart from academic sources, lecturer also provide views of practical PE market
Thank you Mr Stefano for a great course. A must have for all entrepreneurs serious about realizing an idea in the real world.
Very Informative, explained by Faculty in a very lucid manner and well supported by useful videos, slides and work sheet.  4
Very useful, well organized, and syntetic information on the PE and VC world, I believe this course is good value for money!
It was a great introduction to Venture Capital and Private Equity. It definitely increased my interest towards the industry.
Excellent overview. Very applicable crash course to whet the appetite. Enough to understand what's going on as an outsider
Amazing course, very interesting and very well thought out. I learned a lot about the PE world and I found it very useful.
This is a great start course for anyone with good financial knowledge who wants to understand the Private Equity industry.
Presenting applicable subjects in a structured and
ordered formComprehensive slides and complementary excel filesThanks :)
The course provides clear and understandable basic insights in the topic of PE&VC. A great one to start with these topics.
Excellent! I am just grateful for the University of Bocconi and the Coursera to make this possible! Many thanks, friends!
Absolutely loved this course. Good explanations, good set of notes, spreadsheets, etc. Wish I would have found it sooner!
relevent information, combination of reading, practical exemples and video learning. It answered what i was looking for.
One of the best courses on Coursera! Very well structured and easy to understand. Congratulations to Bocconi University.
Very well made course that knows how to transmit knowledge regarding a complicated subject. I would recommend to anyone.
this is one of the interesting course as i have gained a lot of knowledge about the private equity and venture capital.
I found the course very useful explaining beyond the fundamentals.The lectures covering 'Valuation' were most valuable.
Nicely designed course for students who don't have any prior knowledge in this particular sector. Really appreciate it.
I learned a lot from this course. It gives me a basic understanding and structure of how private equity business works.
Excellent course with a relevant content. Cases help to understand. the professor is excellent ! I strongly recommand.
Very relevant content explained in a systematic manner. The discussion forums are really interesting. Found it useful.
A special
thanks to the Professor Stefano Caselli For have explained these topics in a
clear and comprehensive manner.
Amazing course and i really recommend  for everyone who intend to learn more about Private Equity and Venture Capital.
Just a perfect introduction to Private Equity. The course is well-structured and the teacher is amazing. Thanks a lot!
Excellent intro into Private Equity. Hands on approach and good working examples that come with Spreadsheets and PDFs
I really like this lesson, the teacher gives very good explaination about how does work private in Europe, US and UK.
I was waiting for a good Private Equity course long time. I find this course very well structured. I give it 5 Stars.
Love it. The professor structured the class very well and simplified a complex topic which was very much appreciated.
Excellent course. It helped me to know more about Private Equity. I liked the approach both technical and practical.
It's great, I was able to understand Private Equity and it is vital for my work, even though I'm a Computer Engineer
A very interesting course which helps anybody to achieve a wide and deep understanding related to the PE &VC world.
A holistic overview of PE and VC structure. Very recommended to those who want to get an idea of what they are and
The course was new to me but it felt easy because of the videos and the slides. Even the interviews were helpful.
Great material, clear, simple but giving all the necessary jargon and knowledge to better understand the industry
First course in PE, very interesting, practical example are very pleasant. Thank you ! Now i'll try the simulator
Very good course which covers widely the role and the activity of a private equity firm both in Europe and US&UK.
Very insightful content, covering a broad range of topics, with captivating interviews and engaging discussions!
Best starter course for PE and VC. The resources are the best ever seen. Thanks a lot Professor and Coursera <3.
Very practical based on real VB world and not hard to understand even if you don't have professional background
Really nice course with a mixture of slides, presentations, interviews and exercises. I definitely  suggest it.
Congratulation for this amazing course about Private Equity and Venture Capital, it is very quite interesting !
Overview of all the important technical topics within VC and PE.  Highly recommend this course for startupers!
Brilliant course, recommended for everyone who wants to be a big player in the world without the stock market.
Good course for a starter in Private Equity, overview of the different cycles, formats and basics of modelling
Enjoyed the class and the discussions. Cool to get perspective on how PE works in different parts of the world
Awesome, crisp, to the point and one of its kind course. Thank you so much University of Bocconi and Coursera.
It's a course with complet information if you what to get in to the private equity and venture capital world.
A very special thank to Professor Caselli, always able to explain technical concepts in a crystal clear way.
Very Comprehensive course on Private Equity and Venture Capital Funding and Life Cycle of their Investments.
Really good material, well explained, thought quizes, overall great course to get yourself introduced in PE.
Overall good practical knowledge has been delivered, which is not otherwise easily available in study texts.
course material provided in engaging format with the right density of content. engaging instructor as well.
Extraordinary well designed, good methodology, good balance between videos and readings, excellent teacher.
Good:+ structure+ slides+ excels for calculationsImprove:language in tests. Sometimes unclear what is meant
Done with it. Oh that too mentor's english keeps irritating me even now. Anyway materials help me to pass.
I learned a lot about Private Equity and Venture Capital. I am very grateful for the teacher's teachings.
A very great course with an engaging lecturer to understand more about Private Equity and Venture Capital
Great content for beginners for corporate finance and interested in topic of private equity in particular
Excellent course!! The concepts are very well explained by the Professor Stefano Caselli. I do recommend.
I loved how all the notes were downloadable as a PDF. Instructor was clear and engaging. I learned a lot!
A great course for the beginner in Private Equity and Venture Capital World. Thanks a lot, Prof. Stefano!
Some of the questions should be reviewed for their translation into English. A few were rather confusing.
Great contents. I'm a startup CEO and it helped me to get a better perspective on PE/VC world. Thank you.
Well designed and extremely well delivered course for anyone who wishes to understand the PE/VC business.
Very complete course for 5 weeks. Great professor with great explanation skills and examples. Recomended
Great class, touched on everything I was looking for and especially helpful with valuation calculations.
I learnt a lot about the world of private equity and enjoyed the lecture format as well as the  forums .
Excellent class, great learning and good pace. Will be good to have a refresher test after a year or so
Excellent Entry Level Course.  The material is well presented and structured in a very logical format.
Very useful and well-done course for everyone who wants to understand the basic knowledge of PE and VC
The instructor was excellent.  Interesting to listen to and made the concepts very easy to understand.
The course was very helpful, professionally done and giving all information which required. Thank you!
Very good course that teaches the fundementals aswell as some in-depth skill essential for PE and VC!
It was an excellent learning experience. It gave me a chance to practical experience of the PE space.
The most enriching course about private equity I came across with. Glad that I selected this course!!
Very valuable course to learn and understand how VC's operate and what financial analysis are needed.
Best Contents and Well Structured! It would be great if we get comprehensive materials for practices.
Really interesting and well-structured course. The subtitles are correct and really useful sometimes.
Deeper valuation and numerical skills would have helped but the course was very complete. Thank you.
The course gives a very comprehensive overview of the Private Equity and Venture Capital industries.
Very useful and interestingm it goes straight to the point without excessive debate on theoretical.
Great course. Great material. Very dinamic and very clear. Practical excercises were really usefull
Very interesting course, well done all the materials and additional video/support: congratulations.
I´d strongly recommend this course as it provides a clear picture of what project finance involves.
great course and gets technical to non finance people like myself at the end with all the formaulae
One of the best online platforms ive used.A plethora of industry specialists also added great value
This course gives a great overview on PE and VC. Very well taught. I really enjoyed participating.
great course!!!!Prof Caselli is fantastic. Now i can say i know more about PE and VC. Well done!!!
Fantastic course for beginners who are interested to know about private equity and venture Capital
superb and really well presented and easy to understand even for a pharmaceutical background as me
Very clearly explained concepts with significant real world application. Very effective professor!
Very interesting, well written and explained. Definitely a good initial step into PE and VC world.
This course is really interesting and give much knowledge about venture capital and private equity
It was a very well taught course. Will look forward for learning such courses from Prof.Stephano.
Amazing course for those interested in PE & VC. A very good and stable foundation to build upon.
Covers good fundamental concepts of PE and VC. Teaches both qualitative and quantitative skills.
Great structure and quality of the course! A lot of insides and useful tips for future experts.
it was very clearly defined and knowledgeable course. it helped me in learning from the basics.
Very interesting and well explained with concrete examples. The written support is very uselful
Very good overview for beginners. It's mixed with the right amount of overview of technicality.
Great overall learning experience and very well explained and in-depth coverage of the portion
the prof explained everything clearly, including the whole ecosystem and the valuation methods
The perfect crisp and clean course to begin your journey in Private Financing and Investment.
I learn a lot from this course that helps me always further in my finance career... Thank you
Very good course to learn about VC and PE. Very good professor, knowledgeable and articulate.
Stefano Caselli is one the best lecturer and he makes things easier to understand. Thank you
Very complete and well-structured course ! The slides are also really clear and easy to use.
Very Helpful in covering the basics, with practical examples, practice cases and interviews.
This course is amazing and very helpful for beginners who want to study about Private Equity
Excellent videos and course material. Really impressed about the quality of online learning!
The simulator was a real surprise. Realized so many non-financial parameters impact results.
An excellent course for newbies who are   interested in private equity and Venture capital.
Very good course! it teaches how PE and VC work and how important they are in today economy
best course ever joined until now. Great explanations, great slides, great exercises. 10/10
Comprehensive enough. The last part was slightly off and unsolicited. Enjoyed, nonetheless.
Faculty very good, course very complex made very easy read ,,,thank you for putting it up!
It is a great learning course for newbies trying to get their head around the VC & PE worl
well explained, structured, very interesting and useful, seems to be high quality content.
Brilliant.But the valuations section needs to be done in a better way. Good course though.
very concise and to the point. just the type of introduction to PE that I was looking for!
Great content to begin your journey of understanding in this part of the capital markets.
Great overview of differences in North American and European private equity requirements.
This course is a great refresher to venture capital and private equity methods. Loved it!
Good overview of private equity and venture capital. I am very much enjoying this course!
Excellent course, very nice format, few key concepts delivered in a very effective manner
Excellent course, with a lot of useful information,  structured in an easy-to-learn  way.
Excellent instructor who explains all aspects of Private Equity Investment with clarity.
Its a course that help you know about the venture capital and private equity in detail.!
A European perspective of PE/VC, valuable global insight into how other markets operate.
One of the best financial course I ever attend. Wish more people experience this course.
Thanks for sharing the great knowledge of investment of EU and US, it  is very helpful !
Great course! I would have done a little longer just adding some formulas and exercises
I found the course very informative and enjoyed working through the material. Thank you
Super hands-on approach. Loved the video lessons. Perfect to prepare for PE interviews.
Really insightful yet practical, the right balance between completeness and complexity
Easy to follow and very well written considering the dryness at times of the material.
Very good introduction course for the knowledge of Private equity and venture capital
Very useful course in today's world.  Tutoral used is very effective and descriptive.
Very good and informative course. Provides a good general understanding. I recommend.
Good material, lectures, learned a lot in an easy and friendly way. Thanks for this !
Excellent teacher and the coursera tools are greats.Exemples are part of the program.
Very interesting and enjoyable course with brilliant explanations of complex topics.
- very good explanations and examples-very easy to understand this complex procedure
Very informative and well structured course! The lecturer does a great job, as well!
The course was informative and gained various insights which will be highly useful.
Nice, To Point. Sometimes Little Difficult To Garb Things, But Overall Nice Course.
Great intro class to PE & VC. The learning method and examples were helpful for me.
Very clear and engaging course. Would have hoped for more advanced content, though.
This course contains a lot of good sources and it is so helpful. You can't miss it!
Wow, I learned a lot from this course. I can't wait to use some of these concepts.
Very good course wiith a lot of fundementals and details. It's very well explained
This is an introduction to PE. How it works? The basic framework of starting a PE.
Amazing content. It gave me a deeper and more detailed understanding of PE and VC
Very good course to understanding the world of Private Equity and Venture Capital
very helpful in learning of all aspects of venture capital and its calculations.
Very meaningful and understandable content, great professor!Thank you very much!
An excellent course, I thoroughly enjoyed learning the inner workings of PE & VC
Very helpful insight on the PE industry, really applicable as day-one on the job
A great PE and VC course with case studies, interviews and valuable excel files.
Excellent course, really important to any entrepreneurial and financial proyect.
The course provides a very clear view on PE's features, processes and mechanisms
A great course laying the foundation of Private Equity  & Venture Capital world.
Very practical introduction to some of the concepts. Well explained. Thank you.
If you want to understand and go in deep in PV and VC this is the right course.
Great course, very helpful and good materials provided for study. Recommend it!
Useful to understand the difference between a Private Equity and Public Equity.
I found this very useful as I am transitioning from Banking to Private Equity..
It was a very nice experience and I really enjoyed learning from Prof. Caselli
Very Knowledgeable Courses, Obviously it will help me, in my startup business.
A very useful introductory course! Great material and explaination by Caselli.
Useful course to learn the basics of the PE industry plus additional insights.
Excellent teaching by Mr Stefano Caselli. He explained everything succinctly.
It's lovely course for somebody who have never known private equity before !!
Excellent course material and faculty! Loved it quite an enriching experience
Extremely good course to develop an understanding of how private equity works
Very Very good course to learn in effective and efficient manner.............
Very well structured course offering the insight into the world of PE and VC.
Very professional and concise course to get an overview over the PE industry.
THIS COURSE HAVE HELPED ME TO LEARN A LOT OF NEW THINGS ABOUT PRIVATE EQUITY
Great introductory course to the world of Private Equity and Venture Capital
Excellent guidance and explanation and the instructor gave good explanation.
brilliant course, highly informative, clear structure, and clear information
Nice course, with a complete overview of PE environment and strategic focus.
Very interesting course, provided insight into the private equity situation.
Good Conceptual clarity and practical ideas for being a successful Investor
Good content for newcomers to the industry or a refresher for the veterans.
A complete introduction to PEI and VC. Incredibly useful to any startupper.
Great course, but I think could have been a little bit more comprehensive.
This is an amazing course with loads of practical knowledge from industry.
Very precise course, with well prepared slides and knowledge. Recommended.
Extremely valuable course for anyone wanting to enter the PE and VC space.
Although I a have worked with private equity and VCs for years, I learned.
Excellent course on Private Equity with awesome slides and class materials
Excellent course to understand the dynamics of private equity investments
Very interesting and educational to increase my knowledge of the PE world
Implementable course. need more explained topics in developing countries.
It was a very helpfull course and really well explained by the professor.
Would be very thankful for more courses on this topic! Thank You Bocconi!
Great course provided by the best University in the world. See you soon.
Delivered with a touch of masterclass. A really enriching online course.
Great content and an engaging professor. Surely I recomend this program.
I wrote my opinion in a previous comment, but I forget give you 5 starts
Brilliant Course to start from scratch in the world of new enterprise...
Awesome! gonna apply it on my next deals (investment banking in Mexico)
This is a very good course. I gained so much knowlede with this course.
I would be nice to have an update with market conditions in 2020 for PE
A very detailed ad insightful course, especially the Valuation section.
Excellent course. Provides thorough insight into the world of PE and VC
Excelente professor and lectures. Very objetive on what really matters.
Really great material highlighting the most important areas of PE & VC.
Was so valuable to me in terms of knowledge materials and even lecturer
Difficult things laid out in an easy way to follow. A very good course.
Very informative, the professor speaks well and the structure is good.
The lecturer elaborates the course very clearly and easy to understand
The best material on Private Equity  I found and I was searching long.
well explained course by the faculty in the simplest manner.Thank you
Very well structured, clear, very well presented, exigent. Thank you.
amazing course with great insights about the private equity industry.
As a professional , it would be basic Fundamentals for the Investers
Really clear and easy to understand picture of PE and VC in general!
Amazing CourseAfter my MBA I will definitively progress through CPEP
A great curse to get a general grasp of the Private Equity industry.
The course is indeed helpful to a non finance student to learn PEVC.
Great course! Perfect to unterstand the basis of PE and VC industry.
Great course. Very clear goal setting and execution of the program.
This course gives a very good introduction to private equity world.
It is an excellent primer for getting the basics of Private Equity.
good introductory course with the right amount of technical content
Very well structured course giving good overview of the PE industry
A good and very interesting course into the world of Private Equity
a well organised course. but should focus more on emerging markets
Such an amazing course! Thank you very much Stefano & Bocconi team
Briliantlly structured course and an amazing professor! Thank you!
simply great course with a lot of useful informations/calculations
Really good course. I'd love to do a specialization in this topic.
Great course and videos with very helpful handouts and materials.
Complete, easy to understand, well done. Interesting interviews.
The course gives a great introduction to the world of PE and VC.
Extremely lucid and simple explanation of the entire PE industry
Very helpfull to create an overview of the private equity market
Very easy to follow. Instructor was clear and notes were concise
Amazing course. Loved the way of teaching. Will surely recommend
really very interesting! Nice lessons, powerpoint and exercises!
Great explanation of the subject in videos and class materials.
Excellent course! I recommend it for everyone interested in PE.
Well structured course that gives a solid introduction into PE.
Great compilation about the Private Equity and Venture Capital.
Excellent material and a very capable and experienced professor
Very helpful and useful for PE investors and PE companies also
Very good course with good job from the professor in teaching!
Very Interactive and full of knowledge! Thank you very much!!!
Very clear and insightful introduction to a fascinating topic.
Good introduction to the world and fundamentals of PE and VC.
With Italian passion about Privat Equity and Venture Capital!
The course is highly relevant to understand the basics of PE.
it was an practical and useful course, so helpful for my job.
Comprehensive and very well structured and taught. Thank you.
Great course that gives a good overview over the whole topic!
Very Good approach to PE world. Hope there would be in-depth
Good videos, good slides, good excel-sheets, and fair exams.
Very interesting and practical course. Thank you very much!
Extremely well structured course with relevant information.
Great crash course in PE. This gives me a great foundation.
A way to learn a lot about something I didn't know before !
Very quick and solid introduction to the world of PE and VC
Great learning experience with a best in class professor!
Thank you very much. Easy to follow and so much to learn.
Very clear structure. Explanations of concepts are great!
Broad and easy to capture overview of the VC and PE world
A course taught with a lot of enthusiasm and proactively.
Very useful and I could relate to my working environment.
very useful knowledge,  but the accent is hard to follow.
It was a exceptionally organized, structured and taught.
Very informative and really useful course. Gained a lot.
Awesome course! Extremely good insights and very useful.
Excellent course with a great teacher. Alexandre Mathias
great course give in depth knowledge of venture capital
Clear and very structured teaching. Great for learning.
Amazing course. Very clear exemple and practical course
Excellent course for beginners in the PE & VC industry.
fantastic than you bocconi university and prof stefano
Detailed and in-depth course of PE. Highly recommended
Great course, very useful introduction to the PE world
A simple yet comprehensive course for the uninitiated.
Good course, was really helpful. The teacher is great
Excellent professor and well-done material. 10 on 10!
Among the best courses I've evere done! Very usefull.
Excellent introduction to PE and VC around the globe.
Really liked the course, it was crisp and meaningful.
Really informative course. Would certainly recommend!
This class was taught very well and I learned a lot.
Very interesting notions well and easily explained !
Clear, interesting, high-quality content : perfect !
very good presentations and supporting documentation
Great Course. Easy explained, great slides provided.
Good course. Mentally prepared me for the my PE job.
Very insightful course especially week 4 was great.
Great way to learn more about the world of PE & VC!
Very precise and comprehensive. Highly recommended.
Amazing, really helpfull, great fedback, top course
Excellent choice. Great material and great teacher.
very well presented and easy to understand material
Very good course! A great introduction to PE & VC.
too good i get so much knowledge about the finance
Very exhaustive and clear course, congratulations!
It's really helpful! Thanks for this amazing MOOCs
Great course! Covers the fundamentals of the topic
Liked the very structured ovrview of PE financing.
the best course I have ever had!!!!!!!!! hank you
Awesome course. Thanks a lot Professor Caselli !!
Loved it! I enjoyed the course and learned a lot.
Superb!! Totally recommended for Angel Investors!
Let me know more about it. Really a great course!
exceptional insight in the world of a PE investor
This is the best course I have ever been attended
Excelent! I hope that Bocconi launch more MOOC's!
An excellent course, well explained and narrated.
Excellent to possess the basics of the industry.
Good contents with an excellent notes and videos
Quick and good basic overview about PEs and VCs.
great course and great introduction to the field
Great course! Great professor! Bocconi one love
Amazing course for beginners in Private Equity.
good for induction. SMARTstart is a great tool.
Great Course!!! Very helpful for practical use!
Very clear and complete overview of the sector.
Thank you,  an amazing teacher for this course
Nice introduction. Course materials are clear.
The best course on understanding the PE world.
Fantastic course to understand the PE process.
Great teacher, great course. Thank you so much
Met the expactations, clear and to the point.
Had an amazing experience learning the course
Great introduction course for private equity.
A very simple and efficient way of teaching!
Very professional and it´s state of the art.
very professional course with great content.
throughly introduction and totally enjoying.
Completely opened my mind to how PE/VC works
One of the best courses I have every enjoyed
Very detailed in equity value calculations.
Great training on PE/VC - worth to take it!
Great course and very professional teacher!
Great course, great experience. Thank you!
A very comprehensive and practical course.
very didatic and good course for beginners
it is what i need to move forward my plans
Great course with a very concise overview.
Great intro to VC and practical exercises
Very effective materials and topic chosen
Overall, good content to introduce in PE.
Great for lawyer and financing entities .
Very informative and very well structured
excellent course material and information
Great course covering basics of PE world.
Very interesting topics. Great professor.
Very interesting and high quality course.
Very efficient course for new learners!!
Complete, clear and very well explained.
Amazing and great insights for PE arena.
Well structured. and good study material
Thank you for such an incredible course!
Very relevant and up-to-date information
Excellent Introductory course to PE & VC
I found the final exam waaaay tooo easy!
Great overview absolutely well presented
Thank you for such a wonderful learning
Excellent Course and very good content.
Concise, comprehensive and cool course!
Highly recommended, thank you Stefano !
Really good course. I strongly suggest.
Very interesting and productive course!
Excellent content and very knowledgable
Insightful introduction into PE world.
Very Good, and Very Clear Explanation
Very good course and too informative.
Very Good course. Clear instructions.
very good course and really appreted.
One of the best courses I have taken!
Very good course! Highly recommended!
Very useful course, highly recommend!
Well done and very much interesting!
Avery helpful and informative course
Great course. Very complete content.
This is really a very useful course.
easy to understand and very thorough
Great and very complete introduction
Terrific course and all encompassing
Very clear and straight to the point
Excelent course and excelent tutor!
Great course, very clear and useful
very interesting and well organized
Very useful and interesting content
Really excellent quality teaching!!
Interesting course. Very satisfied.
Great course and very good material
The best lecturer i've seen so far.
Outstanding content and instruction
Ver y inateresting and thoughtfull.
Love the course. Really insightful
Amazing course! Thank you so much!
Extremely recommended . Well done!
Very good, eye-opening and useful.
SDA Bocconi. education at its best
Excellent material and instructor.
Very instructive and interesting.
Great format to expand knowledge!
Very interesting and interactive!
Amazing course!Stefano ,the best.
Clear and straight to the point!
Great course, highly recommended
Good introduction to VC industry
Dear Stefano was crystal clear!
Interesting and well run course
great course, very enlightening
excellent content of the course
Interesting and very well done!
A great refresher to PE and VC.
Interesting and informative...
Very Informative and Enjoyable
Thank you for the good course
Nice course, i learned a lot
The course was  Outstanding.
A great learning experience!
Fantastic course! Thank you.
Very Good Course Thank You!
Awesome and helpful course.
great course, great content
Extremely well constructed!
Very interesting thank you
Great, really great course
Well designed course work.
provides detail knowledge
It's really very helpful!
A very good introduction.
Very Insightful & Crisp.
It was very informative!
good, easy to understand
Great course! Thank you!
Very Interesting course.
Good and concise course.
Wonderful!! Thank you...
very interactive course
Thank you so much sir .
very useful, thank you
A very complete course
Very good and clear!!!
Perfect! Many thanks.
Well covered course.
Excellent teacher !!
Clear and effective!
Decnet information.
clear and effective
very interesting :)
Very comprehensive
incredible course
Very Challenging!
A great overview.
Amazing course :)
Great Professor!
clear, synthetic
Very effective.
can learn a lot
pretty good one
Very fruitful
Great lessons
learned alot！
Great class.
Learnt Alot
Insightful
Great 101
top
