Very little content. It is useful, but definitely not worth paying for it. Also, the exercises aren't truly exercises to practice what has been taught: just writing exercises with different lenghts, with a slight focus on what's been spoken about through the week. It looks like they wanted to make money from a minimum input, and that is disappointing.
Auditing is pretty useless with how this class is updated. I can't get peer reviews so my assignments get zero feedback. Coursera didn't used to be like this. Asked about how to be more involved in class discussions and peer reviews a couple days ago and haven't received feedback.
I found the wording of the assignments really difficult to follow so I didn't really understand what was expected of me.  I spend a lot of time (and therefore money!) on this course but in the end I made a conscious decision to stop.  I was taking it for personal pleasure and it was not worth the stress each week of trying to work out what was being asked.  I have taken a number of other courses in creative writing elsewhere, and other courses on Coursera - this is the first one I have actively chosen to stop because I just wasn't engaging with it - either for education or for enjoyment.
I never received any feedback on my assignments. I have not gotten credit for submitting the final assignment. I see there are other people pleading for others to read their work as well. The instructors and videos give good ideas but there is no reason to pay for this course.
This is not worth the money or time. There was too much of the course that involved teaching by the numbers. I don't think creative writing can be taught that wasy. Any 21 step process is absurd and that is only one phase of the course.
The peer reviewed assignments are next to useless, as there is no oversight on them. I think there needs to be a basic comprehension assessment done first, before allowing fellow learners the ability to pass/fail students in the course.
I thought that your courses were available for free if you were not looking for certificate.
This course sucks and I am beginning to hate Coursera and everyone associated with it
Course is a little formulaic, had trouble making my submissions follow the structure outlined but still, I learnt some useful tips and actually got to just write something orderly. Liked some of the visiting speakers (the third speaker who talked about character - mature lady, dark hair) was quite good. So was the first gentleman. Overall, the course is ok but given the strict methodology and requirements for writing, I don't know if I'll make it through the specialisation. Thank you for reading!
Instructor had no idea what he was talking about in his examples. Misused examples routinely, didn't understand their structure or plot. It was like he hadn't even read the examples he was using, someone just gave him notes he was reading off. The other courses have good instructors, I can see why they didn't offer this guy a permanent teaching job.
lame, plus they charged me even though I didn't want to pay for the certificate.
Did not want to continue this course futher
I completed my four assignments...I reviewed the work of others.  Every time I log in I get a message that tells me I can finish in another two hours....  Finish what?  I  think I am finished, and can't find what more is required.  I contacted Coursera.  I chatted...the lady told me I was finished and that I would get a grade.  I haven't gotten a grade.So I'm out of here.  I loved the  coursework.  It was excellent.  I absolutely hate the website.  Udemy works!
this is great course
I don't see the point of having other writings who are at the same skill level as me critique my work.  It's like the blind leading the blind.  I was expecting a professional to grade my work to provide insight and direction.  Total waste of my money.
The material in the videos were very helpful, inspiring and informative. Unfortunately our assignments are graded and reviewed by our peers. I'm deeply disappointed because there appears to be no screening what so ever of the students who enroll. So my experience was extremely nerve wracking and upsetting because I had no idea if I'd pass because people kept failing me even though I certainly met all the assignment criteria. Often I would get feed back like "..." or "-" or "yes" and "no" meanwhile I had to attempt to review submissions like "t" for a 1000 story? They literally submitted one letter!!! The group I ended up in was so grossly incompetent (or full of people that plain didn't care) I'm extremely angry that I was charged $69 for this. Honestly if I'm to pay I'd expect a professional to grade our work. Peer reviews are fine, but for this to be worth it, someone who knows the craft should at least take a look.
Felt very much like an exercise in writing-by-numbers.  Assignment instructions were too vague and the pass/fail grading system meant lots of classmates were upset that their work was not appreciated or understood.  So many people on the course do not have English as a first language that the marking is often erratic.  Great that non-native speakers are trying to write in English, enriching the canon, but in those circumstances a pass/fail system seems misguided.
The material isn't bad, and it does provide some interesting prompts to think and write about. But, the curriculum is not at all creative. It focuses on easily teachable and repeatable lessons that teach a certain, standard way of doing things. It tries to reduce creative writing down to a formula instead of acknowledging that many compelling and successful stories can have almost any imaginable form. If perhaps many types of structures had been emphasized or structures had been pointed out as optional, this would have been mitigated, but the time period is so short that there's no time. The result is a class that feels more like "Writing: How to Make a Formulaic, Sellable Book" than anything with "Creative" in the title.
I feel like each week's videos didn't go into great enough detail. The peer review experience was very poor too. I don't feel like I received any meaningful feedback and felt that the way the system is structured promoted lazy reviewing. Overall the biggest weakness of this course is a lack of example assignments. If there were example assignment for each module with detailed descriptions of how everything fit together, the poor peer review experience wouldn't have mattered nearly as much. I learned some valuable lessons here but I think I could haven gotten just as much from watching youtube videos.
Assignments felt forced and incongruous with the weekly lessons. The assignments did not feel like an opportunity to practice the skills focused on in the lessons.
My experience with the course was not fulfilling, because I didn't get professional guidance throughout the course. The instructor provided some information and required to submit some assignment, so we did some writings and reviewed our peers' writings. This is OK.  But I didn't enroll in the course in order to see opinion of those who just started writing, exactly as I did. As the beginners, we needed feedback from those who already accomplished some level, but didn't receive it. I would not recommend this course to those, who really wants to learn how to start writing.
I couldn't take the instructor seriously. There were too many comparisons to Harry Potter and various three and five act formulas. I wanted something that would be practical and adaptable to the ideas that I'm working on. This just wasn't the right course for me. The assignments felt like they were pointless as well.
Too prescriptive and prone to lists. "Do these 21 things when editing a novel". If that's what I was looking for, I could search the web for blogs. Maybe this was too beginner focused for me, but I'm not sure I learned anything really useful here.
Very basic course with an extremely limited view on what makes a good plot.
I feel like, even though it is a course about PLOT, they should give you suggestions and advice when it comes to developing other parts of your story (characters, for example). Also, I think there should be multiple SHORTER activities for us to practice more instead of just one HUGE assignment at the end of each lesson
The pre-recorded lessons were good, but the assignments were unhelpful, as the peer critique process is highly flawed. Students need opportunities for professional critiques and face-to-face encounters with a cohort or associate professor...someone with some credentials or skin in the game.
I hope the instructions were cleary and not too vague that it was open to many interpretation. An example would have helped and the rubrics/criteria for grading should have been shown beforehand so students would be guided what points they would consider when making their piece.
Not all assignments were related to what was covered in the lectures, they were actually quite random. I enjoyed the course but I think I would have learned much more had this not just been about the very basics and discussing film plots! We already know that
I recently completed the 5-course specialization in creative writing.  For the most part the course material presented was good, especially the courses on plot, on setting, and on style.  The course on characterization was a little vague.  From the syllabus, it looked like it would be a good course, but the instructor did not follow the syllabus and was often very unfocussed in her presentation.The weakness with this specialization is that all the feedback to the writer is provided by peers in the course.  This I found very disappointing.  Many of the other students were honestly very poor writers, and as a result, the feedback I received on my assignments was very superficial.  In addition, rather than being able to learn from reading the writing of others, I found for the most part that the pieces submitted by others were very lacking.If you take this course, know that it will provide you some good information about writing fiction, but the feedback you receive on your assignments will not help you learn.  You will need to find another peer group of writers to help you with that.
There is some decent information in the course. The assignments didn't do for me as much as I would have liked. Every single person I peer reviewed (15 people) has English as a second language. I did my best to disregard that, but some of them were so difficult to follow that it was impossible to make heads or tails of their submissions. Also, I would have appreciated some downloadable handouts that covered the main points, rather than having to go back through the videos and finding the information I was looking for.
While it was good to get me writing, I didn't feel like any of the exercises really challenged me to think differently about plot than I already did. They felt a little tacky, 'use these ten words in a story' felt like I was in elementary school again. The one assignment I liked was when we were given a scenario (a poisoning happens halfway through the writing and the main character has to choose between getting what they want and the antidote), I liked that and think those prompts help you really think about plot and how to work with it.
The videos were very entertaining and informative. The assignments gave structure to how one would write with restrictions that no beginner would think of using.The other writers, however, served as a hindrance and a headache with only a few gems in the barrel of word soup. I could feel my craft deteriorating with every jungle of adverbs, sentence fragments and broken English. Most of my peers barely bothered to look at the instructions, and keep their stories under the word limit, forcing me to read several pages of verbal brain drilling. I wasn't too bothered by it, until some delightful GENIUS* decided to make the submission section uncopyable. I could review several works, If there was a possibility to copy the submission to a word processor, segment it and highlight the errors. This saved my energy and sanity.In the end, all I could manage were superficial peer-reviews, where I focused my effort to finding the biggest problem in the student's work and giving criticism on that.Were you afraid that someone might copy and make profit from the <1000 word essays of amateur writers? Talk about professional suicide.*numb-nuts
The videos are quite interesting, though I think they are overly committed to very specific techniques. I did not, however, find the assignments and peer review system very helpful. People had a tendency, particularly on the first assignment, to read in requirements that were not actually stated or written down and failed people accordingly. There also does not seem to be enough people to review all of the assignments, either--perhaps due to the paywall for assignments. The very nature of the peer review system also guarantees you see a real range on the individual criteria you are evaluated on and the depth of the review. This exacerbates the very harsh "0 or 1" point option for all assignments (i.e. either you get a 1 and pass or you get a 0 and fail).Bottom line: I think the course materials are useful and at the very least interesting for developing writers, but I'm not sure it's worth the $79 entry fee to gain access to the peer review, unless you really need or want the course certificate.
The instruction part of it was ok, but the peer review aspect was severely flawed.  Asking us to peer review items with people that are not native speakers and do not have a handle on sentence structure, meaning of words, grammar, etc. was difficult at best.  I am convinced a lot wrote in their native language and then just used a translator software and called it good.  I'm not knocking non-native English speakers taking the class.  It had a lot of good information and they should absolutely benefit from the course.  However, asking native speakers to grade their work is unfair.  Out of the 12 that I was supposed to grade, 10 of them weren't native speakers.  Frustrating ... especially when I had to wait weeks after the course to get my items peer-reviewed and wait to end the course ...
-Made on 10/05/2016-  Low quantity of  information and resources. For the cost , is not even near to other moocs. Block the sending  and sharing of activities, and unable the peer evaluation because of a required payment, really handicap the learning and the quality of the course. If I pay a Mooc, is becouse of a strong quality and substantial learning; this two lacking in this course. I can give you a list of other moocs around this and other subjects (film, writing, mat, entrepreneurship, photography...) for you to make relations and compare structures. Please revise this course, you have nice video edition and the teacher is good, and willing to teach, but the global course is missing several things. I encourage you to take my words.
Overall, I sincerely think this course was useful to me. I did learn, and that is great. I got some good advice from the reviewers. And I appreciated most of the videos, especially the shop talks. But I wish the instructor or his staff were more present in the discussion area, and I would have preferred a better written material. The transcripts are not formatted. They are completely raw and difficult to use.Furthermore, I don't think it is normal that people duly registered to the class have difficulties to get their 3 reviews. Too many people have to ask for it in the forums.In conclusion, a good course with good video material, but a lack of presence and organization.
The lectures are pretty good, and the assignments as outlined in the course are good as well. My criticisms are: 1) No actual interaction with the instructors of course, as suspected of course, I suppose; 2) There don't seem to be enough moderators, because the concerns I've raised in the past (in one of the other courses in the specialization mainly) go unanswered; 3) coursera support are useless for anything nontechnical; 4) Peer review is no enforceable at all, and since (2) and (3) are limited, you're left begging on the discussion forums for more reviews as time passes by, i.e., as you inch closer towards paying for an extra month of the subscription.
Hello. I enrolled in this course with the 7-day free trial. I found the 
lessons interesting and the writing exercises challenging. I did not continue, however, because I don't feel I was learning if I was learning. I liked reading others' work and being able to share an opinion about it, and I enjoyed the peer review feedback. But because there was no feedback from the instructors, I just never knew if I got the lesson right. One more thing, while the peer reviews include a section for comments directly to the writer under review, I never knew how to access them, so all the feedback I got was the short answers to the peer review questions.
The course content I felt could be a little more in-depth. This has just the basics. Also, reference reading matter should be given to understand each of the concepts the course talks about. Of course, the discussion forum is helpful as more matter seems to be available there through links. I particularly liked the assignments and deadlines. It made me follow the requirements and submit them and learn in the process. One cannot procrastinate. The peer assessments were good as well. I'm happy with the constructive feedback I received.
The prof's teaching was good, but zero chance to engage with him or a tutorial assistant. Some of the participating students' education or comprehension levels were not sufficient enough for them to be put in the position of grading other students which a course pass depends on. The format didn't allow for discussion with student graders who were really good, or whose comments were useful and that you might have wanted to actually have communication with, which would have made the course so much more enriching.
This is my first class.  The discussion videos were very interesting.  I did learn the ABCDE process and have found that very useful.  Peer evaluations are very hard.  I'm thinking that the purpose of the peer evaluation is to help the evaluator process the points taught in class.  I do not think there is much help that comes to the writer as a result of these evaluations.  I am hoping that there will be more effective feedback in future classes.
Excellent content with a very close look to structure on writing. The four modules definitely create a new perspective of how to build  a story. Some exercises need more feedback, a conversation with a mentor. This cannot be completed with the current dynamics. How can I know if my concept of scene was fully understood? How can I get more information about the scenes I builded on my homework. Just a space for this will make the course perfect.
I did learn. However, some info could of been better explained. I felt like some videos didn't really further my knowledge. And the lack of communication on the discussions by the professor, was quite unbelievable. More participation by the professor would be appreciated. I do understand there's many people doing this, but if other can, why couldn't he? Maybe have an assistant? Otherwise, like I said, I did learn a lot and I do appreciate it.
The only reason I’m giving this a three is the lack of community in the discussions, but other than that the course was great! Sure the assignments can get weird at times and the word count limit is just a whole other story, but the reviews I got from my peers once I finished them were really helpful! :)Even if you want to just audit the course, go for it, If you’re lucky, some students will give some feedback for you.
This course got better as it went on. The first week, the teacher went through the entire plot of Harry Potter which seemed like a waste of time. The point was made long before the telling of every plot point in Harry Potter was done. I thought, really, I signed up for four months of this? Then the lectures got better, learning the basis outlines and structures of plot is useful. Simple, but useful.
The problem is that the only feedback a student gets is from other students. I only received 1 feedback from the supposedly 3 each week for 4 weeks. I gave 3 stars because the videos are very good and good concepts but I paid far more money than they now charge. So I doubt I will finish the certificate because the final course relies only on student feedback which is non-existent.
Many of the ideas taught in course are useful to consider when writing. It was challenging to write with such a focus on action and plot. Some of the explanations seemed oversimplified (using Harry Potter in numerous examples throughout the course) and some of the assignments were odd (you have to kill-off your protagonist in 2 out of the 4 assignments).
The lectures and prompts were excellent, but I didn't find the peer reviews to provide me any insightful feedback. I got mostly brief answers, and I feel peer reviews are the most advantageous way to grow as a writer. Perhaps add a way to grade peer reviews to ensure the proper effort is given?Also, the mobile app is buggy and really could use an update.
I learnt much but only rated 3 stars  because students are unable to submit their assignments or receive peer group or mentor feedback unless a payment is made.  The previous writing course I completed with Coursera did not have such restrictions - you only had to pay for the certificate if wanted.  However, thank you for free access to the content
It was a fun course in many ways.  The "Lectures" could hardly be called lectures really as they were so short.  But, that said, they were info-packed so very useful.  The size of MOOC's make them particularly fraught:  so many participants come from non-English speaking backgrounds so reviewing other's works was actually very difficult at times.
The course material and videos are very good, however I would prefer that comments about your work be emailed directly to the student so that they are more likely to read them.  I found it to easy to just move on and not really look for the comments on my work.
I found this course quite hard to take to; especially after starting the second one on Character. Saying that though, it is good to learn about different perspectives  and approaches as education whatever form enables us to move forward on our learning path.
I liked the writing exercises, but I felt the videos were a bit simple and Skyhorse was very pleasant but not a great interviewer. It would be nice if the assignment were reviewed by a professor or a TA or something. Peer review was overall NOT helpful.
The course was structured well. It introduced to many things that were probably known to us but not explicit.However, on taking other courses in the series I realized that the instructor is less effective and original than others, especially Amy.
I'd like it if peers can give more elaborated reviews. It seems like they just want to finish the mandatory 3 reviews just to get points. Most of the reviews I received are nothing more than 'Yes. No. I agree with the author.' No elaborations.
I enjoyed the course and found it useful.  The majority of the students don't seem to speak good english.  That isn't a problem for their writing, but I feel like they have a hard time usefully evaluating my work due to the language barrier.
I got the most out of listening to the modules.  I wish that there was some feedback from the instructor on the writing assignments.  Everything is peer-reviewed only, and the quality of the feedback is quite poor.
The course was a good motivator to start writing and keep writing every week. The lectures were short and generic. Nothing other than the very basics. The peer review system works okay but it certainly isn't great.
I understand the importance of reviewing other classmates work however with the time constraints of today's world, I believe it takes away from precious time that could be spent developing the craft of writing .
I was hoping the lectures would be more dense. My previous coursera courses where on data science, machine learning, etc. I somewhat feel that the content on those courses is twice or thrice more.
Some of the instructions didn't seem to match the assignment and I think a lot of learners were confused. Needs more moderation. I did learn and found the challenges in the course useful.
the grading system could improve star selection process such as grammar; clarity; congruency; originality; captivation may broaden the critque of the story
Materials were engaging. Some assignment direction was a little vague. Some professional interaction or review would help to supplement the peer review.
What's most beneficial about this course are the assignments rather than the videos. I do wish though we got some feedback from the instructor himself.
Someone needs to review/proofread the final part and assignment. Many students were/are confused about the final assignment. Revise the video too.
Too many interviews without delving into the core of the subject. There were some good tips but left feeling disappointed.
The course is nice and informative. Unfortunately one can not do any of the pear rated assignments or pear reviews.
Good morning. How can I unenroll? It is not what I expected. Thank you.
it would have been great if the final assignment had been grade
it seems good and hopefully will be valuable in my context
So overly simple with a lack of details in the steps.
I feel we need professional assignment reviews.
Nice, informative, but basic and short.
I liked the way Mr. Skyhorse explains the secrets to construct a great plot. It was excellent in every sense of the word. However, my only complain of this course it's that you can't report those "funny" peers that write "reviews" like this one:"    '        "It's so unfair that some of us, the real students, took our time to write detailed reviews about every peer assignment AND expected at least WORDS as reviews. You need to implement some kind of report system to ban those "funny" peers that only check your work to put the point and to get their course done. And to start that "system" I will tell you that:SHOKRY MOHAMED FATHALLAH EL SAYAR That guy, gave me reviews as I described before. Not only in this course, but in The Craft of Character. So PLEASE, someone needs to make justice and punish this guy.  I can even send you captions of his "reviews."
After completing this course successfully I still don't really understand what a rising action is exactly and the phrase "your story must include at least ten sentences of rising action" in the final task made almost no sense to me. I understand that peer review is used as a from of assessment for convenience in this course but judging from the reviews I gave myself and the reviews I received, its not very informative for the learner. I like the practice because it made me think about how other people interpret the information in this course, but I really wish some more expert form of assessment could be provided and possibly shorter simpler more targeted exercises throughout the four weeks.
I found the course helpful. I would have loved feedback from the instructor in addition to peer reviews.
The instructional materials are excellent.  The exercises are fun but less useful than they might be.   I didn't get much out of writing about the desire for a physical object (how many real stories are there about this silly subject?) or a trip to the doctor's office.  These exercises  taught and reinforced the course's points about narrative structure, but they didn't help me invent a strong plot: one in which an interesting character has an interesting desire and faces interesting obstacles, with interesting actions leading to an interesting climax or anticlimax. Nor do the instructional materials focus on such issues.  After giving some very good but brief advice about the basis of plot, they move on to other matters: narrative structure, show vs. tell, the elements of a good scene, how to edit a finished work--all worthwhile, but peripheral to the stated theme of plot.  (Maybe the course title should be changed to "Introduction to fiction writing."  That's really what you're doing here.)  The last exercise--write a 1000 word story which embodies everything we've taught you--is quite appropriate, but the three previous ones don't prepare you very well to do it.
I enjoyed this course very much. The professor's lectures were easily understood and followed, and the guest speakers made each module much more clear. My only problems with the course were actually not with the course itself, but rather with the way the course is presented. Some things have been changed since the last time I took a Coursera course, namely the discussion forums, and personally I don't like the change. (Maintaining the same discussion forum, rather than having a new one for each successive group of learners. ) Learners are already being presented with a lot of information which, in some cases, can be difficult to grasp, and now they are also being asked to search through the forums to find someone they can ask for help, who may or may not still be around. Between that and trying to figure out where/who to ask for reviews so that you can get a grade for your work, it's a bit frustrating, All in all though, it's a good course.
Great course with clear instructions mostly by watching a video (with text). I truly enjoyed this course and how thorough it was. I especially like the structure of the video--introduction, example, and interview with a novelist. Contrary to the course description, it's not meant for non-fiction writers. It's meant exclusively for aspiring novelists. I would recommend this course if you are a beginner. Intermediate or advanced students would find this too basic. It's beneficial mostly if you want to earn a certificate and mention it on your resume. If you're looking for a comprehensive course, I would look elsewhere because the course only touches the surface. Workshopping lacked constructive input from peers so if you're looking for peers to review your work, don't count on it. Teachers don't critique your work either. But, overall, course is well made, clear and a great boost for aspiring writers (beginner stage, though).
I learned a lot about the basics of creative writing through this course. If you're thinking of writing, but you're not sure where to start, or if you have been writing a while but need more direction, this is a great course to take. The instructor, Brandon, explains the concepts in a way that's easy to understand and uses examples from common literary works. My only problem with the course is the peer review system. It's a great opportunity to reflect on your own writing while reviewing others' work, however I feel that not many people took advantage of this opportunity. I've had some good feedback, some not so helpful, and some people who just put a single letter "z" in the feedback answer boxes just to get through the peer review section. Maybe implementing a minimum word count for the peer review would help.
Brando's guidance through the course was insightful and easy to digest, and the module assignments were enjoyable. Some of the 'Shop Talk' videos felt a little unstructured and it wasn't always evident just what they added to the learning experience -- other than reinforcing the topics described in the direct teaching segments.The primary challenge with this course is the feedback system. Even though the approach to feedback is detailed in a standalone video, the substance of each review varies from one-word answers that offer zero tangible feedback, to detailed responses with a clear understanding of the course material. This is ultimately a critique of the Coursera platform, however as peer feedback is a vital part of this course, more emphasis could be made on the value of offering a substantive review.
This "Craft of Plot" class--taught by Mr. Skyhorse--covers the ABDCE method, the 21 point checklist, etc. Stories written in this class must have dialogue, at least ten points of rising action, and must begin with an action sequence. No, this is not an "organic" story writing method. This class teaches students how to use formulaic writing to artificially engineer stories efficiently and effectively. I was very disappointed with this class. I enjoy reading literary fiction, especially stories in The New Yorker. So it is no surprise that I was appalled by Mr. Skyhorse's strong focus on, and praise of, the Harry Potter book series. If you plan on writing formulaic genre fiction, then perhaps this class is for you. Even though I disliked the class, I must admit it was well taught, hence the 4/5 star review.
The video lectures are very nicely done. They outline the basics of how a story line (Plot!) should be, how the characters should be developed and how scenes should be depicted.The tips given are practical and clearly defined - even for noobsThe course motivated me to write, to refine my thoughts while writing and since there was always pressure of peers reviewing my work - I always revised what I wrote. I discovered that revision helps immensely, and I found I could express the same things in better ways and using lesser wordsSome students did have difficulties in understanding assignments - something that can get better with time. Also, I felt some learners received the brunt of bad grading since the grading guidelines weren't clear. Shaving off 1 star due to that
I would have given this course 5 stars except for the grading. The only reviewers of your work are fellow students. Some of them do a good job telling you what they liked about the writing and some do not just answering "yes or no" to questions asked. It would be nice if a TA or other students actually in the writing courses at Wesleyan read your work. I have learned a lot and I have liked the assignments but that is where the value has stopped. I know there are too many students for the faculty to grade or even read our work but it would be much more valuable if we really knew how we are doing. The discussion board is sporadically attended and really of no value. Feedback is important in writing and this is the part of these courses that is missing.
Good class, good lectures. The plot devices taught are very specific, but helpful for beginning writers for whom conflict, and movement are not easy. I'm a beginning writer and I struggle with finishing a story because at some point I just think, well now what? what's supposed to happen? The class helps you push the characters into conflict, and make choices, which is the heart of a good story. My only complaint - the assignments were so structured that they were tedious. the peer reviews in this class were also painful. Reading other people's work, I felt like perhaps we needed less structure and more space to practice simpler techniques. But overall, i'm using what I've learned in my writing, and its definitely helped!
The first 3 weeks of lectures were really useful for starting off the writing process with focus-very clear material with very clear instructions.  The remaining lectures flagged a bit--too many guests made it distracting.  I think it would have been more useful to keep reinforcing the Rising Action-Scene structure and ABDCE structure with more solid examples. I did like the questions posed for reviewing other writers works, it made the review very constructive. However, it was also evident that some students were not following directions for the assignment and submitting "something" in the hopes of scoring a 1. How does Wesleyan university maintain a standard for submission?
I really enjoyed this course. Brando Skyhorse is an excellent teacher and provided a lot of practical advice on how I can improve my writing. The writing exercises/prompts were also very insightful and made for good practice. The only aspect I found lacking was the peer reviews on the exercises, which is no fault of this course's creators. I received several one-word responses in the feedback section which benefits no one. If you're going to take this course and expect others to read and analyze your work, please return the favor! So just a caveat, you may not receive any (useful) feedback on your work but you will be provided with helpful materials in the course itself.
The course work is easy to follow, full of great information and very clear. The only thing I find inconsistent is the reviewing of others work. It seems no-one ever gets reviewed by the same person twice, which means the standard of reviews is varied and inconsistent. Also, many people may not be/feel qualified enough to review or feel bad about failing someone so wont. There can be a great deal learned by having mentors or qualified teachers review the work. Given that, I have learned a great deal in this course and understand, and think it's one of the best online courses I've seen. I also understand you get out what you put in.  Thanks for the opportunity.
I learned so much through this course! And am excited to be moving on to the next one.   Take the time to really absorb what you are being taught.  Make sure to watch the author "Spotlight" videos - so many good lessons are in them.  The reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the Peer Review system and the forums in general. Both systems need work and the forums need a moderator.  Sometimes feedback consists of "good", or "k" and as a writer, how am I supposed to use that kind of critique to improve my writing?  Forums are rampant with "REVIEW MY STORY!!!" and very little actual discussion about what we learned that week which was disappointing.
I enjoyed this course. Brando's videos were great, I took lots of notes and used them to help complete the assignments. Over the years I've picked up books on the craft of writing but I find the motivation of deadlines to be a big help in actually creating a writing practice. The videos are short- the time commitment is really not bad. Reader feedback can be more or less involved, I did find a pretty good mix. It'd be nice if you could keep pace with the same group of students but people are entering at different times within a range so you can't keep up with individuals unless you want to spend a lot of time tracking them down.
Lots of great information. Most helpful for me was the story structure. My whole life I've been taught the same structure, either the 3-Act Hollywood Standard as told by Blake Snyder and Vikki King, or Chris Vogler's The Mythic Structure. It was nice to have a new approach. My only disappointment is that many genres, although follow a similar story structure, each genre has genre-specific elements. I was hoping that I'd learn the particularities of horror, mystery, comedy, and others. There doesn't seem to be much genre-specific information available online, except fantasy and erotica.
I enjoyed this course. Brando did a good job in breaking down the 
important aspects of plot and providing examples. I liked that lessons 
were concise. Each one contained roughly three videos, most less than 10 
minutes. I thought this was very beginner friendly. I found Feyman's pyramid and Alice Adam's ABDCE of plot structure particularly useful and I especially enjoyed the Shop Talk videos where fellow writers discussed their approach to writing. I only 
audited this course, but it bugged me that my board kept displaying overdue assignments when that feature was locked.
I finished this course in a single day in roughly about 8 hours, including taking notes and doing writing assignments. The material is quite good, more geared towards the beginner to the concepts of Plot. But, in my favorite parts - the interviews with Amity Gaige and Amy Bloom, I discovered new sides and tones to Character and Setting. And, they now compel me towards doing the rest of the courses in this specialization.I really wish I could submit my assignments even without the ​certificate version of the course. Thank you Mr. Skyhorse and the Coursera team. :)
This is a fantastic course especially when it comes to learning regarding the technicalities of plot and how to structure your plot in various ways. The best part of the course is it dares you to change your narrative style from passive to active, which could be quite difficult but is a great experience. The course is intriguing and instructions are clear with amazing examples. Not only did I learn to structure my plot and my story coherently, this course enabled me to acquire a deeper understanding of various texts that I read, which is fantastic!
The course contains valuable essential information, clearly delivered.   I appreciated having regular assignments and deadlines.   I would have preferred that my work was reviewed by mentors, and not by peers.   As students, we are all trying to learn as we go; and I could have benefited from more experienced guidance.    I also wish there was a direct way to ask for content clarification, rather than the Discussion section.   Perhaps there was, and I just didn't see it.   Over all, the course was absolutely worth my time and I would recommend it.
This is a very well crafted course! I enjoyed it a lot and now I'm more excited to keep going with the specialization. Also, Brando Skyhorse is such a nice teacher!As other people have reviewed, I did miss professional feedback. I mean, I really enjoyed all the tips my peers gave me and I'm really grateful for them. However, professional feedback would be so helpful.In summary, this course has helped me a lot to start developing the habit of writing and writing every draft better. Thank you so much for everyone involved in this amazing course! ;)
This
course is great for everyone interested in working on their writing skills,
whether you're a beginner or more experienced. As a novice writer I learned
about several useful tools that will help me improve my writing, got a lot more
practice, and having a schedule helped me improve my daily routine for writing.
For me the most valuable part was getting feedback and learning through analysing
other people’s work. Oh, and just because the description says 1-2 hours of
work per week doesn't mean you can't do a lot more!
The exercises are good, and the material is clear.  I really like that the students have to review each other's work.  I found the feedback helpful, and I found reading other people's work helpful too.  I really would like a teacher to grade me as well though.  There were a couple of times that I wasn't certain that I fully understood what I was doing, so to have me grade someone else left me feeling unguided and unqualified to assign a grade.  I believe I got feedback saying just that at least once.
Pretty good class; good information. The classmates are engaged and have good feedback to give. I'm frustrated at the lack of instructor (or even staff presence) until at least week 3, when finally a staff member answered *one* of the many student questions that have been piling up.Students are a great resource for critiquing work, but we can't help each other with technical questions, or with assignment clarifications. So there *definitely* needs to be staff on hand for that.
Brando did a great job in presenting a structure for plot. I think his insights are valuable and he did tried to offer practical guidelines writers can use. What I didn't like was the reviewing of the assignments. Some times I didn't receive valuable feedback ( the same sentence copy/pasted in every section) and someone failed me for not understanding my intentions because he was not an English speaker.Away from that, I really liked Brando, his style, and his involvement.
The course itself has been really useful, although I'm not sure it has taught me much that is truly new. What It has done, though, is to fill in gaps, and to give me a big helping hand into understanding how to tackle what to write about. Beforehand, I suffered somewhat from blank canvas syndrome, but this course has given me ideas to get past that. The Coursera site and app could still do with some work, since collaboration with other students is not as easy as it could
This was a very good course, but I struggled with it initially, as I felt I had somehow fallen into the deep end of the pool... and had a bit of trouble wrapping my head around some concepts.This was my own experience of it, but I wonder if students could somehow be 'eased' into it a bit, with more basic concepts, and take off from there.This is another course that I feel could extend to 6 weeks, or even 5.The instructor was very good and passionate about his subject.
I enjoyed this course and think the material and exercises helped me get going writing for the topic at hand. I think however, I'd like to get more valuable feedback sometimes. I don't think we have any control over it, but it felt that sometimes the peer feedback was just a one word answer. For example, when asked if a submission included "this" or "to identify pieces of the story", I felt most of the answers I saw were "yes". I'd like to get more helpful feedback.
The content of the course is very useful and delivered in a structured and effective way. I enjoyed the writing assignments and feedback opportunities. My only complaint is that there are a great number of people auditing the course and we had to create our own google community to share and get feedback as the assignments and feedback sections of the course are locked for all of the non-paying students. Other than that is was very enjoyable and informative.
The course was really helpful and cleared a lot of things for me, answered numerous questions I had had about the writing process. Additionally, it gave me lots of useful tips and tools to use in difficult situations. The downside is the people who are supposed to give you feedback and do not really feel like it so they just leave the spaces for feedback with a letter or just give very short replies (some of the peers are very helpful though).
I thought this course was excellent, it offered a lot of concrete ways to improve writing. I always like courses that can take abstract concepts especially in writing and break it down into lists and steps. I do wish that at least one of the assignments could be reviewed by the actual professor for feedback, rather than just peers. Some of the peer comments were very helpful, but others were just basic one word answers that didn't really help.
The only reason I don't give it a 5-star rating is that I would like some kind of interaction with the mentor-professor of the course. Besides, there were a lot of foul play scenarios when expecting a review of my assignments: often received answers from students stating that they had reviewed my assignments but they actually didn't, tricking you into believing you were one step closer to achieve revisions, other than that, I love the course
While this course was interesting, it seemed very light. There was only about 10 or so minutes of 'content' a week, plus some interviews (which were very interesting, but didn't feel as though they taught too much). The assignments were all good except for the third one about the physical object. It was a weird prompt and not in a good way.I would recommend this course, but I'd also love to see it expanded a bit.
Get back to the basics with this course!  An excellent foundation and a good reminder of what may have been learned in school many years ago.  The work is only peer reviewed, so the feedback was hit and miss.  Some of the co-learners lacked basic English language skills, so reading the material and feedback submitted was a bit more challenging. Overall, if you are looking to hone up your skills, take this class!
This course was good for giving me ideas about how to write and develop a plot for writing.  It was also good for connecting me with people who could read my writing and give feedback.  I'm not sure that should be considered an actual full college course, but it was definitely helpful.  I have more confidence now and I am currently taking the second course in the Creative Writing specialization.
It is well structured course, and allows students to have better understanding of the core concepts that play out in writing. Moreover, this course would be more helpful if they provide feedback tailored to each student's essay. While having students asses each other helps improve their writing style, the personal feedback from a professional can highlight points that other may have overlooked.
Great lectures; excellent springboard for crafting scenes and plots. Good practice with the concept of "show, don't tell." Peer review is a great way to keep cost down, but can be difficult because it's possible to finish the course so quickly. In the last two weeks it was difficult to find a peer reviewer and it seemed like many of the more skilled writers in the class had already moved on.
The course helped me learn to apply some structure to my writing, which I felt I was lacking before. However, the motivation behind the rules that were set down in the lectures and assignments were not made clear, in my opinion. I would love to see more bad examples showcased, for instance, where the writer has flouted some/all rules of writing a good plot, and how it affects the reader.
This course was great, the coursework and professor included. The only thing that cost this course one start from me was that the peers are mostly not qualified for this type of work, and considering this is a peer graded course, if there are errors in your writing, maybe you should take a course on English grammar and vocabulary rather than an advanced creative writing specialization.
As a new creative writer, I learned several new things and appreciated the clarity of the videos.  However, I was disappointed that there was no instructor interaction.  I understand these are enormous classes and perhaps I was expecting too much as this is my first experience with this type of course.  Feedback from other writers was usually spot on and better as the class progressed.
The Course material was really good and also the instructor. What was also excellent was the examples used throughout the course to make the student understand the material. Excellent course. I am giving four starts because, there needs to be a slight change in the review system as not all peers give out reviews properly and if that problem is fixed somehow, it will be a great course.
This course should be taken by everyone to flex their creative muscles, because the inspiration to write may strike anytime, but not being able to transcribe those thoughts will wreak havoc in your psyche. This course has a lot of good discussions with a lot of pointers to improve one's current writing pattern, no matter the level. Thanks Brando!It was pleasure auditing this course.
A good introductory course designed to be effective for people of a basic background and beginning skill level. As a course from Wesleyan I was hoping for something a little more robust or actually at a college-level, so I was a little disappointed at how rudimentary this course was. Still, I did learn some new things about plot and would recommend for the new or beginning writer.
I very much enjoyed the guidance and video direction.  However, I am not comfortable evaluating other writers, and I would like direct feedback from the instructor.  Still, this exercise was much more valuable that the local writing conference I attended which was more trade show than collaborative experience.  I will continue with this model for the rest of the program.
It's definitely a course that will give you a general idea and structure of several elements you include on your writing daily, but perhaps don't even notice. It's for sure helped me get a better grip on the base of plotting and organizing ideas. All in all, a fun, easy course to try if you're looking to better your writing and complement your technique with new methods!
I really enjoyed the taped lectures and thought the assignments paired nicely. I'd like if Coursera set up a interactive element to the online learning environment such as a live chat with the instructor once a week and perhaps a live forum area with a set meeting time for the students. I've taken other online classes that have had these and found them extremely useful.
The course is great, I've been meaning to learn how to write for ages and it's so easy with this course. Love the assignments and feel like it really pushes me to keep up the skills learned. The only thing I would wish for is comments from the organisers or even that we could see what was said about our texts as it's really hard to improve without proper feedback.
I think Skyhorse was very good.  His instructions are clear.  A little too heavy on Harry Potter references. The theory on the 5 act helped frame the work.  This class inspired me to take all 5 courses.  I wish is passion for writing would come thru a little stronger.  It would also be nice to have more instructor feedback vs peer reviews.
I learned a few things that I will definitely be using. The course was easy to follow and entertaining. The knowledge won't turn you into a great writer overnight but it is a good foundation. The requirements of the assignments were at times unclear but the process of reviewing your peers teaches the learner a lot. Good course.
I'd rate any course as 4+, at the end of which I can learn something tangible. This course introduced me to basic structure of story telling. The assignment was fun and the explanation was simple enough. The best part was that the author explained concepts using Harry Potter and not some arcane book that I might not have read.
This is a very good course, but I would have expected transcripts of the talks as well. I have done a few coursera courses and the supplementary materials here are minimal. Also, in the week 4, it is confusing to have the video transcript in the assigment section - very unclear whether that's a part of the assigment or not.
Such a delightful course.  My only regret is that I wish teachers reviewed your work for the $49 monthly subscription.  At least one teacher reviewing the work would make this a top notch effort to educate those that cannot afford the ever rising costs of top notch (or even mediocre) post-high school education.
The device of giving feedback has to simplistic, given the scope of the audience, but it's difficult to get any real value from it as far as future revisions.  There should be a free write section that's required for someone to respond to the story organically as well as the specific, "Did the writer do this?"
I learnt invaluable things in this course. I never knew of the Freytag's pyramid or the 21 point act structure etc and little by little, after doing the exercises, I feel I have learnt to edit my manuscript well enough. That has been my achievement as a learner of this course. Thanks a lot for the course. :)
As the first class that I've done on Coursera, I really enjoyed the online videos and assignments.  The only issue is that I would've like to have had a real professor read my work.  Though I see the value (and logistical ease) of peer reviewers I didn't get credit sometimes and I didn't think it was fair.
The course has very focused elements of structure and helps the student to learn how to use different elements to understand and evaluate her own story structure. For me, this made it much easier to understand some reasons why a story might not work or how it could be edited to good effect. I enjoyed it.
A great well detailed course with interesting assignments. It really got me writing, gave me constructive feedback and confidence in my writing style. The technicalities involved in creative writing were nicely explained in a fun way. Heartfelt thanks to the instructor and all the guest authors.
The course was great, learned a lot and enjoyed the assignments.From the reviews it seemed that some of my peers understood certain terms differently. I am pretty certain the way I understood things were correct and also think my peers feel the same way.  That's the only drawback I experienced.
It filled in a few of the blanks that I felt I was missing. I was able to collect resourceful notes to help throughout writing my first epic urban fantasy fiction novel book series and I recommend this course to anyone that wants to learn just a bit more about Plotting in Creative Writing.
I learned quite a bit, as this is my first creative writing course.   I was able to get some hands on practice and peer feedback...4 only though because i found some of the peer reviews to be lacking (one word, no feedback)  the course should have some sort of panel to rate these as well
It's good, one understands how should a story start and progress to make a reader indulge and enjoy the reading. The structures and advices drastically improves one's writing abilities, in fact your change in the way you write can be noticed between your first and last assignment.
Excellent content and course design. Mr Skyhorse material and his personal touch make it  informative and throughly enjoying to have this very first incursion  in the writing world.The several technical issues with the app subtract a star from the otherwise excellent course
The course instruction was superb. Assignments really helped us push our limits. The only complain I have is the discussion forum. It hardly offered any good discussion. All were about assignment reviews. The Week 4 assignment reviews+submissions were the best ones.
Gives an idea of structure.Assignments provide challenging and restrictive setups that compel creative forces to find their rhythm in all scenarios.Feedback is really morale boosting as well as useful critique, some angles come up that the author never looked into.
I really liked the writing exercises...they were a good challenge and the peer review was a great feature....I didn't find the videos extremely helpful though.  There were a couple good ideas in them, but overall not too interesting for an experienced writer.
A good introductory course to the craft of plot. Covers the basics, though I would appreciate some more complex assignments. Perhaps offer some more advanced course in the future? Maybe an advanced fiction specialization? Either way, good introductory course.
I really enjoyed this course. It re-freshed a lot of my knowledge on the writing process/vocabulary while challenging me to write in a new way. Sharing my writing with peers and learning to give thoughtful, helpful feedback was also a great learning tool!
Interviews were well done.   Reviewing the work of other students was marginally useful.  Many students would have benefited from grammar and spelling check as mistakes in those elements were distracting.  This might be that English is a second language.
I loved the course as it got me back to writing with agenda and a goal. the words limit was a good challenge and the time to fit in the deadline were a bit difficult as I work full time on demanding job.. but i truly enjoyed the course and the lectures
This is a well-structured and engaging set of videos and writing exercises that serves as a great introduction to the basic practice of writing fiction. The assignments were challenging but fun and increased my confidence in being able to write.
This course has been really helpful in thinking about the way I shape my stories and my narratives. Easy to follow lectures and relevant assignments, it is definitely a useful tool for those of us who are looking to improve our writing skills.
Good course, I enjoyed it.  Would have liked to have seen more reading with the class that illustrated more of the concepts.  Also, the concept of "rising action" was not sufficiently explained and one of the assignments was a little lame.
It's a good course. The explanations of plot and scene have made me understand for the first time what writing fiction is all about, and for the first time I was bale to write fiction that is better than anything I had ever written before.
This was a decent class. There was a lot of interviews with other writers which I felt took up a lot of the class and was a little unhelpful. But it was a pretty decent class. I learned from it the sequence of what belongs in a scene.
I really enjoyed the course and it was really helpful to learn the basics of plot. I especially liked all the assignments. One thing that I would like to suggest is that maybe one final assignment should be graded by an instructor.
I really do love this course, it has taught me so many different things about writing. Being able to understand certain things from the point of view of an actual real-time author has helped me grow as an amateur writer.
Very useful. Very simple, with a very warm atmosphere throughout the sessions videos, and the way of grading, and it gives a great importance for sharing grades, stories and ideas which is very nice. I really enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it very much. Having tried my hand at writing, this was very helpful to see my mistakes and where I needed to pay more attention to my own writing. And SHOW! don't tell. OMGoodness, makes such a difference.
I have enjoyed the course and liked the weekly flow of assignments. i have also enjoyed the tasks each session. i would have liked to receive at least one or maybe two professional reviews, instead of just peers.
I think I miss somehow contact with teachers, maybe because I have the sensation some of my peers live in a different galaxy.  Maybe it would be a good thing to scale the reviews. But anyhow, an excellent course.
This course was amazing and the professor gave us the necessary information required to write our stories. Also all the GUEST writers who shared their experiences and opinions with us gave us a stepping stone.
A good enough guide for lower-level writers, but all of the information can be found for free by listening to the Writing Excuses podcast. The real value is the crash course in peer review and receiving it.
I really enjoyed the course and felt I learned a lot. However, the reviews often were not helpful or very well thought out. I would be nice if there was some type of review from a professor or professional.
many new ideas but with a limited scope. it is an interesting course where one can learn the basics well. I feel it can be stretched a bit more with a couple of more exercises and submissions as an option.
The course modules are helpful and easy to follow. I wish to give it 5 stars but because we, students, failed to experience the professor's feedback even in some of our thread, I think 4 stars are enough.
I loved doing the course, and especially while doing each assignment of writing a story. The short guiding videos were to the point and interviews with personalities was engaging, Thanks for the course!!
Extremely innovative exercises and guidelines. Really opens one s brain to think creatively. The intructions for assignments need a bit more clarification.A worthy ue of hard earned money.Thanks Coursera
Love the clear direct explanations.  Would have enjoyed more examples, more robust practice examples and a longer class overall, to l earn more plotting, but love the prof.  Brandon knows how to teach!!
Great intro course. Picked up a lot of things an excited to learn more. Only thing is that Brando Skyhorse takes things a bit too methodically for my taste. Good guidelines but would like more freedom.
I really enjoyed the course. I was hoping for some direct teacher contact with the assignments. Peer reviews are great, but it would be nice to get feedback for major assignments from the instructors.
This course really allowed me to grow as a writer. The content was adjustable for a range of levels and the assignments challenged participants to put into practice that week's lectures. Thank you.
First of all, I would like to thank Mr. Brando Skyhorse for bringing this electric course for aspiring writers. Next to all peers. Meticulously, It is a well organised one. Highly recommended.
I enjoyed the lectures, but it can be challenging to peer-review others and to be peer-reviewed when there is such a huge range in terms of writing skill and/or English fluency in the class.
It was rather good.Delivered a lot of information on how to construct a plot, and some good basics on how to build a character.Learning about the ABDCE structure in particular was helpful.
The content of the course is very informative; however, the reviews from peers were, at times, unhelpful. For example, I was told by one reviewer that he/she liked that I used paragraphs.
I learned a lot about doing it the better way, than I did. What would have been cool: The essential graphics from the videos and some school material to print out and work with it.  THX!
A very good course on Plot by Brandon Skyhorse. Would have loved to go in more details into scene construction and structure. That is why gave it 4 stars, else it was a clear cut 5 star
A great, easy-to-follow course that will suit anyone with a tight schedule. Navigating the website wasn't always straight-forward but I found all the information I needed in the end,
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I would highly recommend it to new writers, old authors, editors, and anyone interested in stories. It was a great recap and refreshed the basics.
Before the course had teachers to evaluate and give counsel to the pupils. Perhaps that should be brought back. Still I see a useful point in making us review our peer's work
Superb instruction with people who know their craft. My only reservation is this is strict "Peer Reviewed" and I would have appreciated my work evaluated by an instructor.
Felt the student feedback was a little cursory and the lectures were a little too much watch and learn.  But the content was wonderful and the professors were thoughtful.
I have been writing since I was twelve, and this is the first time I've been able to clearly see what I need to do with my plots.  This is good for writers at any stage.
It makes you write a lot and that's the most important thing. However, there are some small inconsistencies in the materials, so additional reading might be recommended.
Very good introduction class and i really learned a thing or two: particularly about the ABDCE structure and the guidance around always starting a scene with an action.
Great fun, with excellent and interesting video tutorials. I found the course to challenge me far more than I thought it would. It was a really rewarding experience.
Great course for establishing the common structure for fictional storytelling. Would recommend for the aspiring writer, or someone looking to sharpen their skills.
I really would have liked some professional feedback. Sometimes the word count inhibited creativity, but most times, I managed to get the absolutely necessary in.
Very to the point and useful as a short starter set to plot. It was well presented and pleasant to listen through, with practical examples and interesting guests.
The instructor has done a good job with the structure and assignments for this course. He explains the course and the assignments very well. I enjoyed the course.
I think the scene vs plot vs story could be clearer. Each module described a plot or a scene but the assignment asked us to write a story.  A little confusing.
Thank you for giving me some concrete guidelines. I enjoyed following along without doing the assignments. Grateful to be able to be a part of the learning.
I do wish the instructor had gone into a little more detail about creating a full plot.  Maybe offered some ideas on tools to help with development.
I found the lectures to be useful. However, the assignments were not always clearly communicated, and the peer feedback was inconsistent at times.
The course is a good introduction to creative writing. I found it useful and well strucutred, but I have to say to me it was a little too short.
Excellent course. I would have liked to have an assignment to write a longer story using all the course lessons. A full story with each scene.
Good course. Got chance to read some interesting stories while reviewing peers. Discovered what I was doing wrong while writing stories.
Easy to follow and exercises were helpful to better understand the classes and to motivate towards more interesting writting. Thanks!
It was a good learning method and I appreciate the lessons and the invited speakers that share so greatly from their experience.
This is giving me a methodology and moved me more towards enriching my characters and showing the story as opposed to telling it
I enjoyed the structured assignments that provided prompts and especially liked the guests who joined the course along the way.
The course instruction helped me develop my story more clearly. I do wish that there was some review other than just by peers.
Pretty good course, learned a lot and honed my skills as a writer. Really enjoyed the lessons and would love to learn more.
Clear and concise. Instructional. The only thing that I hope is to get more examples from the course except explanations.
I liked the ABDCE formula. It directed my thoughts and ultimately enabled my story to take a more satisfying direction.
The content is interesting, but not rich enough for a course. I finished all the videos and assignments in only 2 days.
highly inspirational, clear, to the point. just sorry that assignments are only for fully registered course followers
I would have preferred to also get feedback from the course instructor. The peer reviews were sometimes wanting.
Brando was excellent in specifying the methodological way of writing stories. Thanks for the 21 point checklist!
Short, pithy descriptions; to the point advice/ suggestions with leeway to alter the structure. Worth the time.
Very good information, exercises and guests! It was a challenging but very good course for beginning writers.
Very interesting and enjoyable. Perhaps a little shorter than I expected, although I only audited the course.
This is a really good course! It only took me a few days and now I can write great scenes with good detail!
it's  a very good and knowledgeable course especially for the one who want to make their career in writing
Content of course is great, but it needs som fixes in the assessment routines to function better.
Useful and tangible knowledge delivered succinctly. Writing prompts a bit rigid and specific.
It was very helpful, could improve my writing skills and understand more about story writing
Good for beginners to understand how to write and even how to read any fictional writings.
Simple, great start, could have been a little more profound though. Great start, no doubt.
Good exercises. Good, interesting, helpful teacher.  short lessons.  concrete instructions
The course is good, specially the assignments, although it's not deep enough for 5 stars.
I enjoyed the course which was well presented and I feel I have learnt much from it.
The course was awesome, but please add more professional example in week 3 (Scene)
As a beginning and inspiring writer, this course is a fundamental stepping stone.
Very helpful tips with structure. The lectures were fun and easy to follow.
A short but helpful look at writing plot led by an enthusiastic coach.
A little bit too technical in my opinion, but it gets the job done.
I have thoroughly enjoyed the course. I have cashed in on it a lot.
It really helped me in learning the process of writing something.
It was fun and a good way to keep me busy when 7th grade couldn't
Helpful, concise and well developed. Would definitely recommend.
One of the best course among the others in this specialization.
Great opening course! Definitely will need to complete them all
Brando Skyhorse is a wonderful teacher and i love his course
It helped me polish my creativity in a professional manner
it really helpful for those who had the urge of writing
A great introduction to the world of creative writing.
Fast and informative. Great feedback from classmates.
Good review of plot development and creative writing.
A wonderful course with a wonderful community!
A good simple course taught me about writing.
Great course, with a great instructor.
very clear helps a lot for a beginner
Full of helpful tips and suggestions.
Great exercises and I learned a lot.
Really enjoying this course so far.
I learn a lot about this course
Its a wonderful course.
Very engaging course
good to know
The course was informative on how to build, structure and develop the plot of our own stories. It was also very helpful in guiding us through the editing process. A useful course for aspiring writers.
This course got me off on the right foot in writing. It gives specific structure on elements of a good plot. There is no failing, just constructive review of your work by your peers. Very good course
Great information about plot and scene structure. The information about revision was entirely new to me - thank you! The exercises were good and difficult in a good way that helped me hone my writing.Felt very much like an exercise in writing-by-numbers. Assignment instructions were too vague and the pass/fail grading system meant lots of classmates were upset that their work was not appreciated or understood. So many people on the course do not have English as a first language that the marking is often erratic. Great that non-native speakers are trying to write in English, enriching the canon, but in those circumstances a pass/fail system seems misguided.
Great course for beginners.  I must admit I was not sold at first with the peer graded review but seeing how seriously the great majority of students take the feedback portion of the course, I couldn't help but feel more motivated.  I have learned to structure my ideas and tell a story properly using the least amount of words while keeping my readers interested.  Highly recommendable for beginners.
Great information about plot and scene structure.  The information about revision was entirely new to me - thank you!  The exercises were good and difficult in a good way that helped me hone my writing.
Great course to take as the first step in the sequence of the "Creative Writing" certification.  Exercises are fun, professor provides useful methodology, load is manageable for someone with a day job.
Signed up for Creative Writing: The Craft of Plot on a whim, not knowing the Coursera Platform or much about The
Wesleyan Creative Writing Certificate Track.I was ever in for a TREAT! This has become the first
step forward in my professional writing career. During the first course, I
finished a 25-page Fan fiction manuscript. Quick disclaimer, I came with 3 of 7
chapters to the class. But used the four-module assignments to write
and perfect the next 4 chapters of my Superman Fan Fiction story. I’m elated
with what I have now.I have decided to continue the track
and I enjoy give peer reviews so I’m looking into creating a Coursera Account
to apply to become a Coursera Mentor in an upcoming course.Brando Skyhorse is absolutely
wonderful to learn from and his lectures are all logical and easy to follow. You get
what you put into this. Go ahead and apply yourself! And do the entire track!
I thought this course was very good in breaking down the basics. I learned a lot of helpful information. I highly recommend it, especially for those new to the writing craft.As a suggestion, it would have been helpful to know all assignments are peer reviewed. Meaning you are responsible for not only writing your homework, but critiquing 3 others as well. Some how I missed this in the course description. You are not done until your reviews are done, then you can move on. If you are like me and don't have the type of job where you can write or even view your course while working, this can be time consuming. Especially when the reviews you need to submit have a deadline. Sometimes it doesn't take much time. Other times writers submit a thesis when the assignment limit was 500 words. Those take much longer. If you are pressed for time, it can be quite frustrating.
This was the first Coursera course I tried and enjoyed it very much.  I found the instruction very informative and practical. The writing exercises were helpful as far as forcing me to practice writing and exercise my creativity, which I don’t tend to do on my own. The only thing I was disappointed about is that I didn’t find other users’ feedback/reviews very helpful. I see the value in the process and understand that those individuals who may not yet have advanced writing (or English language) skills can improve those skills through feedback offered by users with better writing skills; however, it’s not really a two-way street. It would be nice if the platform could somehow be improved to ensure everyone benefits equally, such as by matching users by region and/or skill level (whether self-assigned or based on ratings assigned by other users over time).
I audited this course after completing two books - a novel and a memoir - that were going nowhere and fast.In both cases I knew I had a great story to tell, but I was telling it poorly. After taking Brando's course, I believe the biggest weakness in each story was my failure to appreciate not only plot generally, but the finer points he discusses here: show, don't tell; the five-act story; the 21 points of editing, and so forth. I've read Stephen King's "On Writing," but too often have dismissed the valuable information therein. Brando's course, both his own teaching and the valuable interviews, I know will make me a better storyteller and, will help me write compelling, plot-driven stories. Whether or not this leads to me getting published - well, hopefully someday I can thank Brando in an "Acknowledgements" page :)
El curso en general, me hizo aportes muy
valiosos que pude aplicar de manera práctica en los ejercicios académicos y
creativos que realicé durante el proceso, los cuales me ayudarán mucho en mis
producciones narrativas futuras.  La
metodología me pareció bastante buena, formativa y productiva.  Gracias al instructor, la Universidad y la
Coursera, por este capítulo de conocimientos enriquecedores.Patricia Helena Vélez.The course in general, gave me very
valuable contributions that I could apply in a practical way in the academic
and creative exercises I did during the process, which will help me a lot in my
future narrative productions.  I found
the methodology quite good, formative and productive.  Thanks to the instructor, the University
and the Coursera, for this chapter of enriching knowledge.
Thumbs up! I haven't taken a writing class at university before, but I've written a lot over the last few years - I'm a bit of a self-taught amateur. I was looking for guidance in growing my storytelling abilities. I thought this class was fantastic for that, and I feel that I have some more tools in my belt moving forward. Not only that, this class made me excited about writing! I enjoyed the interviews that Brando did with other teachers. Brando as a teacher is fantastic, he is clear and concise, and you can tell he is passionate about writing. On top of that, he has a lovely kind demeanour, which made the videos a pleasure to watch. I would recommend this course to anyone who is looking for tools to advance their writing. I'm looking forward to the next class in this series on Character!
The instruction is both brief, very practical and valuable. Assignments get right to the heart of the subject and developing essential skills. As the main instructor said, he worked on a book 18 years revising and reediting. It's great fortune to have access to his lessons learned and encouragement to meet the high standard of writing that makes for a readable/sellable book (not just something that gets published). I found the feedback from the three fellow writers who are t asked with reading and commenting on your samples in the course to be worthwhile. Students were generous with their time and tactful with feedback. It's a good way to be able to anonymously share writing and learn from each other. Great value if you're serious about improving your writing!
A good course that I would recommend to everyone that want to follow a career in creative writing or to improve their passion.It helped me to acknowledge things that you have to take in account when writing a book.I could not imagine some of this things when I was thinking about an action,and,how to put it on paper and sound good for the reader.The assignments are very good and you can also complete them in audit only mode , but only for yourself , no one will revive you.  It`s not that easy to write something when you don`t know much things about the structures , how to build a character and so on , but , here you have everything you need and it`s free. I finished the course in audit only mode but if you have the possibility to buy it , don`t hesitate.
The course in itself is really great. The writing assignments were particularly enjoyable, and even though the lectures consisted of only the basics of good writing, they really did help me with improving my writing skills. I do have a word or two about the peer reviewed assignments. I have reviewed more than 40 assignments in the time I spent completing the course, and a few assignments were shoddily completed. Moreover, many peers did not give fruitful feedback on assignments. Few gave feedback that gave more insight than "." or "yes". Furthermore, in one week I submitted my story well before the deadline, yet received my grade late. Apart from the peer review system, I really had a great time with the course! Thank you for reading.
As is repeatedly mentioned, the best part about this course is that it makes you think and get's you to start writing. The little points made (and advice's given) in the short lectures are useful. Like 'Show, don't tell', or the ABDCE structure. The fact that sometimes your developed character just does not want to do certain things and you should have the flexibility to do so. It is all very useful :) The only thing which I perhaps did not like was the quality of some reviews, which I felt were rushed. This is not the course Instructor's fault but maybe Coursera can find a better way to monitor it? Like perhaps flag the reviews that are half-heatedly done so that the author can get more serious reviews on their work.
There was a lot of great information on this course, so I recommend taking notes. The only down side to this was there is no way of contending a zero mark from peers who do not have good English skills or even a knowledge of how to critique. I had a perfectly good piece which I spent a whole day on working out intricate rhetoric and correct structure, which failed. The peers who failed me said they could not understand the English and another could not recognise the literary form of lyrical narrative. I did, however, put together another piece in less than 5 minutes which passed.I learnt a lot of great things though from all the professors and look forward to the other courses in the specialisation.
I enjoyed the course. The structure of the lessons was easy to follow and understand. The videos of such accomplished writers sharing valuable information was not only helpful but also entertaining.I've wanted to try my hand at writing for many years. This was an affordable and effective way to do it from the remote Redwoods in California.  Reviewing other learners work was more helpful than I had expected it to be. Perhaps the most difficult part of the module, I hope I was as helpful to others as they were to me.  I will remember the ABDCE format and hopefully be able to apply it to all my writing in the future.  Thank you Brando Skyhorse for you leadership.
The course is fabulous and the platform so easy to use.  This is the first online course I've taken and I'm surprised how much information was packed into the videos.   No time was wasted.  Almost every sentence in the transcript of the narration was useful.  The guest writers were interesting and their experiences in writing and their own "rules" made it almost feel as if I was in their company.  The instructor, Mr. Skyhorse made me wish I had professors that good, and that relaxed, in college.  Thanks go to all and to the digital people behind the scenes who made everything work so well even during a pandemic where I'm sure the usage was much higher.  :)
Submitting assignments in this course was the first time I had ever put any story of mine on the internet for people to read. I had always been self-conscious of my work, but having the assignments as motivation really helped my push past this obstacle. Thank you!The course has helped me organise my plots better. The structures outline in the modules are easy to understand, and the examples used are well-thought out. The interviews were the most helpful. The discussions Brando had with the authors were insightful and filled with advice. As someone who still struggles with writing (despite loving it dearly), this was invaluable.
I find the videos of Professor Skyhorse to be well-done. In fact, I enjoyed going through them and listening to him talk. There were no difficulties on his part in delivering the material in an organized manner. However, I would have enjoyed getting feedback from the instructor or someone, who has worked closely with him.  As students just learning creative writing coursework, none of us really know what we have produced meets the highest or above-average coursework. I would like to know more about the things that work and don't work now instead of learning that I have much to fix down the road.
I got as much out of this class as I put into it, which is to say, I learned a lot. That being said, I also supplemented what I got out of the lectures with material that I found elsewhere on the web.This is a really good starter class for creative writing and I would recommend it, but something has to be done about the lack of reviewers since whether learners pass or fail the class is based on those reviews. I'm not sure what the solution is but I do know that it is necessary to go ISO writing clubs on the web or real life with like-minded people seeking feedback on their work.
I am very much enjoying how my professor breaks everything down to the simplest form. I find myself applying what I have learned to my everyday writing as well as things I read and watch. He is upbeat and energetic and the assignments are fun! Although he asks for 200 words and I find that difficult because I am accustomed to writing a small novel for each answer, as you can clearly tell from my review of this course.I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to begin writing or to writers who want a fundamental understanding of what they are already doing.
Creative Writing: The Craft of Plot is simply one of the best video courses I have found on the subject. Easy to follow, great examples, clearly explained, engaging presentations and assignments, tips from the experts; all those things made this one course I couldn't "put down". Brando Skyhorse comes across as a phenomenal teacher who really knows his subject and truly cares about it, that alone makes the course worth watching. I will definitely be referring back to this again. Keep an eye on the dedication should my novel ever hit the shelves!
The videos by writer and professor Brando Skyhorse are very to-the-point, informative and easy to follow, and the interviews with fellow writers help shed light on various aspects of the craft. However, the most important part of the course in my opinion were the writing assignments, and I think they do a good job of challenging students and making us apply the techniques learned. The only problem I think is that there could be more feedback from teaching staff, the only feedback we ever got on our assignments came from fellow students.
Didn't pay to unlock the assignments but still enjoyed it.  Lecturer explains points clearly and gives examples from familiar literature.  Even if you aren't an aspiring (or struggling) writer, you'll still learn a lot about the structure of good storytelling.  Ever wondered why movies and novels seem to follow the same pattern, yet it always works?  You'll find out here.  Great course.  My only regret is that assignment reviews are locked until you pay for them.   It would've been nice if only the capstone project required payment.
Retired from a career as writer and occasional editor of technical and non-fiction articles, memos and magazines, fiction writing has for four decades presented an insurmountable obstacle against which I have repeatedly failed to achieve the least understanding... until Wesleyan University offered Creative Writing: The Craft of the Plot.  Regardless of my love of fiction, taken both in print and audio, I have never understood the structure underlying the classics and modern works I so adore UNTIL this course.  Thank You!
If you are a natural writer but still find yourself stuck in hesitation or lack of confidence, this course will help you and encourage you to go deeper into your capacities to challenge yourself and get the best out of those images you are still unsure how to put up into words and share with others. I loved this course, and I urge you to join it and start polishing those ideas wandering in your mind, put your heart and effort to get the best from each insight, and you'll discover the beauty you can produce into a story.
I love this course. This is the first time I have ever attended a Creative Writing course in University level and the first course I took here in Coursera. The lecture delivery was outstanding, and the content is very essential, very helpful for people looking to find structure in writing. I have re-written a piece I wrote based on the knowledge I learned from this course, and indeed, my re-write is so much better than the original re-write I did. People who have been informally writing will benefit so much from this.
The course materials are really useful as they are not just oversimplified guidelines, but practical skills that I can really utilize in my writing. The constraints in every writing assignment gave me new inspirations as I must come up with something that fits into the constraints. I especially like the interviews with other writers, which are included as part of the course materials. They serve to give me another perspective on the same matter discussed by the teacher and hence to stimulate my own thoughts on it.
This course really helps me jumpstart my passion for writing. The knowledge given by the lecturer is so valuable. Be it the 5 structures, the 21-points checklist, etc. I will always keep it in my mind every time I write a story. The peer-graded assignment is so exciting as I can read others' story and learn to give constructive feedback that I can even use for myself. Other than that, I gain more confidence in my English and finally brave enough to let people read my story. I'm really grateful for this course!
The course was very interesting, gave me a lot of ideas, and helped me to see my way to trying to write something longer. The one thing I found not so good was the 'shop-talk' with the instructors of the other creative writing classes. There was too much repetition (if you do all these classes). It would be more interesting to hear OTHER people, writers, and also editors (another point of view).Also, for ALL these classes, I'd appreciate more tasks. The tasks are interesting and help, so more would be great.
The Craft of Plot course is exactly what I was looking for to help my ceative writing. The lessons are clear and easy to understand, there’s real concrete advice with concrete example, the assignments are relevant and fun, and Brando is a great teacher. As someone has written lots of stories, some of the advice seemed obvious at first, but when I put it into practice in the assignments I realised I had lots to learn. Would definitely recommend this course to anyone intereested in storytelling or writing!
Besides an engaging instructor (Brandon Skyhorse), the modules' content is accessible for nascent writers. Moreover, I enjoy the shop talk series with authors. These lectures cum interviews show a fulfilling, intimate view of writing lives. I feel more confident in my writing and have been a better, more critical reader of others' work, especially my own. I recommend this course to anyone who needs to brush up on their creative writing skills and for those who want to start from a clean slate.
I enjoyed this course immensely, even though it continually interrupted my favorite pastime of being out in the freezing wind and sleet while repeatedly digging out my walks and driveways after a series of delightful snow and ice storms.  I liked the lecture-clips. I think that the expertise of the instructors comes through in their presentations. I intend to sign up for the remaining courses once I get finished shoveling snow. It's one of the "main" reasons people move to Maine~Jack Hayes
This course has lots of information to help you structure your writing and good tips to make it engaging - the rest is up to you. Good assignments that make the theoretical parts practical. I really enjoyed the rating of other participants, it makes you really look for the elements and helps to distinguish them is your own writing. Getting feedback from other participants was very rewarding and useful - they did a great job of making me conscious of areas that need improvement.
i recommend this course , an excellent introduction for an aspiring writer or anyone interested in litterature as it explains and decomposes thorougly the mechanics of plot , thru  very alive ideos and sharing of experienced writers , i enjoyed the submissions which taught me disciplin and  structure . This experience helped broaden  my horizon , i learned a lot  from the peer rewiew also , this first module convinced me to go on and complete the full course. Thank you
The course was pretty easy to learn, but the assignments were challenging, which is the best combination of theory and practice in my opinion. Although I didn't have enough time to dive into discussions and get to know with the community, I'd recommend this course to anyone who's making his first steps in creative writing. It will teach you how to limit yourself in your writing, be consize and yet create stories that are both entertaining and thought provoking.
A great way to discover the basics of plot! I feel these are the key ingredients of plot development distilled down into four excellent and information-packed units. I liked the blend of an instruction video, examples in common literature and interviews with other professors. Most of the assignments tied back well to the content and helped you put into practice what you're learning along the way. I am hoping to take additional classes in this series. Thanks!
It's really useful to get feedback from peers. It's like having your readers on hand. I've struggled to understand what readers want. Although I know that all fiction writing is niched; I think I've failed to understand some of the fundamentals of good writing. And that's a big statement for me to make as I have a PhD in literary studies, specialising in theory, and I work as an academic in this field from time to time. It's practical and it works!
I found this course very useful especially the writing assignments. You start with small assignments which don't seem so difficult and you move on to longer pieces as you practice. The best part is that your co-learners review your work and give you honest feedback which helps you see your writing more objectively. I recommend this course to anyone who has been planning to write fiction for a long time. The course serves as a good starting point.
This course is absolutely amazing. All you need as a pre-requisite is the interest in fiction writing. This is a very basic course that tells you so much about fiction writing. I was interested in writing fiction, and this course helped me a lot. The instructor is absolutely brilliant, and this course offers various key insights into the structure of fiction. Even if you are remotely interested in fiction writing, you should try out this course.
Very simple and easy to follow instructions. The use of videos with the written scripts available for reading means anyone can follow through the assignment properly. You can take your time with assignments while notifications remind you of deadlines to keep you on track. Fellow students give feedback, therefore the stress (at least in my case) was lessened; peers grading each other seems to go easier on the stress. Overall, wonderful course :)
Thank you. This was very helpful in getting me unstuck in the novel I am writing. There's still a lot for me to practice but this helped me massively! I hope I do get to finish and publish my novel. And when I do, I would love to thank you guys and Brando in my acknowledgments. This is a great course because plot is my ultimate weakness. This helped me understand the basics and helped me have a better concept for my novel. Thank you again!
The way the creating writing was explain was clear and easy to understand, I would recommend this course to any person who is in love with writing, but doesn't know how to start. I enjoyed how the interview with well known experts made me feel comfortable and in the right path. This was a great experience for me in all senses, I'm pleased and grateful with Brando Skyhorse and partners, keep make knowledge universal I appreciate. Jessica
I really liked the course! It was exactly what I needed. All the topics are in place, mapping out all the white spots, feeling gaps with knowledge on how to draft your story, how to build rising action to finally end up with self-fullfilling denouement. The video lectures are compiled logically, bit by bit they help you through your own creative chaos and nail your story so that it contents intrigue, tension and empathy potential.
This course has helped me with sourcing ideas, organizing my writing and developing a keener eye for structure in my stories. This course gave me an understanding of what a right and interesting book should look like. The course not only clearly reads how a writer should design his book, but also what thoughts should be in his head. Thank you for this wonderful course!
cture in my stories. Thank you so much for this opportunity,
I would like to extend my sincerest gratitude to all the people behind this course and who made it possible for us students whose interest is in creative writing.  It was indeed a great course, meaty and relevant. Personally, the course has taught me a lot. It gave me the realization that I can write. I hope I could be enrolled in another course related to this subject matter in the future. Congratulations and again, thank you.
This course has been the pioneer to my journey as a Hobby Writer - earlier my writings just felt random thoughts written down on a page; after this course, I can really feel a sense of flow and a path they lead to! Moreover, I also loved the Shop Talks with other experienced novelists, where they gave tips about writing - refined after their years of experience as writers!Thank you so much Wesleyan University and Coursera!
As a Creative Writing blogger and aspiring writer keen to learn more about the craft, this course exceeded my expectations. I feel better equipped to draft my next story now that I have gained insight into the technique of developing a plot. Also, exchanging peer review has enabled me to assess any piece of writing by a published or an amateur writer with deeper understanding of what goes into effective storytelling.
Wonderful course! It makes creative writing so much easier for beginners. The assignments were significant and well designed for the students to dive deeper into their thoughts and come up with original stories. I especially loved the chapters with five-act structure and copy editing. I even used this knowledge in my novel. I sincerely thank the professor Mr. Brando Skyhorse for making it so simple for the learners!
This was the first academic course I enrolled for creative writing and it did complete justice to what I expected to learn. The instructors are really good in explaining the concepts and they surely helped me to explore my imagination as well as writing skills. The assignments were challenging yet fun at the same time ! Overall a very detailed course for those who wish to indulge and improve their creative writing.
The course has helped me a lot in giving structure to my thoughts while putting them on paper. It is enlightening to understand how a narration can be interesting to a reader and to get to try the tested method by writers was a interesting experience. Mr. Brando Skyhorse is a great teacher, I love his examples which flowed with every explanation. In the end, the readers are intelligent, hence "show, don't tell".
This was a good primer for starting out with creative writing. I wish there was a better format for the peer grading of assignments. especially if someone needs to resubmit. Begging people to look at your work seems silly given that most of it is subjective. If people give a non passing review they should then get a notification to re-edit a reposted revision. Either way it was  a stressful part of the course.
This was a great start to the creative writing specialization! The videos only took up about 30 minutes per week and most of the time was focused on writing and doing peer reviews. That was good in the sense that it didn't take up too much of my time and felt very do-able, but I think the course could benefit from some more instruction or learning content (even if it's not required). The instructor was great!
It's so great to be part of this course in Creative writing: The Craft of Plot. I appreciate Brando Skyhorse for sharing his knowledge and skill on how  to write the plot. Its so exciting to know that I am honored to have an opportunity  to listen to profound teachers an award winning novelists Amy B and Salvatore Scibona during their shop talk. Happy to have received a certificate from Wesleyan University.
This course was really informative and useful. I was surprised by how much I learned and how good is for advising  writers-to-be. Before this course I had done one in another oganisation, and I can't believe how well this course is structred and how approchable it is. The lecturer was really good. I'm really happy with this course, and would recommend it to anyone wanting to dive deep into creative writing.
The instructor really gives the nitty-gritty of how to write a plot that will intrigue readers. He explains what a plot is (and it may not be what you think! The assignment is much harder than it looks!  Believe me, it took three days for me to get mine done, sign of a good assignment as I can typically write 250 words in a snap (this review for example!).  If you want to write, this is a good beginning.
Before taking this course, I had no idea how stories were structured. Brandon Skyhorse is a wonderful professor who comes off as professional and knowledgeable. The videos are interesting, and I love it when he interviews actual writers and draws on his own personal writing experience. I am actually writing pieces whereas before I had all these ideas but no knowledge of how to express them!
I have enjoyed this course very much.  Now I feel confident that I can create a compelling plot in my stories.  I also now understand what a scene is, which is very important.  I can teach what I have learned, too.  What is exciting is that I now feel energized to keep writing stories.  Thank you so much for your approach, which I find caring and practical!  Best to all writers/professors!
i loved this course! i didn't get to take any creative writing courses in college unfortunately so this was a great introduction to the craft. i felt that even as an inexperienced fiction writer, the content was clear and easy to follow and, at the same time, challenging and invigorating. my passion for writing has only increased, and i'm looking forward to the rest of the specialization!
I was not sure about this course at first, but I am so glad that I enrolled. Brando gives specific tips and ideas about how to write a story. He has made me realize that creative writing is not just about lofty ideas; writing can be improved and polished through approaching a story logically and methodically.One of the best designed courses I have ever taken on Coursera. Thank you Brando!
This course was excellent.  Brando is an incredible teacher, passionate, engaging and knowledgable.  I learned a tremendous amount about plotting it out from this class - in fact, one of the benefits I got is that some level of intimidation I had about building a plot was alleviated.  The lectures, materials and exercises were all so useful and absolutely thought provoking.  Thanks!
I had great learning experience in this Creative Writing course. Acquired specific skills on story writing with emphasis on plot, scene, and the steps in creating an impressive story. Learnt the importance of Freytag's Pyramid and ABDCE model in creative writing. Assignment submission and peer feedback helped me improve my story writing competence. Excellent faculty. Great course.
Well presented lectures by Brando Skyhorse and useful assignments with prompts to make you exercise the writing concepts laid out throughout the course. This is the first time that I have done a Coursera course and I am pleasantly surprised with the results. Thank you Brando, and thank you Coursera for allowing me to improve my creating writing skills from the comfort of my home.
Very useful course. Initially, I thought that lecture-wise it was very brief but actually it is very nicely condensed to the essentials that you need to write engaging stories and content. I have written 4 stories as part of each week assignments and have noticed an improvement in my writing and the feedback from other learners was quite good and constructive for the most part.
Very well put together course. Gave me great insight on plot but especially editing and revision. I was pretty directionless when it came to revising my own work and the last week of this course was a excellent eye-opener. I have a way better idea how and what I should be changing instead of just re-writing everything a bunch of times. Looking forward to the next course!
I really enjoyed every moment of this course. What I have learned during this four weeks is extremely valuable and I hope that it will be benefecial for me in the near future. I would like to thank Mr Brando for his efforts, Wesleyan University who gave me this priceless experience, and all the other students with whom I exchanged reviews and opinions. THANK YOU ALL !
It was an amazing course. I was almost zero in creative writing when I started this course, and, now, I got the last assignment reviewed by my colleagues, and they were surprised and loved it.Sir Brando Skyhorse made things look so easy.Another surprising fact, I joined this course by mistake, but, now, I am thinking of taking the next courses in this specialization.
The Course taught me things that I feel like I wouldn't have to know if not for the course. It taught me the right way of doing things that I love. It helped me understand the concept of the plot in a story better and how I can make mine interesting. I recommend it to everyone who is confused about how to start. This course is all the guidance you need. Thank You.
I liked this course a lot. It helped me get a better sense of the formal structure of narrative and what each part of a story is supposed to achieve. The exercises are great. The constraints the instructor set for them make them useful tools for grasping the concepts he explained during each module. Make sure you stick to the instructions and just try to have fun.
Lots of practical advice to consider for beginning writers. I did not value the editing parts as much as the other parts, especially since this is the first course in the specialization, but the analysis of plot construction was useful. I liked how Brando used Harry Potter as an example of structure because I know that series well (and probably most people do).
I audited this course so I was locked out of submitting assignments; however, I would recommend this course to any creative writing beginner (like myself). The course was well organized and concise and the concepts were clear. It was easy to apply the concept to the assignments and I was surprised at what I was able to write as a result of auditing this course.
Very informative and helpful introduction to scene construction. I now enjoy watching TV and reading stories which involve the ABDCE structure and I ask myself questions based on the 21-point revision process. It adds a whole new dimension for enjoying stories which makes this course worthwhile even if you have no intention of ever writing anything yourself.
This course was really well put together! I'm a content editing intern at a small indie publisher, so I wasn't sure how much I'd really learn- turns out a lot! Taking this course has already improved my editing and my ability to communicate with authors, as well as giving me more opportunities to flex my reviewing skills for my peers. Wonderful, thank you!
This course taught me the basics of crafting, and I learned that my story needs more revision than I wanted to admit before. The instructor is awesome, and I look forward to hearing more from him. His lessons were structured and based on his journey to be an author, which improved the positive vibe of the whole course, making it easier and more enjoyable.
As a beginner to creative writing, the structure and the interviews the Professor used in this course helped me a lot with understanding. I could see myself improving my writing from one assignment to another. Also I became very aware of the writing structure when I am reading books written by well-known authors, which is a great way to learn further.
This creative writing course got me out of my comfort zone and made me realise that your weaknesses in writing can become strengthens if you work hard enough. The people who graded my assignments were very helpful and always left comments on not only how to improve but also what they liked about the stories, this was a great confidence booster.
I had a hard time with this one. I understood the rules, but sometimes writing about something you yourself find interesting doesn't necessarily fit easily into the required format.Also, on one of assignments, half my summary got cut.Plot is hard. I appreciate all the learning modules, found them quite inspiring.I myself have a long way to go.
This was the first subject of the Creative Writing Course I took and I recommend it to anyone who is starting to write.  After completing The Craft of Plot I was encouraged enough to continue with the other subjects of the specialization.  Prof. Brando Skyhorse  is clear and his teachings easy to follow and to understand.  I really enjoyed it.
Highly inspiring, comprehensive and interesting course. I learned a lot from the interesting lectures and talks, and was challenged to develop as a writer. The level of the assignments worked well for the timeframe, and the peer reviewing added a lot of new insights. I would really recommend this course and am looking forward to next module.
This course was really helpful. It helped get my creative juices flowing again and give me direction. I love literature and I know the basics, but application is different. The assignments helped me implement not just the basics but the advanced knowledge I gained about writing literary pieces in just the first course of the specialisation.
Content was presented clearly and with great details and examples to refer to as well. The professor was easy to follow and his ideas were helpful. I really enjoyed the conversations with other authors in the videos. They all provided great insight and were able to teach, but still inspire since they are active writers'/authors themselves.
Putting aside the use of the Coursera apps on Ipad and Iphone (which are beyond awful and made the experience of taking this course utterly frustrating), this course was outstanding. The student will be given sold information on how to organize, structure, and edit a story. All of the material was approachable and extremely useful.
Great course for aspiring writers. I had never written even a few sentences of fiction and I felt this course very effectively introduced me to all the basic elements needed to put a story together. The assignments were especially thoughtful. Thanks Brando and fellow learners who shared their valuable feedback and their own work.
I enjoyed the assignments and felt the instructor, Brando Skyhorse, was clear in his explanations and assignments.  This course helped me organize and pace my stories in a meaningful way.  It also reminded me of the power of revision.  If you have to pick 1 course out of the entire series, this one is probably the one to pick.
This course is really good for starting, getting to know and think about some aspects about writing. Most importantly, you get to actually start writing, week after week. It also really makes a difference when you not only do it, but also share it with other people. That's the actual craft of the story after all, isn't it?
An excellent course which will lead you to the significant entrance into creative writing. I am a beginner writer and I think this course helped me a lot to understand the general philosophy and some methods in creative writing. I strongly recommend this course to every person who is interested in any kind of text writing.
Fantastic class!  The teachers is organized, charismatic, a respected author of such interesting subject matter.  He brings relevant outside writers to interview about their viewpoints.  The assignments are clear and really opened my mind to other ways of thinking.  This series of classes is more than worth time and cost.
The course is easy to follow and informative. Challenging assignments and guest speakers add variety, clarity, and creativity to the way you think about telling a story. It touches on important points like structuring and editing. Plus, the instructor compares much of what he's teaching to how it's used in popular novels.
Very well presented, clear and concise.  I have always just flowed a story out.  This course offers insights into why some of my stories work and others don't.  I found I do many of these things subconsciously but am now able to apply a solid foundation to build upon to ensure more consistency with my writing.  Thank you
So far, this has been my favorite course in the specialization -- two more to go, including capstone.  I liked the "feel" of the delivery, I felt more like I was in a lecture and Brando seems so at ease in front of the camera.  I learned a lot in all the courses but preferred the delivery of this one the most.  Thanks!
A great guide to any aspiring writer and thespian. The course gives a new approach in understanding the basic fundamentals to get you charged for your get go in writing. It might seem challenging at some point but once you pass the threshold where you are about to give up you realize how simpler the journey becomes.
I have in these four weeks, learned far more than I expected, and my eyes have been opened up to a whole new world, A big thank you to Brando Skyhorse, but also to the wonderful mentors, that helps guide us through the in's and out's of the challenges, which face us, from used the homepage, to doing our assignments.
Very interesting. I was totally new to the concept of creative writing - though I'm an avid reader and write a lot at work, but mostly on technical subjects - and it was enlightening to learn a bit about the mechanisms which help building truly believable, entertaining stories. I recommend this course, definitely.
Thank you professors for your time creating this course. It really empowered my writing... I've written over 100k words since starting this course. I gained the confidence to just start writing and not to worry about making it perfect the first time. Loved this course and have recommended to others. God bless you!
I enjoyed taking this course. The insights and carefully crafted assignments helped me write better than I have ever imagined. This course unleashed my writing abilities. I feel happy that I took this course. Peers  gave me valuable feedback and also lot of love & encouragement, which truly boosted my confidence.
It's thrilling to have people read your work and tell you what they think. The best part for me was reading what others have written. Once or twice, I was unable to write the things that I could write best because of the parameters given by the assignment question. It was a challenge but I discovered my weakness.
I absolutely loved this class. I found this course fun, interesting and informative. I feel that I have a better understanding on how to create interesting characters and how to make scene's that captivate and hold a reader's attention. I would highly recommend this class to anyone who has an interest in writing.
I learned a lot from this course because it required people to communicate with each other and be inspired by other people's work. Although I gave this five stars, I think there could be a more efficient note system. One thing I don't like about it is how you cannot take notes when at full screen in the videos.
This course is not easy and really opened my eyes to the dedication and understanding of what a writer is all about. Being assessed by my peers was the most useful for me, nothing better than to hear if ya got something or not. Thanks, I plan on continuing with my studies and become a very successful writer.
Short and sweet! I really loved the case study thing at the start of the course. I loved the interviews with authors. What you need to know is that this course consists of peer-reviewed assignments each week. So, you need to put effort into reviewing others' work so that the community as a whole improves :)
This course is amazing because it really helps a lot. I've greatly improved my writing and discovered a new world of important structures that are very useful and make the writing process easier. This Creative Writing course is very helpful and I'm looking forward to completing the specialization. Thanks ;)
This course is amazing.  It teaches you the nuts and bolts of storytelling. I'm amazed at the kind of stories I'm able to come up with after completing this course. Once you understand structure, the rest is easy.  Highly recommend it. I personally feel wealthier after doing this course. Thank you, Brando.
I expected to hear the usual "show don't tell" mantra that I have heard in  other fiction writing courses. Instead I learned the one thing that makes that statement make sense to me. I learned what they mean when someone says "show don't tell" and then I learned how to do it. Thank you Brando Skyhorse.
Every week, with every video and assignment, i learned so much. The valuable information was easy and clear to understand and yet still challenging to put into practice which made the assignments so effective. As a result of this course i definitely have a stronger understanding of writing and plot.
This course forced me to think both more creatively and far more strategically, within my writing.  I appreciated the "conversations" with other writers as well.  I also enjoyed the teaching style of our instructor; the "21 Points" along with the ABDCE modules were particularly helpful!Thank you!
Thank you Mister B. Skyhorse for organizing this introduction to creative writing and for sharing your many years of work in the field of writing.  It is quite an achievement to be proud of. The material of the course is very informative and a great guideline. Thank you for sharing.  Best Wishes.
I have been writing for a while now, but always felt like I could do better, like I was missing the fundamentals. This course made that pretty apparent then went about filling in some of my gaps. I recommend this course. It was eye-opening in the best of ways and it has made me a better writer.
This course by Wesleyan University is an outstanding opportunity to polish your writing skills. I had a great time learning new techniques and ideas from learned professionals. The best part about the course was the peer review system that helped me to gain feedback in the most welcoming way.
I really appreciated this course! It gave incredible insight into the craft of a story in a digestible, smooth manner. The exercises and peer reviews for each portion of the course were also very creative and really flexed the skills of each lesson, while giving authors a space for feedback.
This course improved my writing skills in a tangible way - I will apply it both for my aspiration to become a writer as well as to express myself better at work. My main improvement is in structure and understanding more about editing process, getting rid of unnecessary part of the outcome.
The course is short but it hits all the points needed in creating a plot. I also find the shop talk very insightful and gave me perspectives outside of the course material. The teacher summarizes it nicely and the course is very easy to follow. The assignments are also fun and challenging.
A great course to structure your works and realize the importance of setting and description in making a scene come alive. I enjoyed it and would love to go for further courses in this specialization. I thank the instructor for making it readily available to learners across the world.
The course is precisely designed and gives ample amount of information regarding the plot. This course has given me enough details about the plot and its structure in detail with different types and methods, that I can now write my own novel about which I was procrastinating a lot.
The guidance and teaching received throughout the course was lucid,informative and well structured. In a lot of way it provided much needed confidence required for a beginner as myself and to make me fall in love of writing fiction and give a sense of belief that i can do it.
the way Amy Bloom describes the process of creating the characters and throws the light on even the simplest questions you would want to ask before doing it is so inspiring. and of course the shop talks are incredibly informative, and a great chance no one can afford to miss.
I have a very technical mind, so I really appreciated the way the lecturer, Brando Skyhorse, broke down the method for writing a good plot. Completing this course, and seeing what I was able to write because of it, makes me excited to complete the rest of the specialization!
This course is something extraordinary. You get many things to learn. I would thank this course leader Brando Skyhorse for explaining such a complex topic in simple language and by giving variety of examples which are relatable to this new generation. Thank you Coursera.
Great class!  Simple and direct.  Brando Skyhorse has a great demeanor and very open and warm.  Very encouraging.  The assignments were clear and manageable and yet challenging.  Stimulating to push past my comfort zone.  Definitely recommend it!  Thanks so much, Brando!
wonderfully set up. I can follow and do at my own page and learn so much at the same time. Its structure keeps me going and the extended deadlines are a very useful feature... so is the price of the subscription, as it does keep me from going too far off off deadlines.
Outstanding course for anyone who wants to write anything. I love writing, and recently someone told me to get trained and become a bettwe writer. I found this course and loved it. Brando is an amazing instructor. Just his presence makes you feel calm. And his looks!
Awesome course.Can feel the missing pieces slowly fall together in my writing for every assignment.So happy this and the following courses were made available on Coursera.Will mention the author as well as this course in my first book if I manage to get it published.
This course has helped me in many ways to understand that how a plot should work. Before this, I ised to get very confuse about the structuring of story to make sense out of it but this course has helped me learn pattern with which I can make any plot make sense.
Great Course. It helped me honed my skills and helped me to be better at plotting.  I wasn't much for plotting but I realised that I knew and loved that I could produce a good story.  Definitely recommend those who wish to better their writing to do this course.
This is not your run-of-the mill writing course. Brandon is a gifted teacher and the content and activities opened up new ideas for me. I learned some additional ways to look at story. The format also allows communication among students, which is very valuable.
really excellent, I have learned a lot in this course, many unknown things or that I did not apply correctly with this course I was able to better understand various concepts, I hope that the classmates have also been able to learn and know more, very grateful
I didn't take this class for credit, I took this class as a refresher.  The professor gave a lot of good information and I really enjoyed the class.  I enjoyed the class so much, I would take it again.  Please recommend a book for the next class.  Good class!
This course has been a godsend to further develop my skill in the art of creative writing.Thank you, Brando. This course has been incredible, inspiring, and foundational to my future.Whoever wishes to advance their creative writing; this course is for you.
Enjoyable course full with clearly explained concepts and detailed examples that make it even easier to understand. The practical exercises are fun to write and encourage you to hone your skills through each unit. Good for writers at all levels of skill.
This is a great course and instructed very well.  I like that it is all done in video sessions.  I have had too many courses with other organizations that sell a course that is just written material that you can get on Amazon in a few books for $4.99...
Lecture from Brando Skyhorse is pretty clear and good, the guest interviews are interesting and fun. The conversation are very laid-back and easy to follow. The feedbacks from the peer are also constructive, very supportive with one another. Thank you!
Very enjoyable course, challenging assignment, and a great instructor.  The course content was well organized and presented.  Brandon Skyhorse's presentations were well done and concise making his lessons easy to comprehend.  Thanks for a great course!
Thanks, tons, Wesleyan University, and Professor Brando Skyhorse. I loved the first course, The Craft of Plot, in the Creative Writing Specialization. I learned from this course, and I hope to learn some more from the remaining courses in this series.
Very well broken down into bite sized and easily digested information on what a plot is to tips on drafting a plot. The assignments tied in directly with the content taught each week  which really help to further deepen the understanding and learning.
Excellent way to start diving into the awesome adventure that is creative writing. The structure of the course is laid out nicely for all learners - both beginners and more advance. Highly recommend it if you want to start learning more about writing.
This was a highly useful — and not at all broad — delve into the things that really make and break creative writing. A short and well-crafted program that highlights issues in writing with the solutions best suited for creative writers of all levels.
A really nice, easy to follow and well paced course. I'm a beginner at creative with a long lasting love for literature. By the end of this course I was able to write a complete story which was at least a one time good read. Not bad for a rookie :)
Great course! It really helps you realize the basics of plot and the requirements for writing a good book. Very analytical and easy to follow. Also the projects were very helpful as well as the feedback received form the peers. Highly reccomended!
I really enjoyed this class. I learned a lot I did not know and some that I had learned but forgotten. Brando Skyhorse is an excellent teacher. I was able to see marked improvement in my writing skills. Thank you for making this course available.
Really easy to follow, each writing assignment was a great challenge (the trickiest one was week three's).  I took lots of notes, and will be referring back to them often with each writing project I take on (including the two series I'm writing).
This course gave me an understanding of what a right and interesting book should look like. The course not only clearly reads how a writer should design his book, but also what thoughts should be in his head. Thank you for this wonderful course!
Exceptional! This course has helped me with sourcing ideas, organizing my writing and developing a keener eye for structure in my stories. Thank you so much for this opportunity, and I'm looking forward to the next courses in the specialization!
This course took me one step closer to my goal to becoming a good writer. The material was presented clearly and efficiently. I liked the implementation of the peer review system and I found the ability to go at my own pace extremely gratifying.
I had tried my hands at writing before, but this course gave a better grounding in the skills of writing a story. I feel more confident now . The module presentations were interesting and I particularly liked the interviews accomplished authors.
I recommend this course. I find creating clear plots rather difficult which are time- consuming when done correctly. The steps provided for creating the structure, scenes, and plot are very informative and all one need do is think and write.
This course was very inspiring and mostly helped me write better. But there were some people who did not try at all and lacked the will to finish this course. But other than that, I think this course was very intelligent and well organized.
The course was good, I wish there are separate notes. I did made mine, I found everything helpful. I mean the entire transcript, and since I read the notes that I made handwritten, it took a lot of time for me to digest but it was worth it.
It is as intense as you make it. When you glance through the exercises and take the videos, it seem so easy, but it isn't. The early exercises are quite okay, but as you progress you will really need to put in time and effort. Great course.
I love this course! It has given me a lot of information that will come in handy when developing my own stories and ideas. The videos are crisp and to the point, yet wonderfully detailed to open up my thinking possibilities and imagination.
What I really liked in this course is that it is focused on writing practice. The amount of theoretical concepts introduced is just about right. Maybe one could add a downloadable version of the 21 rules checklist. Good job and thanks! :)
An excellent class. It helped me sharpen up my writing. I would say this is better than any book I ever read on writing. A huge part of it was in the reading and reviewing of other student's work. I felt I learned even more in doing that.
I really enjoyed this course. The assignments were challenging and pushed me to think outside the box. I most appreciated receiving feedback from peers, and also seeing how they applied new lessons/skills. I highly recommend this course!
Fantastic. I really have learned how to identify the structure of the plot in the stories I read, and I am now able to structure plots to my stories - their bones - which I will in a second moment I will fill up with scenes - the flesh.
I really liked the balance between explanation, instruction and hands-on-exercise. Brando Skyhorse explains things well and he seems to be the knowledgeable, skillful professional and teacher that you can trust to help you move forward.
Really good, the exercises are challenging and make you work on making good scenes and stories in very limited word counts. Brando's classes are easy to follow and his advice hits the mark. The guest lectures are also very insightful
I am loving these classes so far and am excited to continue learning. Just by taking this class and reading the prompts, I'm finding the motivation to write and coming up with more to write about. I couldn't ask for more. Thank you.
This is a wonderful course that provides good guidance and tips for aspiring writers as well as a positive space to practice those guidelines. I recommend this to you, whether you're thinking about writing or are already a writer.
The course was well done, there were clear examples and the exercises followed the information that was presented.  I learned a lot from each module and would recommend it to anyone interested in the 101 on creating a good story.
This course has helped me understand how to write so the reader sees what I am telling. More than a story someone reads to you but allows you the ability to bring the reader in to see the action and be a part of what is going on.
It was quite a phenomenal course. I Always loved writing but this provided me like a solid base and lots of tips on how to go about doing what I love. Brando Skyhorse was an amazing tutor explaining the concepts very admirably.
This is a great course for both beginning authors and advanced ones. it really puts writing into perspective and helps one crafting a story. Brandon is great at clearly explaining everything. I highly recommend it to everyone!
Dr.Skyhorse taught me things I didn't know and allowed me, as well as other students, time, and space to write. I am continuing with this series because of the way Dr. Skyhorse teaches and what I learn about writing from him.
I enjoyed this course, I've learnt many new things I didn't know about. I also really enjoyed peers' feedback, as it gave me the chance to see what I write from the other perspective. Overall it is very useful and productive.
Very nice course by Brando Skyhorse. A perfect gateway to the world of Creative Writing. It starts from basics and elevates gently to a point where you certainly realize you have evolved over the course. Thank you for this!
The teacher was awesome. He taught so well with great examples and he seemed like the best teacher to me. I also enjoyed so much on his Shop Talk videos. The conversation was so fun and full of new data. Thank you so much.
I loved this course, the instructor was really good and I learned a lot. He explained things really well by using examples from well-known books and discussions with other authors. I would definitely recommend this course.
This course really helps me a lot. Writing has been my passion ever since and I really want to do well until I am confident enough to publish my works. I learned from the instructors, especially explaining the structures.
Thank you for the valuable information and providing the listener with plenty of examples, making it easier to follow and understand. I really enjoyed listening to the interviews and the explanations given in this course.
This is one of the best courses in this specialisation after craft of character. He really hits the basic of plotting and structure and explains the easest method of creating a plot, the ABDCE method. Highly recommended!
As strange as it may sound, this course was easy to binge. The videos were packed with info, but of an ideal duration. The assignments built on the course material organically, but grew more challenging - in a good way.
I loved the way that it was delivered.  I looked forward every time to my reviews..at first, I was really nervous for the first one because I've never really had anyone read my stuff but after that, it was encouraging.
This is such a useful course to take especially if you are new to all of this. I used to write before this but this helped me understand the difference between a plot and how I can work to turn my concepts into plots.
Loved it. Enjoyed the materials and the assignments immensely.  The only thing I , let's say, dislike is that we have no feedback from an instructor. Although it is not a realistic request, I know, I still wished it.
Clean, succinct, and clear explanation of the fundamentals of successful plot structure and movement. I appreciated the warm, encouraging manner of the instructor, and found the assignments well designed and helpful.
I enjoyed the course and learned quite a lot. Professor Brando is one of a kind. I love his style and exposition, very clear and very easy to follow. I hope to meet him in person one day. Thank you for this course.
Useful and practical information, to-the-point format, interesting activities and helpful feedback from peers. I even cried while the Professor was conducting a heartfelt reading. Very sweet. I highly recommend it.
This was an excellent course. The amount of work was just right, and it gave me a strong foundation for creative writing. I really enjoyed the writing assignments, as well has giving and receiving feedback on them.
The most important of the 4 courses in terms of setting the basis. As usual, the only problem was having to wait for someone to review my work (10 days) in order to finish the course... but hey, that's´s how it is.
I throughly enjoyed the task and challenge of writing such a short story using the prescribed words in specifically designed structure. I hope I was up to the task and cannot wait to see the response to my effort.
I loved this course and the assignments were really putting every section to work right away.I wish that at least one of my papers would have been reviewed by Brando... but maybe that will happen in the capstone.
I found this to be a challenging - and very eye-opening - course. I really enjoyed the instructor's style. I recommend this course to anyone who either wants to write or is already writing and wants to improve.
A very effective course to learn creative writing. I have surely improved my skills in terms of writing. Thank you for all the valuable things i have learned. Looking forward for the next part of this course.
I can't say which one of the courses was the best, as I learned so much from each of them.  It's been a while since I've taken this course and I'm sure if I took it again, would learn even more.  Thank you!
It is a really good introduction to writing, I love it. The format of the course is excellent for virtual studies, the time periods are good for completing the assignments combine with every day activities.
Brando Skyhorse is such a great teacher! I loved this course through and through, I really feel like I'm improving my writing and it's helping me with the novels I'm currently working on. A million thanks!
I've been writing for a long time, even having some success at it, but have never taken any formal training. I feel that you take away from this course what you put into it, even if you're not a beginner.
This was my first writing course, I would say it is well structured and do give you challenges in form of assignments. If you are an aspiring writer, its a good way to begin your writing course journey.
I have always been an avid reader. I took this class to familiarize myself with the techniques behind plot development. I would highly recommend this course, and the creative writing specialization.
It was very impactful and insightful...i had to opportunity to thing through my writing creatively. The idea of other writers reviewing my work was a good one as the feedback was quite constructive.
Extremely helpful! I'm rethinking a lot of my previous approach to writing, especially when it comes to creating interesting scenes and ensuring my characters each have a clear desire while I write.
It seems easy at the start; give it a week or two and you will be very surprised -- with yourself and your reaction to the feedback. The instructions are easy to follow, the insights are priceless.
It was a good course. It was a good grading method, I was a little opposed in the beginning but I now I  understand the value of having more than a teacher read your work. It is very much worth it.
Course is well structured and the material is very helpful. I enjoyed both the lessons and the assignments. The review from fellow classmates helped me alot in improving my creative writing skills.
Good material. Brando Skyhorse is a very talented lecturer. The exercises look simple but are actually very difficult, so set aside more time than you expect to complete them within the parameters.
I really enjoyed this course. It had a lot of concrete advice, and motivated me to start writing again. The assignments made sense, and gave me a list of things to look for when editing the draft.
This course is worth every minute I spent taking it. Thanks to Brando and the rest of the team behind the lens. You've made a better writer out of me. I'd write your name in my acknowledgements!
I don't think the peer-reviewing is a great thing. I wrote a great scene got 100% grade at the end, but I got 0 at the first attempt of the same. Would be great if the mentor could have a look.
The course helped me a lot in understanding what a plot is.  This is my first time to join a creative writing class and I did not regret signing up.  Thank you everyone for a very great course.
Mr. Skyhorse was a fascinating lecturer, with this course I came much closer to writing and methodically learned a lot! Thank you for this fabulous opportunity to be part of your lecture unit!
Really good explanations and relevant examples throughout. The only week where the examples were hard for me to untangle were those in the show-don't-tell scene lesson. Overall though, great.
I really appreciated how the instructor laid out the modules and built on it with his explanations and examples. It was very helpful for me as a new writer to learn the nuances of the craft.
I enjoyed the course very much especially the exercises. Brando is also more systematic with tips. For example the ABDCE format helps one remember how to properly write stories. I enjoyed it
I audited this class from start to finish. While I'm not looking to write a novel or short story any time soon, this was incredibly valuable to the creative writing I do on a regular basis.
This course was an excellent combination of basics and simple intense assignments to practice the concepts learned. I enjoyed every course in the Creative Writing Specialization. Thank you!
I have learned a great deal from this course and will use the skills learned to continue advancing my writing skills. Thank you Brando. Your teaching materials have been of invaluable use.
I have learned a lot from this course. I appreciate the good instruction from Professor Skyhorse as well as the  encouragement, constructive advice and critique from my lovely classmates .
Good assignments, they don't let you rely on writings you've done in the past.  Also, concrete advice that all beginning writers should follow.  You aren't Faulkner yet, learn the basics.
This is an excellent overview course, with a luxury of specific guidance from published authors.  It really helped focus my thoughts as I'm attempting to write my first book late in life.
This course is enriching. You can learn many things about the creative process. Even if you have no intention of writing a book, it can be a good option to learn how to unravel a story.
Brando was insightful and clear in his explanations. The course was easy to follow and had excellent interviews with other writers. I feel like I learned a lot from taking this course.
The course has given me an excellent structure and practice for writing basic scenes. I would be interested another course which talks about putting scenes together for a larger work.
Very grateful to Brando and the team of guest writers for this course, you managed to break down the craft of plot so that even first time "writers" like myself were quite successful.
This was a great way to get started writing again after a long time. The videos were engaging and full of good information. It's good to see and hear real authors talk about the work.
So many valuable lessons to be learned here about how plot should logically unfold in your story. I will be reviewing the lectures again to constantly improve my writing. Thank you!
A great course for beginners and aspiring writers. Each and every lessongives you a better understanding about how a plot is written, and what are the various parts included in it.
I liked that the bulk of time spent was practicing writing. I learned many things like the elements of a strong scene, how setting plays a role, and the 5-act structure of a story.
Great course. I just audited it but even the audit content was very helpful. You'll have to pay for peer review, but I just wanted to learn about plot and this course delivered. :)
Excellent !!The content and explanation is awesome , and the assignments adds the rest to your learning, thank you Wesleyan University and thanks to Coursera for this opportunity.
fabulous course with lot of do's and don'ts... and an inspirational guide and techniques for a startup writer or a beginer. course with its full content , quality and knowledge .
Prof. Skyhorse has a kind, engaging face and mannerisms.  The course was well organized and free of technical issues- wish I could say the same thing about Coursera in general!
I felt the three-part video learning was helpful. The first video taught the skill, the second showed the application and the third reinforced with an interview with an author
Amazing instructor and very easy to understand with step by step assignments which make the task at hand easier. Great course to get started with the technicalities of writing
I learned so much from this course. Brando's videos were very clear with identifiable takeaways and assignments that were very much in keeping with the lessons in each module.
This is a good course and a good series.  It has been very helpful for me in terms of learning to be a writer and in terms of asking myself what kind of a writer I want to be.
This course taught me more than I thought it would; and I had a lot of expectations, all of them fulfilled! A total recommendation for those who are into stories and writing.
Overall it's a really good/comprehensive course for a beginner. I'm a big fan of peer reviews so that was lovely. Also, the guest interviews were really engaging and helpful.
I enjoy the practical and thoughtful teaching as well as the assignments. They work for me as a beginner and I have loads of information to practice and play with. Thank you!
In the last days of learning this course (not done yet) I feel my fears of venturing into fiction writing leaving. The content of the course is good. The delivery is spot on.
This course is very interesting and easily to understand for beginner just like me. And through read the stories of other students, I learned more and find my disadvantages.
This section gave me a whole new perspective on plot structure. The lectures and discussions were to the point and definitely increased my passion for writing all the more.
I loved everything about this course: the interviews with other authors, reviewing other's work, Brando's way of explaining made it easy to understand and apply to my work.
Doing this course encouraged me to write more and let my imagination create wonderful stories. I learned a lot and gave my total outcome. It was truly an amazing journey.
The course is really good and appropriate not only for the people who are just starting to write but also for people who have some previous knowledge of writing stories.
I greatly enjoyed the experience and learned quite a bit. I've been writing on my own for years but feel like I have a better idea on how to format and what to look for.
Excellent Introduction to Creative Writing! As someone new to creative writing I found this class informative, challenging and inspiring. I highly recommend this course!
The exceptional teaching provided by the instructor really simplified the art of creative writing for me , highly recommend it for anyone who wants to pursue the field.
I really enjoyed this course!! Brando taught this course so well- with adequate resources, theoretical knowledge, easy-to-understand explanations! Enriching experience!
loved the course. it really made me learn concepts I didn't know to implement. Now I can easily plot the story. Thanks to mentor who always should examples to explain.
Good starting module that gives some simple techniques to improve writing. Not too easy and not too hard. I am doing the second unit based on the strength of the first
This class helped me a lot. I learned how to structure my stories and get the mechanics right, so they follow the arc they should. I also learned to show and not tell.
I am thrilled to attend the course - I learned a lot. It was well constructed and with great examples and also made very engaging by the visiting professor.Thank you!
I enjoyed these introductory lessons into creative writing. It has given me a great jumping-off point from which to continue growing into the writer I'd like to be.
It has been a great course that helped me better understand the basics of plot, structure, "scenes", building characters and trying to show rather than tell a story
I loved this course.  It really gets into the meat writing.  I look forward to the other Creative Writing Courses and recommend it to anyone interested in writing.
This course is really wonderful for me. I am glad to choose this course and i have learned many things many technics that i should have learnedThank you Coursera
I love it and very easy to follow. Great for the beginner trying to fine tune their work and/or get started. They offer you the tools to author your first story!
A wonderful course to learn what it really takes to develop a strong plot, write and review it, and to see what others may be doing that you aren't! I loved it.
This was a fun class that explained why the plot works in popular literature while encouraging the student to apply the learned techniques to their own writing.
I'm thoroughly enjoying this course.  I look forward to moving through each phase and I feel that I am being guided through the basics in the best possible way.
I really didn't expect to learn as much as I did! Great, well-organised course. I highly recommend it for those who want to learn the basics of writing a story.
A very good course that helped me practice my writing and get some feedback. The modules were well organized and the lessons that I learnt were very valuable.
I really enjoyed writing the assignments and connecting to students worldwide. I look forward to making more fun during the next course in the specialization.
I learned a lot from this course and enjoyed taking it.  The instructor was awesome and the feedback from fellow students was invaluable.  Thank you very much
This was a great course with a great teacher.  I have taken several courses on Coursera for a number of years now.  This to me was the best of all, thus far.
I enjoyed this course, because it gives a good insight to the tecnique of crafting a plot. I will certainly keep the suggestions precious for my own writing!
Really good class. The exercises were more like riddles and I really enjoyed it. It made me think and get around the conditions and then focus on the story.
I liked this course a lot. In a few weeks I learned interesting skills to write better. Thank you so much for the oportunity. I would like to continue... :)
The course gave me information and practical new ways of looking at structure and plot that I'm sure are already helping to make me a better writer. Thanks.
I'm learning a lot about creative writing. The examples are very clear, the course itself is very entertaining. You won't regret taking this course.Cheers!
That course was best because it initiates creativity. Secondly I really admire our great teacher Brando Skyhorse ,for his best teaching method and style .
This course is amazing. The videos explain how to craft a plot in a clear way, and it has fun assignments to do. I enjoyed it! Into the next Craft course!
I found the teaching videos very easy to follow and understand. The assignments were relative to the teaching and helped cement the knowledge in my brain.
For anyone who likes to write but is looking for guidance, this is an amazing experience. I loved this course and also the peer here are very supportive.
This is an amazing course. It forced me to exert my thinking muscles in a way they hadn't before. Professor Brando Skyhorse is an exceptional instructor.
I enjoyed this course; it provided a thorough overview of plot - well worth the time spent watching the videos and completing the assignments for myself.
I really enjoyed it. it helped me with my creative writing skills so much. I know I will use the writing skills I earned from this course in my future!!
Very good course. Since I've only done the audit I haven't practiced with the assignments (probably going to do so on my own time with a friend though).
I loved the course especially where Mr Skyhorse talked about rising action. The assignments are very engaging and this course has been a great learning.
I really enjoyed this course. Each assignment focused on different skills, and the ability to peer review gave me insights on my own writing and style.
It is an excellent class : Very clear and easy to follow. The teacher is great and gives very good basics and rules. It makes writing looks very easy !
I thought the course was very informative. It had a lot of good and essential information for writing and the teacher was clear and easy to understand.
Wonderful. Just wish it could have been longer. The shop talking sections with featuring Brando speaking with other writers were incredibly insightful.
This course involved challenging assignments and very interesting lessons.  I thought the course was well thought out and would recommend it to anyone.
Excellent course, the assignments allowed me to encourage myself to write. I was able to understand the course even though I don't speak much English.
It was fun and engaging. I really enjoyed the tasks and grading others' works, even though the peer review part was an unexpected part of the course.
I learned so much in this course, particularly, how to edit what I am writing to tell a better story to the reader. Great course- highly recommended.
Excellent! The content is interesting and I enjoyed how Mr. Skyhorse addresses the material he teaches in a very simple yet meaningful way. Thank you
This is a great class. I love the instructor and the materials I learned in this course. I will be looking into other Weslyen courses in the future.
I think Brandon Skyhorse is an excellent teacher. The prerecorded segments are very good and easy to follow. The Assignments are challenging and fun
Before taking this course I had no idea that there can actually be a format to follow to create a good story! I've learned a lot and Brando Skyhorse
Fun And Easy to follow. The assignments help a lot and it has genuinely made me feel like a better write and given me confidence to pursue writing.
This course is great.  I learned a lot and I didn't feel that I was stifled creatively.The course content is relevant and is presented well online.
I liked it very much! It has helped me to have better vision and perspective when writing and even reading. Very happy with the course. Thank you.
I had a dream , but always bushed it back ' writing novels; i had a false assumption about  fiction. this course help me  to see  myself writing .
Awesome introduction to the specialization. You won't leave without a good set of skills and a general understanding on the processes of writing.
The course is excellent! It definitely helps writers in taking the story from their minds to paper, using methods to keep the reader's attention.
Very helpful if you are picking up writing again.  Not to time consuming, the content is manageable and the instructor is very clear and concise!
Excellent course! I did it twice since the first time I was not enrolled for the certification, however, the second time I annoyed it even more.
A highly enjoyable experience that provides a stress free environment with tasks that provide enjoyable but mentally stimulating writing tasks.
I found this course useful in focusing my short stories.  I found the lectures useful, interesting, and directly applicable to the assignments.
I loved the course, and I have learnt so many skills which I will definitely use in my writing. Thank you so much for this excellent course.
Thank you. This has enriched my life and given me such purpose and drive. Fantastically put together course, can wait to finish the next 4.
Very instructive once you get used to using the subscribed structures. Great mentor support and a nice bunch of people to bounce ideas off.
The videos are very helpful. Brandon is awesome explaining. This course really helped me design better the plot before I started writing.
This course is great. Before, I used to write not knowing what I was doing. Now, I write thinking about writing and having clearer gols.
this is very good for the students or any person who were interesting in writing a story and it helps you to build strong plot writing.
I loved everything about it. Learned so much and had soooo much fun with the assignments and the feedback with other students. Amazing!
This course was really helpful and I know I've learned about a lot of things I've been doing wrong and how I can stop from making them.
Great insight and instruction! The information on structuring scenes, revision, and how each chapter should be formed was VERY helpful
This is a wonderful class in plot! Brando has so many wonderful nuggets of wisdom, I took pages of notes. Definitely worth your time.
It's great for deeper understanding of the structure and work-frame that best suits a scene and a character to fully develop a story.
I found this course very helpful and informative. I was not very good at plot and determining what my plots where before I took this.
Brando did a great job of teaching, and the assignments are amazing, and work great with the material. I've learned a lot! Thank you!
Easy steps, simple to understand: I wrote my first stories ever!Thank you professor Brando Skyhorse, you are a GREAT teacher!! Elisa
I thoroughly enjoyed this class. I learned a lot that I will use moving forward in order to write a compelling and intriguing story.
The most useful material in this entire specialization is the one given by Skyhorse. Many thanks, Brando, you are a natural teacher!
Great start - I've been wanting to take up writing, really helped me re-assess where my characters go and what I'm looking to create
This course has helped me get started in writing with creating different stories and has hence given me a  start in a new direction.
Very interesting and so much useful information. For anyone who's interested in writing of any kind, I highly recommend this course!
Great course. I've learnt a lot and intend to continue with the whole writing course, now that I have some time during the holidays.
Super Course with an amazing teacher. I have improved a lot because now I have a better understanding in how to structure my ideas.
It is great that they provide very concrete guidelines in how to structure story, and I think I have learned something interesting!
It inspired me to get back into writing. Very helpful for structuring your stories. I really loved the course. Thank you for this!
It gave me excellent motivation to write, lots of really good notes to keep in mind when constructing a scene and editing my work.
Brando was awesome! The course helped me learn some of the most intricate details about the Craft of the Plot. Thanks once again.
I loved this course. I still refer to it. This course has been brilliantly designed and triggers you to follow it without a stop.
I loved this course. It was very helpful and gave me a lot of insights in fiction writing. Thanks for bringing this course to us!
great way of teaching about plot. i am an amateur writer and this course gave me a detailed understanding about plot structure.
Really brilliant course.Extremely satisfying very well structured and taught in a brilliant way from the great Brando Skyhorse.
Very much enjoyed the course and the creative assignments every week! They really got me looking forward to writing every week.
Great suggestions and guidance. Challenging assignments. Helpful directions for success as a writer. What else can one ask for?
Good information and good pacing of information during session.  Enjoyed the detail and tips to help my writing develop better.
This course really helped me and i also developed the basic skills for writing and learned new concepts about fiction writing.
All the videos contain necessary information. The assignments are clear and very well structured. It is really a great course!
This course is helping me to be a good writer started with plot, and this course can improve my skills in writing in English.
Brando Skyhorse's lectures were perfect. I truly hung on every word and I feel already I am a better writer for it! Thank you
it was amazing. I wished to study more. I don't wanted to end it. Thank you so much for this opportunity you provided to me.
Very informative and the assignments are fun, thought-provoking adventures.  I'm on the next course, the Craft of Character!
I did expect teachers to review the homework, waiting for peer review is not fun, but it was a good course and I enjoyed it.
I found the videos informative and entertaining, and the exercises fun and challenging. Thank you for this engaging course!
The course was very educative and the interviewing of established writers made it more interesting and applicable to life.
I enjoyed Brando Skyhorse's lectures as well as the overall organization of the first lesson. Looking forward to the next!
This was the first Creative Writing course that I have ever taken and I thought it was fun and good a teaching the basics.
I liked the course and I think it's a very good beginning for aspiring writers, I really loved it and it helped me a lot.
First Corse of the specialization in Creative Writing. Very interesting and helpful. Can't wait to go on with the others!
Great course on how to develop plot! If you are looking for the how to specifically do it, I would recommend this course.
Fantastic lessons on how to plot. teacher was very knowledgeable and I feel very able to go to the next level in writing.
The classes are short but very clear. The development of the exercises allows the application of the acquired knowledge.
I love the course!there were lots of things to learn and share with others.thanks a lot for every thing.nice syllabuses.
I completely adored this course. It gives you the basic tools in such a way that it allows you to gain knowledge easily.
This course filled in the blanks for me as a writer.  I love the way it is delivered and presented by Brando. Thank you.
This course is what I was looking for. I wanted to learn the main aspects of story and plot structure and now I know! :)
Very well lead, clear explanations and great content. I found this course both useful and delivering to my expectations.
Very educative with the knowledge I have gained from this I feel I've come out with much more than just valuable notes.
The course gives you a step by step process into writing a plot. It was very thorough and activates the creative mind.
It was a great starting point, it really help me put my ideas in order. Brando is an amazing teacher! thank you guys.
I love the course, thank you very much for getting me to know the big picture as well as the detail of story writing!
awesome course, well structured and presented. I have learned a lot and have found it of immense value for my writing
Absolutely loved this course, it's really challenging but I learned so much right from the start. Highly recommended.
This course managed to open me up to my creative writing side after a long period of feeling blocked and being stuck.
It was very clear, nice, entertaining and it looks like the professor has lots of knowledge in the scope of writing.
A great course, I profited more from this course than from the other Creative Writing courses. Totally recommended.
I really enjoyed how the instructor broke down plot, the examples and assignments. I would definitely recommend it.
Brando Skyhorse was my favorite Professor. It was extremely helpful and will be wonderful for the capstone project.
Very helpful even if your goal is to study Math, learning how to write and use the worlds is so important in life.
Great course, it got me writing and using new strategies I hadn't before. Would recommend to any aspiring writers.
It was a great course which helped me set my pace for other courses. It also motivated me to start writting again.
All I can say is wow! I never had clarity on how to write, I now have a perspective on how to write. Thanks a lot
When I completed the first step of creative writing, I felt a huge sense of achievement and a drive to continue.
I was enjoying to do this course. I’m glad that I was chosen creative writing and I learned so much new things.
This course is enlighting, I strongly suggest that everyone interested in crafting his/her first story take it.
I thoroughly enjoyed it. I loved the heat of anxiety when i had to meet my deadlines. Phew. Thank you coursera.
Really enjoyed it. The teacher makes learning fun and interesting. Also the assignement are pretty challenging.
I watched all the videos but could not access any assignments as I took this course just for seven days trial.
This was a lot of fun to complete and the reviews made me chuckle a couple of times. Loved every minute of it!
This is a great course. Although I have an MFA in Writing already, I learned valuable skills from this course.
Step by step instructions with excellent examples of the various elements used in writing and crafting a plot.
Loved the course. The instructor has lucidly explains things at every step. I'd say, it has really helped me.
It was an excellent course, it helped me a lot with my writing skills, specially how to structure my stories,
It was a really fun course! My awaited parts are the peer reviews and when our teacher invites other authors!
I am very impressed by the course content and mentors way of teaching. so clear and very easy to understand.
I truly enjoyed this course. The information I've learned with this course is invaluable. Thank you so much.
This course has helped me level up my skills. It is the most systematic course that I have ever come across.
Excellent videos, excellent explanations and really clear instructions and examples. I'm loving this course!
It challenged me and pushed me to write!  I found the teaching very informative and enjoyed the assignments.
I have throughly enjoyed this course. Especially the interviews with authors were very inspiring. Thank you.
I was able to hone my skills in writing about story plots. I learned a lot from the videos and assignments.
I loved Brando Skyhorse! He was so relatable and unpretentious. His lessons were clear and straightforward.
Brando is a captivating speaker and gives clear instruction that has already improved my writing immensely.
Love this course. It has re-ignited my will to pursue writing again and ultimate finish a book possibly...
This course is magical! the amount of info i got is unbelievable in regard to the simplicity of lectures.
It was an amazing experience learning craft of plot. I surely recommend this course to my fellow writers.
Learned so much from this very instructive course. Fantastic lectures and great, challenging assignments.
It is a wonderful course that helped me to improve my thinking ability and imagination skills. Thank you
So many useful tips and a wonderful structure to follow when creating a plot! I enjoyed all the lessons!
Thanks to instructor Skyhorse for devising a course that is useful, yet not overwhelming to the student.
With such an incredible community and helpful engaging modules this class is a MUST for future authors!
This is a great course for someone who loves to write and is looking into starting their writing carrer
Loved it! I learned a lot about structure and character development. I can tell I improved my writing.
Thank you. I really learnt a lot and I can actually see the difference this course made in my writing.
Thank you very much! I'll go on with all the courses! It is being great! I learnt a lot with that one!
Thank you very much! I was enjoying this course and I hope that I will be enjoying all specialization.
This was an amazing experience and I will highly recommend this course to all my peers.Happy Learning
Enjoyed  the course content including the course assignments which encouraged and challenged students
It was a fantastic blend of lessons and engagement with peers, facilitated by authentic teachers too!
It was a great course for beginners! I would have liked it if it had more examples from other books.
Brando Skyhorse is an excellent teacher, and the course becomes more and more challenging as you go.
Exceptional clarity and with real life tools and inspirational, lively, all too short, presentation.
this was very helpful, I definitely learned how to improve my story structure in creative writing !
I loved this course and learned so much. I particularly liked Brando's style. Unhurried and gentle.
The course is great!!! It makes you understand what a plot actually is and how can you develop one
It is an amazing course that you definitely help you become an avant-garde writer in the long run!
I absolutely loved this class. I learned a lot and my writing is improving with every step I take.
Great! I am loving these courses and learning so much. Definitely recommend each of these courses.
Thought this more than useful in relation to plot and how conversation should move the story along
Great course for beginners and advanced writers as well, has helped me a lot improving my stories.
I learnt a lot of new things from this course and  this course helped me to write a better novel.
Being new, I felt that this course allowed for a basic education that included the needed skills.
Filled with considerations and practices that will help develop any aspiring or practiced writer.
I really liked it. It is very interesting and all the assignment are useful for learning to write
I learned so much in this course and I recommend it to anyone who's considered becoming a writer.
Wonderful course. I really liked all the chapters and the way the craft of the plot is taught. Th
Excellent course where I learned many practical concepts on how to write a good plot in a novel.
Amazing Course, I´ve learned so much and I feel ready to continue learning and be a good writer.
It's a course that is filled with abundant of great things to learn. I truly enjoyed the course.
I love these classes. I'm going to get a story submitted to a publisher this week. :) Thank you.
I am really enjoying Cousera Courses. They are very innovative and will revolutionize education.
I really enjoyed this course. I learned so much and i feel like it's helped me grow as a writer.
I love writing, and even if English is not my mother tongue this course is enjoyable and useful!
Great course! Very critical tips. Not a single unnecessary word. Huge help for novices like me.
A compelling and stimulating course to learn the basics of creative writing and plot structure,
A very nice course where you learn the essentials about writing a plot. I very much enjoyed it!
Finally! This class taught me how to plot. Something I have been trying to figure out for years
I really loved this course. The instruction was clear and quick and the assignment challenging.
Very good course. This course forced me to leave the box i had built for myself and my writing.
I found this course practical and helpful. I would highly recommend it to other novice writers.
A lot of valuable information and the assignments are just right to try to put it into practice
It was great. Very informative and I've already started the next course in the specialization.
Really great, inspiring lectures and plenty of exercises to put the theoretical into practice.
I've learned so much, but how to structure my scenes and plot in general, sticks out the most.
This class was informative and interesting.  It helped me step up my creative writing skills.
I gave 5 stars to the craft of character - because it was great, but this is even better. yay
The author or instructor of this course was a good person.  He handled everything so nicely.
Really enjoyed the course! Gave me a lot of direction and good structure for my future work.
This course was really useful and Mr. Skyhorse's way of explaining in the videos was so good
It was really helpful and gives an important basis for someone looking to get into writing.
so far best place to learn, practice, structure thoughts and stories  and uplift confidence
It has been very helpful, the sessions were well designed to help complete the assignments.
Very challenging, engaging, fun and for new writers its covers the basics. I learned a lot.
An amazing course with good video content, good treatment using assignments and reviews...
Super great! I love the Teacher and the interviews and the guidelines and hints.Thank you!
I learned a great deal and will be coming back for notes, video in the future.  Thank you!
Very detailed course. Provides resources and strategies that really help to develop skills
I have never had such capable breakdowns of plot structures and I truly benefited from it!
I enjoyed this segment, but I wish there had been more about plot structure and outlining.
It was a wonderful course where I explored the area of plot and loved it to every extent.
This class is really fun. I'm new to writing proper stories so I found it really helpful.
Very interesting, and very hard to achieve a good grade, therefore challenging. Loved it.
An excellent course, and it boosts my confidence that I can indulge in creative writing!
I loved the assignments and taking part in this course was definitely a time well spent.
Fantastic introduction to plot with lots of great examples and concrete tips to improve.
I learned a lot about writing and the importance of allowing your characters to be free.
This is an amazing course!! I loved doing it!! The course coordinator is just the best!
Very informative course. I enjoyed doing the assignments and reading my peers write ups
Great way to bump up writing skills, especially with plot development. Really enjoyed!
very good and well organized course that helped me a lot to improve my writing skills.
I learned way more than I expected. It made writing a novel seem way more manageable.
A super introduction to writing that leads, step by step, to the confidence to write.
Exception skills taught through Brando Skyhorse, which are clear and easy to follow.
Relatively easy but quite educational. May take a little time to finish peer reviews
Very simple videos to understand complex ideas. Had a whole lot of fun watching them
I love this course. It was fun, challenging and had a useful companionship dynamic.
Excellent and clear instruction; good, meaningful interaction with world community.
I enjoyed the learning process, the assignments and the rich information, Thanks :)
I learned so much about plotting from this course and it changed everything for me.
This course was truly a great learning experience, and I had a lot of fun with it.
Very informative for beginners as they try to develop and write their own stories.
Great lectures - bite size, enthusiastic instructors. Very interesting assignment.
I loved the course, so much so that I completed it way before my actual deadline.
I enjoyed focusing on the plot and learning how the structure presents the story.
I enjoyed taking this course. It was interesting and I found every module useful.
Brando's teaching style was quite engaging. I am motivated to learn more. Thanks
I learned great information and this information has earned me a lot. Thank you.
The information were really valuable. The instructor was great and very helpful.
This course got me writing after I was facing writer's block for about 6 months.
Great teacher, wonderful, vivid examples, satisfyingly challenging assignments!
The ABDCE approach opened my eyes. Now its easy for me to structure my stories.
I'm really quite liking it! It's fun and I get to be creative! Yep! Good stuff!
Fasntastic Course with Great Faculty... Thank you so much Brando Skyhorse Sir.
This course has been super helpful and insightful. The lecturers are great too
I got a lot of of this course that has really impacted my approach to writing.
Great teachers and simple explanations for complex things. I enjoyed it a lot.
amazing course. I got a a fresh, clear perspective towards better expression.
I am so happy with this course and can't wait to complete the sister courses!
Very educative. It made me realize I have been writing stories the wrong way
Love the course! I am learning so much and having fun doing it! Thank you ;)
great course... short but learnt much. Would like if it were for more weeks!
Brando is just fabulous!! I really enjoyed this course and learned so much.
I learned a lot. Useful exercises. Easy to follow. Right pace. Great value.
Perfect for those of us who don't know anything about the craft of writing.
Excellent course. I learned tools that I can apply to my writing. Thank you
Great course, doesn't take much time and you can learn a lot about writing.
Excellent course, helped me so much and gave me good ideas and inspiration.
It's a really good course which has helped me to improve my writing skills
It could have, on the last week, one professional evaluation, couldn't it?
Loved this course. I learnt a great deal. Enjoyed the feedback I received.
A humble writer and teacher, thanks for sharing everything about writing!
The course is really intereresting and I am learning a lot of new skills.
if you really want to learn Creative writing this is the best course....
I'm really happy about the things I've learned thanks of this course! :)
very interesting and easy to follow. Clear ans short videos are welcome.
Very interesting and insightful. The examples are easily understandable.
This was a fun start to learning how to write fun and engaging stories.
Love it! I learned a lot and gain much more confidence in my writting!
concrete concepts which are very useful while forming plot and editing
It has helped me achieve coherency in my thoughts while writing a plot
Interesting lectures and great professor !Loved the assignments too !
It's great course I think it's a course for beginners, It's excellent
Non-pretentious and knows what he's talking about, easy to learn from
A great course, good lectures and good tasks to help you get started.
Great course. Only accessed the course via 'audit'. Really enjoyable.
It was an amazing experience learning from professor Brando Skyhorse
Many thanks to Professor Brando Skyhorse for such a marvelous course
I like the instructor and the assignments were clear and reasonable.
Awesome course! So much fun and I learned a lot from the professors.
It helps me know what is the plot and how to build up the structure.
Better than AdvertisedEasy to understand and well explained concepts
Nice and I enjoyed and learnt something which can help me in future
Very clear content plus the opportunity to read other people’s work
Helpful for my memoir writing to consider plot and scene structures
It is a must take course for anyone starting with writing a fiction
It's very interesting and useful follow this course. I learn a lot
Understandable, flexible, collaborative, creative and free flowing
Great overview and excellent teacher. Enjoyed the points discussed
Great course, Brando is a great professor. The task are very clear
I learned a lot from this. Now, I could properly plot my stories.
Definitely gave me the confidence to move forward and learn more.
Highly recommended for people interested in the craft of writing.
Congrats fo the Teacher. Best Creative Writing course I've taken.
Great course! I definitely learned alot of valuable information.
Thanks for this initiation. I have been been benefited thank you
This course was a good introductory one for the specialisation.
Excellent course to learn the big picture about writing a story
It provided me with a new level of observation towards writing.
Love this course! It has helped my writing skills tremendously.
The structure and make-up of plot come to be better understood.
Great course! I learned a lot and I enjoyed taking the classes.
Very good learning material even for non-english native person.
This course was amazing and really taught me the craft of plot
Easy to follow and track through. Well constructed curriculum.
very helpful. thank you for this course and thanks Mr. Brando.
Wonderful! I'm really happy with all the things I've learned.
Honestly, that was so good! I'm looking forward to continue.
very addictive. makes you think writing is an easy adventure
Great course to understand the foundations of story writing.
Really helpful and I made great progress after the courses!
I would recommend this to anyone wanting to learn to write.
Just great information and technique learned in this class.
Great course and foundational skills! Enjoyed the lectures!
Excellent! I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot.
explained the nuances of writing the plot very beautifully
i have seen a tremendous improvement to my writing through
The course has been really helpful. I enjoy learning here.
Good course and instructor with well-balanced assignments.
Amazing! Extraordinary! Awesome! With lots of practice. :)
A lot of interesting information. Really happy to be here.
Great course that was very well taught by Brando Skyhorse.
Great class. Inspired me to keep at my writing. Thank you!
excellent thought provoking course. Thoroughly enjoyed it
Thank you Brando for giving me the tools to write my own.
Great course, really helped me develop my skills in plot.
I really recommend this amazing course. I learned a lot!
I learned quite a few new themes. This is a great class.
A fun course to follow, informative and easy to follow.
Very good lessons, interviews, audio and video quality.
This is simply very informative and interesting course.
Its just been the first week.... and I love it!!!!!!!!!
Brando Skyhorse is a well spoken instructor. Well done.
A wonderful course for beginners! Absolutely helpful!.
I loved every video and writing exercise. Well taught!
Super great! I have learned a lot. Highly recommended.
LOVED IT. Very practical and grounding. Inspiring too.
The best out of all the courses in the specialization.
Really liked the 21-point checklist to revise my work.
I thought this was a great class. Highly recommend it.
This is the best course I did on Coursera, Thank You!
I thought I knew till I took this course. Insightful!
Highly enjoyed this introduction to creative writing.
Its a great course. Simple, precise great and useful.
Excellent skill-building, even for the novice writer!
Awesome course, had a lot of fun! Great assignments.
excelent way to begin in the art of crafting a story
Amazing course, very informative and well presented!
Really enjoyed it and it broadened my writing skills
Thank you for this opportunity to take this course!
One of the finest course i have ever been a part of
Excellent course. Very engaging and easy to follow.
This is a life-changing course for fiction writers.
It made me do some I would not have done on my own.
Excellent course! Informative and easy to follow...
Great way to learn how to think and write and story
Probably one of the best moocs i have ever taken :)
The class is well structured and very informative.
Excellent beginning to the creative writing field.
Clear, simple, accessible to beginners .. a dream.
it was really useful for me. thanks for everything
Best way to learn about how to write a literature
Very helpful and interesting ! Thank you so much.
Excellent! Extremely well organized and helpful.
Great course and very informative. Thank you !!!
A very helpful course that presents good stuff.
this course plants more confident on my writing
The instructor and course materials were great.
It was easy to relate to and was comprehensible
Great insights on how to build a coherent story
just amazing and helpful. thank you from the <3
It's very helpful and does improve the skills.
Perfect basic information for me. Thanks a lot
Great course! I really enjoyed it. Thank you!
Organized, specific, challenging, and useful.
Very informative, with helpful peer feedback.
great class learned many things about Plot...
The course is very useful and well delivered.
Awesome for the beginner of creative writing!
I was a complete novice and I learned a lot.
Very interesting course. I've learned a lot.
Thank you a lot. This course was veryuseful.
Great course. Dr. Brando is a great teacher.
A very good course for any beginning writers
This course was a great learning experience.
Very interesting course and good advices! =)
The course was nice. I learned many things.
I really loved the course. Thanks to mentor
Very helpful course for an aspiring writer.
This course is a great learning experience
Absolutely awesome! Helped me sooooo much.
A simple and effective way to write books.
Thank you so much for this amazing course!
It is a kind of formula to creat a story.
This course helps us to understand how to
Brando Skyhorse is a fabulous instructor!
Good Course for the Learning the Plot...
It has a nice formula for creating plots
Quick, but I picked up some basic skills
Real clear and excellent for beginners!
This is an absolutely wonderful course.
easy to understand and funny Assignment
This is a great class I learned a lot.
Great course!  Great real life advice!
was a very well put course. Loved it!
Very nice course! Extremely Detailed!
Very insightful and practical advice.
Great instruction on devising a plot.
Practical, well-presented, inspiring!
This has helped me a lot in writing.
This course actually got me writing!
its the best one i ever did. truly!
Loved the course and its activities
Very useful course ... Learnt a lot
Very good concept and good learning
Great hands on the keyboard course!
Good introduction to craft of plot.
It is a good introduction to plot.
Excellent introduction. Thank you.
Learn a lot and it was challenging
Sure told me what I needed to hear
I thoroughly enjoyed this course!
A very useful course. I liked it.
Thanks. It was a nice experience.
Great course, I've learned a lot!
Worth seeing this amazing course
Very interesting and educational
Excellent, great info. Loved it.
It is a well-structured course.
so aspirational and practical !
I truly recommend this course.
Learned a lot with this course
Thanks Professor, Learned alot
Very clear and you learn a lot
This was a great experience!!
Ideal on the creation of plot
Thank you! That was exciting.
Great Course, very pragmatic.
Thank you! I learned so much.
Really professional and fun!
Constructive and Insightful
I am enjoying this course.
Interesting and practical.
Very useful and inspiring.
Very good lessons to learn
Great start on the course.
A lot to learn. Fantastic
A worthwhile experience!
Well taught, inspiring.
Short and to the point.
Really a great course!
Really Amazing Course!
really good organized!
Really well-organized
Highly well designed
I have learnt a lot.
it is awsome course
This is priceless.
is really  useful
very cool course
great lesson to
A helpful one
ENJOY IT!!!
Eceptional
