Unfortunately this course isn't what I expected it to be. First off, there's too much pressure to join Social Psychology Network for a fee. You're constantly reminded of how much better the assignment would be better if you tried it on the network and you'd gain a lot more from the course by joining on there and utilizing the resources available on that website. Secondly, I did think there was way too much emphasis on research methods and findings. Albeit I have only completed 2 weeks of the course, perhaps my comments are a bit premature. Nevertheless, I believe the course description ought to be revised, as there's more emphasis on various researches throughout history and the methods of those researches, as opposed to understanding "why we do  what we do" as stated in the course description.
You have to make a profile or upload your cv and post comments in the forum in order to take your certificate. I am not finishing the course because of that. I think these kind of stuff should be optional.
i can´t make the quiz and they always telling you to be part of the Social Psychology Network by making a contibution.
This course is at first good but for final exam it became a disaster. There is no feedback. I couldn't learn the correct or even the wrong answers. Every question had a trick. This is not an educational system. It made me stressed for 3 days. But I just wanted the learn the Social Psychology. As a psychology student I can clearly say that this is unfortunately not enough.
Everything was good until the final exam.  I tried many times to pass it.  Every time I was able to retake the exam, it would give me the same score, a 60.  After trying many times, I decided to choose all answer d's.  It still gave me a 60.  I tried answering all answer a's . . . still same score.  The class is over and I cannot get my certificate and it says that it is "still in progress" but when I click on the course it says class is done re-enroll or reset your deadlines.  I completed everything in that class on time and passed everything but the final as it must have cliched on me and will not register a new score.  You can't get a hold of anyone to help you.  This is beyond frustrating.  DO NOT RECOMMEND!
I abandoned the course because I found the first task extremely complex and useless for my learning (I am not interested in research methodology).
peer review does not work for anyone. on what ground can student review something they just learned, un-enrolling
Social Psychology is a field of study that has no concern for ethics. It deeply disturbes me.
It is too difficult for me to submit answers to a https site I don't know how to do. I quit.
cant able to pass the first assignment , i think there is some problem in the software
dissapointing because i cant attend the quiz without joining in a spn membership
the questions are not visible form the first assignment itself.
There is no option to unenroll  this the main disadvantage
Complicated assingments will end with uncompleted course.
Proceeds from a faulty Weltanschuaang.
1st assignment is not work for submit
my all quiz is lock
no interactive
Can't Unenroll
very difeclt
Asking to pay more. Also, I care about the my privacy. I do not want to make a profile page or sending some of my resumes.
The week one assignment won't ask me a question to finish the assignment. I've done all four tutorials, but there is no where to answer any question and I keep getting that I didn't finish the assignment. VERY frustrating. It is not working on YOUR end.
Didn't like it. Too much Social, very little psychology.Platform was good tho, many external resources but the content in my opinion is someway biased into social comment.I recommend it only if you're really into social type careers.
The contents of the course are absolutely terrific, but the technical support is terrible; quizzes are not visible, and it is simply not possible to participate in the requisite class activities.
It dis not wok for me at the first assignment the links didn't work and I did not understand what I have to do. I contacted the forum and the response wasn't useful.
More of an advertisement than a course.
Exam needs to improve the results
I don't get most of the lesson.
Confusing
Course started very strong and enjoyable. Weeks 1,2, and 3 very good. Week 4 pointed out (to me at least) the manipulative aspects of social psychology. I felt I was being pushed into a particular viewpoint. The week 4 video was troubling. Did not like being pressured into a viewpoint  Week 6 was similarly disconcerting. Week 7 exam difficult but fair. Be sure to study.
This is the first time I
feel not getting any valuable information from a course provided by Coursera.
Therefore, I would like to be unenrolled from this course. It is, for sure,
beneficial for other students, but sadly not for what I seek. I am sorry.
Things were going well until they got the Stanford Prison Experiment, this has been exposed as a fraudulent experiment and turned me off the credibility of the course
The material seems very interesting, but the format of the assignments is not for me (submitting my cv, discussions with peers etc).
I'm not specialized in medical or psychological studies, and I found the course and the exam difficult especially because the technical words that are not standard to me, and a little because the language. I had to remember all new words and avoid misunderstanding of the questions (tricky questions to me) and I had to review several times the documentation (especially the lectures) to pass the final exam, but finally is done. The videos are well done and the teacher is special in keeping the level of attention. Probably the course is well done for people already in the psychology field and terms, but is very hard for people at zero level for self education.
The instructor is clearly very motivated! I learned a lot of superinteresting things that actually help in real-life. I have to say that the course is more work than usual on Coursera - but it was more than worth it!
A very challenging but brilliant course.
Really interesting, but sometimes a little bit diluted. A flooding of Videos and Chats designed to sum up some important concepts. Maybe a more structured approach could be useful to learn in a faster way. That's to say: definition, expaining, examples, critics. discussions.  However it's worth the chance of interacting via forum and Other tools granted to students. Topics are well structured, and teacher speaks very well, with the correct pace and the right "empathy". By using his videos, prof. Plous invites people to a deep reflection, avoiding Learning "by heart". In other words, Always comparing theory to what happens in the real world.
This is probably my favourite and most insightful course out of all the coursera courses I'd taken. Please take the course seriously and try to do as much as you can (I'd seen some students only submitting 1-2 paragraphs when we need to write and elaborate on more points), I find this very beneficial to me not just as a certification but also mentally and emotional to understand myself and people more. Learning all this would also tells you that a lot of psychology is link together! I would recommend taking down notes (I'm using oneNotes), as you would need to refer to past lessons over your assignment for applications and reference!
It´s a very good course, with very helpfull videos and lesson. The professor and material are very, very good. However, my only concern is about the exercices and the last test. I believe they need to be align, because weeks exercice does´n prepare us to the last test. The rest of the course is excelent.
Great coure with a lot of relevant information especially for the current state of the world. I have taken two other courses and can say the mentors in this course are the best (no mentor response from the other courses). I think updating the times to complete each week (especially the readings) would be advised. I am a native English speaker and it took me twice as long to do the readings and take notes in both lectures and readings (which is recommended for review before the exam). It would beneficial to receive feedback on the exam to know what we got incorrect, even if this happens after we pass. Again, STRONG kudos to the mentors!!!
Loved the course! Never thought online learning could be so much fun
This is my first online course and I think taking course online takes a lot of self discipline, time management and planning. This works well for me now during this pandemic lock down. The experience is rather fun and I made a shift in my mind at 2nd week in order for me to "catch up" with the lectures and reading (a lot of reading, I must say!). I can't really comment much on the content as I do not think a 6 weeks course gonna make me a psychologist-wannabe, its more like a stir-my-interest kind of course and it does give me a lot to chew and ponder.Assignments are not very difficult, peer grading is pretty  interesting. Exam can be a tough cookie. Other than that, I had enjoyed the course. Saw some reviews stating privacy issue and hard sell of SPN - hey, the choice lies in YOUR hand - you can still complete the course without compromising your privacy or joining SPN.Thank you to Prof Plou, staff mentors, assistants and behind the scenes personnel who make this course possible for all of us who make it till the end. ;)
Although the course was interesting - many topics were thought-provoking. I, in fact, enjoyed the course. However, to be transparent and honest here, there seemed to be some biases involved in addressing certain topics and that it felt like those ideas were pushed to be just accepted. An example was the topic on homosexuality and transgender where, instead of addressing the causes for such occurrences (e.g. sexual harassment and rape can cause such tendencies), the way it was addressed seemed biased. They suggested "biological evidence" when, in actuality, scientifically speaking, there have been many studied that suggested otherwise. In other words, at best, there is no enough evidence to make that claim, that is, homosexuality or transgender tendencies are not necessarily supported by biological evidence.
This is a great course - mostly engaging and fun! And, it does answer many of the questions posed in the course description about how we perceive and are perceived by the world around us. The only challenge was with the peer-graded assignments. For a couple of assignments including the 'Day of Compassion Essay', the review criteria could be clearer as there is great variation in how reviewers interpreted some of the criteria. Even so, this was a valuable experience, and i am grateful for the new tools with which to assess life's varied experiences. You will have to work hard, but it's worth it! Kudos and thanks to the professor and teaching staff.
I loved the course, I think that Dr. Plous planned this information very carefully. The only thing that has happened to me is that there must be a bug in the last quiz because cannot get a different grade from the one I've had since the beginning of 62% which is 31 correct answers. I even tried on the smartphone but still the same grade, This issue has happened to several students and the mentors just replied that you needed to study, it's been almost a month from now that I had tried repeatedly but no one answered to me, I thank you very much!. Good Day!
This course provided excellent content and Professor Plous was very engaging. I've had online course experience previously as an instructor and as a student, and I was very impressed with how interactive and innovative this course was considering the scale of the course and the fact that the lectures aren't live. I found the assignments and online discussions to be especially fun and applicable, though I found the final to be a bit more nuanced and disappointing in that regard. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this course!
Very interesting topics but this is a course that requires dedication, time and lots of studying. I was hoping for a more entry-level/introductory course, but this turned out to be a big undertaking. However, pleased I signed up for it. Professor Plous was amazing, the videos and materials have all been informative and the overall course setup was great.
The course is really interesting to take even for people who are not in the field of psychology. it will give you a lot of tools to understand yourself and others. The way Professor Scott Plous gave the course is very entertaining and compassionate, it added a lot of value to the content and overall message of the course. Highly recommend!
This course had a profound effect on me in many ways. I really enjoyed the learnings and some of the videos shared. I also enjoyed how it carefully wove in greater concepts of changing the world towards the end. My only downside feedback is that some of the video segments can be too long at times.
I loved the course, it was very interesting and extremely useful to cover a lot of knowledge on social psychology. However, I wish the assignments would be reviewed by people who actually have some knowledge on social psychology rather than peer to peer as I have not gained any valuable feedback.
The course is precisely interactive and well adjusted towards the positive development of an individual.  The proper functioning of the variation in the assignments and the evaluation can lead the course to a total of five stars. The rest is worth appreciation and worth performing the course.
A lot of awesome material was provided, but it was a little tricky jumping back and forth between the different resources.  Also like being able to do courses on the phone through the app when I have some time on the go, but the majority of this course required a computer or tablet.
The course overall was great, very insightful videos and the readings were a spot on complement to the videos. The assignments were a good way to implement the learnings as well. Perhaps some more quizzes along the course might be a good idea to do checkpoints of acquired knowledge.
I loved this course! I learned so many things from taking this class and I’m glad that I’ve successfully completed the course. One thing I noticed is that in the final exam study guide, there were terms that we hadn’t discussed in the course, but this was a good course overall!
A very interesting course.   Material are well prepared. Thank you Profession Plous and his team to make a highly interactive content.    Even though some of readings include lots of research findings that take time to digest, they are highly application to our daily life.
Though I personally liked the course, it should be kept in mind that not everyone that makes this course will be a social psychologyst, maybe not even a psychologyst at all! Don't assume that everyone will use Social Psychology Network.
I really liked the course and that Prof. Plous explains many different studies. This makes the topic even better to understand. I personally didn't like the peer assignments. Some students did not offer valuable feedback.
It was an excellent course, excellent Professor. Just the final exam is a bit nerve racking, especially if you do not study like you should. So make sure you study, take pleeenty of notes and go for it!
It's totally a world opener for me. I have learned lots of new, fresh and useful stuffs from here. Eventhough, there's a lot to read as well as the quizz is quite hard. It's worth to take the course!
Social Psychology is an amazing subject which every person must know. I personally liked the way in which the module has been designed. Thank you Professor Scott Plous for the beautiful module.
This course had helped me in critical thinking, developed my social interaction, and enhanced me to be better in social expectations. Thanks to Professor Pious and every other lecturer.
For me, this course is hard enough because of an amount of interesting content, and it's great. But for me the second part of the course very differs from the first, so be ready too.
The professor is very engaging, there's a lot of videos and reading material available in the course, there  is a lot of insight to be gained from taking the course.
This course will give you a lot to think about and discuss with your friends! Thoroughly enjoyed it although there were moments when it got a little boring
it was a great learning experience. I would like to appreciate Professor Scot for the way the course was designed and conducted..... GREAT!!!!!!
Very Good. Excellent teaching from Scott.Would definitely recommend to anyone would like to go in depth into a human thinking and behavior.
I personally will prefer this course as it is enjoyable to learn but yes at the time the exams are really top so go through it properly.
helps me to know myself and others too without being judgmental. Also the professor explains very clearly of each and every topic.
The professor is excellent. The effort he has put is commendable. Thanks, Coursera! You are better than many on-campus courses.
Nice course giving an insight into the various daily occurrences and their relation with psychological theories.
It is a good course. It is very simple  to do and you will understand all tough lessons with simple experiments
it was a GOOD COURSE. Informative and easy to grasp. the assignments were very thought provoking and fun.
It was a great course. I learnt a lot but the videos were too long to watch. It made me tired a bit.
Very very very interesting lessons with a serious final exam.Many thanks to prof. Plous
Great course!! I've learned so much! I plan to apply some of the knowledge in my life.
Great course indeed. Thank you Wesleyan University and specially Prof. Scott Plous.
Great course with a lot of interesting info and with a very nice and funny teacher.
A very fun and interactive course with lots of interesting things to learn about.
gud we can learn alot from this am to planing to study social psychology
opens a different to thinking and a better approach to the daily world
I had great experience with course when I was learning this course.
Very interesting course! Lots of topics and amazing informations
The course was awesome. But the finals are really hard to pass.
I learned so much in this course! Thank you, Professor!
A lot of material and one very difficult last exam.
A lot of work but a lot to learn in a fun way!
A Great course with interactive sessions
Extremely well made and informative.
Such an amazing course... Loved it.
Enjoyed very much, would recommend
Very interesting course to me.
Nice overview of the field.
It is useful to learn
it is useful coures
that's interesting
This was the best MOOC I have every done...and I have undertaken quite a number over the past few years. I find that, in many cases with MOOCS, the treatment of the subject is rather superficial. Not so here. The videos were really interesting, there was a substantial amount of reading directly related to each one and both covered the topics in some depth. I feel that I was really challenged in getting to grips with some of the concepts and I enjoyed this. The final exam, I found to be really testing and therefore passing on the first attempt provided a real sense of achievement. Overall the learning was very practical and I will be able to use this effectively in my daily interactions. Scott’s total commitment to his discipline came across loud and clear and this was an extra motivating factor for me. Only one suggestion for improvement. It would have been ideal to have had a short check-up quiz at the end of each week. This would have confirmed understanding of the topic for that week and would have provided some preparation for the final exam.
I loved this course. It covered all the topics I was interested in and was thoroughly engaging and well-organised. Professor Plous is a great teacher and has designed a wonderful course in this MOOC.
I have taken hundreds of courses over the years of my professional life.. I only remember very few of them which influenced me. However this course has been the only one which makes me remember the different dimentions that the right, the wrongs might have and Life is only beautiful and bearable if we respect different perspectiives and  recognize the impacting dimensions. Therefore I thank to all who contributes to deliver it  including Prof Plous, Teaching Staff . all mentors and the technical teams behind the scenes.  So I highly recommend this courtse.
Probably one of the best course I have taken! Made me think and question - myself and things around me. Recommended no matter what your background - there is something useful that you'll take away!
This has been the most engaging, interesting, and thought-provoking course I have ever taken on Coursera. Thank you Professor Plous and all of your colleagues who helped make this course possible!
I feel like taking time to rate this course the deserving 5 Star score. The professor is such a credible person and heads the biggest network of Psychology- SPN. The material provided is worth more than 70,000 Indian rupees. Thank you for making this available for no cost.
Such an amazing course, the professor was brilliant and made lots of effort to help the learners have a fun, interactive time while learning. Would very highly recommend this course.
Professor Plous has made this course interesting with a number of additional videos, Ted talks and snapshot quiz. It is one of the best courses that I have taken on Coursera.
It was my first course, which I took just because of curiosity during my quarantine. I havent expected much, but I gained a lot. Very nice course, with a lot of additional stuff like articles, chapters from interesting books, etc. Everything was explained well. Assesments were really interestings and funny to do. There are a lot of topics covered in this course, with huge amount of materials. I am more curious about social psychology more than before this training. I fully recommend the course, it was really well done. Thx to professor Plous who created this course.
The course is amazing! Professor Plous has created very engaging content. I highly recommend the course for anyone ! I think this material should be taught in schools as a required course.
I LOVED taking this course! Professor Plous is amazing and I enjoy the way he teaches things that could be very dark or discouraging with such lightheartedness and congeniality. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone and I am sad that it has come to an end. The information that was presented was so intriguing and thought provoking and has already had an impact on my personal relationships and the way that I see people. I wasn't going to join the SPN, but now that the class is over I want to because I am really going to miss this class and the information!
Great course! Very relevant, relatable and applicable in life. Understanding these topics is so important to understand ourselves and the society we live in. I wish schools would incorporate this! It was fun interacting with the other students as well through the discussion forums and the assignments. The snapshot quiz was a great way to realise our thinking at the start and how it changed throughout the course. Well done and thank you for creating this course for people to access and learn. Thank you Professor Plous and everyone who has contributed!
It is one of the best courses in Coursera, that is why I give it 5 stars. It is easy to follow and covers a lot of social psychology topics. It is also a very interesting social experiment, as we are evaluated by our peers, and some subjects may tackle some of our nerves :). I really recommend it to EVERYONE. It doesn't matter if you are into Social Psychology or not. Unless you live isolated, this course is for you!
This is easily the best course I've taken on Coursera. Scott Plous is a wonderful instructor with a great voice to listen to, who does everything to make the lectures interesting and engaging. The course content is also highly interesting for anybody new to social psychology. An absolutely amazing course which has sparked my interest for psychology. Thank you, Mr. Plous.
The course has been unbelievable, I have known a lot about myself and I have identified the path I want to follow for my studies. Many thanks to the entire team of the course and Prof. Plous.
Social Psychology by Wesleyan University is a good
course for anyone who wants to get a start into this subject matter.  The Materials are A+, and the
Lecturer has a strong, impressive background. You will also get to interact with
the ‘Giants’ of Social Psychology, i.e. the thought leaders who have gone down in history through their pioneering
studies. Equally, you will get to mix with students from a wide variety of
cultures and backgrounds from around the globe.I would suggest that when you go into this course go fully prepared that
you will need to put in the effort, do
not rush through the materials as the concepts and studies are many and you will come out a better person for your input. One thing I assure you- you will have fun.
Learning so much and I'm only in week 1. It's untangled and clarified some of my own experiences and interactions in such an easy format with relevant and informative resources.
By far the best course I've taken on Coursera. Well-structured course content, substantial material and super engaging instructor! Strongly Recommend!
Have not finished the course yet, but excellent content and activities from Prof Plous, brought with a very passionate and funny style.
Very interesting course, tons of great material.  Of all the courses I have taken so far in Coursera, this is one of the few that has pushed me to focus on the material we were going over-great course.
To be honest, i started this course thinking it would be a good revision for the social psych paper i had in one of my semesters in my psychology honours course but it took a beautiful turn when i started the course. Course Instructor- Prof. Scout Plous is an excellent teacher. For each topic he explains  in very simple ways with examples and reseaarch findings.Course Materials- The videos are of excellent quality with top-notch study materials from books,videos and researches. there are videos from the real experiments and of some eminent personalities. everything is very interesting,engaging and informative.Who can take the course? Everyone. after i completed the course i realised anybody who wants to know why people in general do what they do can take this course.Assignments/Quiz- One of the things i loved about the course is it's assignments.They are very engaging, makes sure one is thorough with the study materials as all the assignments are usually where we have to apply them while doing it. The assignments are fun and a great learning experience. there is one quiz at the end covering all the topics and with average difficulty level.I read in some comments before starting the course that there is pressure to join the "social psychology network" for a fee so i was a bit skeptical, but on taking the course i dont think there was a pressure, more of a suggestion and there are always alternatives present which one can choose. even if one does not join the network they can access the the materials from the website which is really cool. The people who buy the social psychology course on coursera infact doesnot have to pay to join the network as its free for them.This course was an experience,one of the best learning journeys.
I would
like to express my gratitude to Professor Scott Plous and his team for creating
such an extraordinary course. I also want to thank him, Coursera, the authors
& copyright holders and all those who have allowed to make this course
widely available at no cost to students worldwide. Great care
has been evidently taken in designing this course and in preparing the various
lectures. The content has been carefully built as well as the process. I can
only imagine the amount of work needed to create all the excellent visuals that
provide a rich background to the narration, which itself is already very
compelling. The course is clear, practical as well as evidenced-based. Prof.
Scott Plous combines multiple qualities in his teaching including rigor and
clarity together with humor, sensitivity and nuance. The
possibility to see original photos and videos such as the Milgram video add to
the richness of the learning experience. I appreciate Professor Plous’s
perseverance in soliciting the necessary authorizations to make this happen. By making
Social Psychology widely available through this unique course, Professor Plous
helps to raise our individual and collective consciousness, enabling us to more
effectively play our part in making this world a better place for all.
Professor Plous is an excellent teacher. He is never complacent. He provokes his students and evokes original thinking. He has a cute sense of humor and uses it to inspire interest in the course. He is always cheerful and spreads the joy around! Therefore so many of his colleagues come around to support him in this course with bonus videos and discussions etc. He is a huge networker and believer in group/team spirit. You can see that by the number of organizations that have come together on his social psychology website platform. He is definitely not a lone player and would be a great political person in Washington encouraging everyone to give their best and spreading positivity in the White House, that is if he wants that role!! :-) So much for the review of the course.!!!! Actually, the course taught much more than I expected, and it was splendid because learning was made easy and pleasurable by the team. THANK YOU!
Best course I've ever taken on Coursera. I never thought that I would be upset when I completed this course. Learning Social Psychology is the best choice I have ever made this year.
这门课是我在Coursera上修过的最好的网课。我从没想过完成这门课程后会甚至会感到有点难过。学习社会心理学是我今年做出的最棒选择。  

I really thank Professor Scott Plous for giving us such a wonderful course. I am a law student and am going to study my Master's degree in law. This course of Social Psychology significantly changed my way of thinking about legal issues. I am grateful!!! And I have recommended this course to many friends!
我真的非常感谢Scott Plous教授为我们提供了这么精彩的课。我本人其实是一名法律专业的学生，马上​​要去念法律硕士了。这门社会心理学课程极大地改变了我对法律问题的思考方式。我很感激！！！我已经向很多朋友安利了这门课程！

I wish Professor Scott Plous can give us more courses related to Social Psychology, or social norm, or anything! I will be the first one to enroll.
我希望Scott Plous教授可以给我们提供更多有关社会心理学或社会规范的课程！到时我肯定会第一个报名的！
The course is very engaging and well-prepared. This is coupled with a content that is truly interesting and practical. The explanations are thorough and easy to understand even if you don't have a Psychology background. I can binge-watch the videos without feeling bored at all. One of the best MOOCs I've taken so far.I've seen some concerns about joining the SPN network which is not required at all although you will be encouraged to join. In submitting the resume, too, you are not required to disclose true information. I easily finished the course without joining the SPN network, and I changed the details in my resume assignment so that it wouldn't reveal personal information.
This has been one of the most challenging courses I have ever taken in Coursera. The course is well done, It is not too difficult but It requires time and complete dedication. Reading is a must to complement Professor Scott lectures, sometimes It could be hard to complete all the assignments, but this is how we learn a lot about the field. Professor Scott Plous is brilliant and a good communicative person, he is a great teacher. I am glad to be part of this amazing course, I am a research assistant in public policy and economics, but since now I will include all the social psychology knowledge I got in this course to face social problems. Grettings from Colombia. Bye :)
Professor Scott Plous taught the course with great enthusiasm. This Social Psychology course will help you know yourself more and will also help you better interact with the people around you. There's so much support from mentors and other learners while learning the topics together. After the course, you'll see the world on a different perspective! Thank you Professor Plous and Wesleyan University!
Mucho más completo de lo que esperaba. Un gran trabajo el realizado por Scott Plous y su equipo, a quienes quedo muy agradecido por toda la información que ofrecen y cómo han diseñado el recorrido de aprendizaje.Much more complete than I expected. A great job done by Scott Plous and his team, to whom I am very grateful for all the information they offer and how they have designed the learning tour.
It was a really wonderful experience and I very much loved being a part of this class. This has really helped me better understand myself and the people around me. I am especially thankful to Scott Plous who has been such a great instructor and kept me really engaged in the course video lectures! It has been a wonderful journey thank you to everyone that has made this course available to me! :)
I feel like I've rediscovered the pleasure of learning and I haven't enjoyed a course this much in years (or dare I say ever). I almost felt sad when the course was nearing completion. This is the kind of course everyone should take, regardless of their work domain.
It was indeed a very good initiative course... I look forward to being part of many such courses in the future. The mentor of the course excelled in making layman like me to understand it from the core.  Loved learning new concepts.
Professor Plous made me understand the lessons because he explained well all the lessons, and he provided enough information about the Social Psychology. More power to Coursera and Professor Plous :)
very interesting subjects and very helpful in explaining surrounding most experienced human behaviors, it's easy to reschedule course assignments dues , it was my pleasure to attend this course
Social Psychology is an amazing subject which every person must know. I personally liked the way in whcih the module has been designed. Thank you Professor Scott Plous for the beautiful module.
One of the best course. Extraordinary study materials, communication, dialect. I'm not from a psychology field but I understood each and every explaination. Do it once in your lifetime.
An amazing course! This is a must for every individual regardless of age, professio or any other social status.
Super, I loved this course and I am so happy that I choose this course for my personal grooming
I got my certificate completing my course with 96% of accomplishment. I am so excited and happy to achieve this step and just from the first attempt. Before the course, I was alien to the social psychology field, even though it had attracted me much. I am a political observer, and after a while of being in this field, what I found to myself my work doesn't satisfy me in its evident form. Policy, economy and culture - the fields linked to people,  need a psychological approach. Trying to find answers to all inconspicuous through social psychology, we can actually understand the reasons standing behind the hidden curtains. There are a lot of problems that need different approach precisely by exploring the psychological factors. Our world is a picture of our thoughts. If we people feed our thoughts and feelings with hatred and offence we will cultivate villainy and atrocity. Unfortunately, we are aware of our fundamental essence what is created by God. I cordially believe in one person's power. I believe in one step, in one opinion, in one insight and in one perception. A building is starting from one brick. We are all humans that one brick of colossal construction. I summarised what I have read and watched throughout this course, that helped me a lot in constituting my life roadmap, came to the conclusion that actually all researches are based on the principle of one man and one decisive step. It was a miracle journey to my inner me, my self-world.  I warmly thank Prof. Scott Plous for his comprehensible and smooth style of narrating and rich sources presented for student's use. I recommend this course to all who wants either discover to understand "Who am I?" or predispose to make a significant and salient step in their life. My sincere respect and best wishes to Prof. Plous and all Coursera staff! Thank you for such a fantastic journey :) Best regards, Afsana Ibad Mammadova
This course turned out be very different from my expectations, and I liked it! It appears that Professor Plous did his best to make the course really entertaining, with his humour emerging within videos. He has also included a diverse range of resources, ranging from his own SPN to various TEDTalks and talks by other professors (not to mention documentaries! I love it when they are included in a class). The assignments really challenged me- a few months ago (before starting the course) I would never have thought I could finish them, and I might not have signed up for the course had I known what the assignments were *nervous laugh*. But I'd like to encourage you to try it out, not the least because the Coursera community is very kind and encouraging. I have come out with an appreciation for social psychologists, research, and awareness of my own shortcomings and biases, along with what an impact I can have, even on my own. If you've got loads of free time and an interest in psychology, why not give it a try? I highly doubt you'd walk away from this course with a "meh".
This is an excellent course which I really enjoyed studying. Prof. Scott Plous is a wounderful man. His way of explanation is amazing. The speed of the videos is just perfect for me since English is not my native language. His accent is very clear to me. I love his videos and I have repeated viewing some of them more than once. As a retired manager I had enough time for the study. However, once I start at 8:00 am I got stuck on my seat enjoying this course till 3:00 pm. I only move for human needs. What is amazing is that the material is not only academic; it is real life.  While watching the video you mind also goes to the reality in your own life. Honestly, this course make a difference in my life and I hope it will reflect on my dealings with others within the family and outside. I love the Day of Compassion. It is a brilliant idea. Big and very big thank you to prof. Scott and his team for this second to none course. Student: Salah Babiker
This is my first online course and I've learned a lot plus you'll have free certificate after the course. Prof. Plous is a great teacher, he will explain all the topics clearly and he's also a funny professor which is a big help to lighten up the mood when you feel like you are drowning from the tons of learning, videos, readings. The assignments and tasks were challenging I thought I would not end up completing this course because it somewhat requires you to think deeply or in critical way but after submitting my entry for every tasks or assignments I felt happy and proud to myself until I completed this course.  This course is indeed a complete package because it has different references, lectures, videos, pdfs, and an excellent professor.  I loved this course. It covered all the topics I was interested in and was thoroughly engaging and well-organised. Professor Plous is a great teacher and has designed a wonderful course in this MOOC.
The course of social psychology at the University of
Wesleyan,  in the group of Professor
Scott Plus, was a wonderful experience for me, offered me the opportunity to explore new skills
and gain new knowledge.The video lectures and the
offered literature were at a very high level, above all professional and
interesting.I had the opportunity to learn interesting and useful things
that I hope will be useful in my life for the benefit of all.Involvement in the process of personal growth and
development improves the life of each individual in each field such as
spiritual upgrading, improving the attitude towards oneself and others, quality
family life, professional development and more.Many thanks to Professor Scott Plus and his team for their
hard work. Thanks to all the visitors of the course, with some we have already
made a small contact and exchanged views on the discussion forum.
It was, probably, the hardest and time-consuming course on Coursera that I took. But it was enlightening, indeed :) Usually, one must spend a 1-2 calendar days for each Coursera's week. Thus, if the course consists of 7 weeks, you can expect to take 7-14 days to complete it.But not for this course. It took 30 days for me to pass it and it was a time well spend. The course contains many readings, such as entire chapters from psychology textbooks, and many documentaries. Also, there will be a lot of links to optional readings and videos, which I recommend taking., despite that it will consume a significant amount of time.The first week was boring one and I almost decided to leave the course, but other weeks were fascinating, thus I became a course fan at the end :)I bet you'll spend a lot of time with friends discussing what you learned on the course.
Amazing course! By far the best course I've done. Prior to the course I was interested in psychology in more general way, as it's important part of my life as an athlete and a coach. So I started the course with a vague knowledge of psychology and I was curious about what I can learn that will be useful for me in my life. Fast forward 7 weeks, I have just completed the course, I have enrolled to a University to study Social Psychology and I am looking for new career opportunities. The course helped to ignite and grow my passion for psychology and how society can use it to make our world a better place. Big thank you to Coursera and especially professor Scott Plous. It's been an entertaining, useful and all along awesome journey that has changed my life already and helped me adjust the direction of my future life.
Professor Plous is an excellent lecturer. I learned a lot. If you're undecided, take thew course.  My main frustration is that there is no further course to take for which this course might be a prerequisite. The final quiz was harder than I expected. My counterfactual thinking has me studying a bit more. But not really. The course was valuable for me because it increased my understanding and undermined some of my previous "common-sense" beliefs. Yet the final quiz required more; it sometimes required me to know the names of researchers and the terms they used. I should have read the glossary (which I forgot to do). But even if I had read the glossary and memorized terms and names, I would forget all of them within a few weeks, I hope the concepts stay with me. I think they will. And I don't care about the grade.
It was an interesting course. It helped me to learn new information about social psychology I haven't known before. I appreciate the way of wording by professor Scott Plous. It was easy to understand him. The information was provided in all of the possible forms: lectures, a written script of the lectures, additional movies and interviews, reading materials. Also, all the assignments were practically oriented, it helped a lot in memorizing new information. Also, it was interesting to participate in discussions on forums, share my own opinion about this or that subject and learn others' opinions. Thank you, everyone, who worked on this course. I certainly recommend taking this course if you're interested in social psychology in general or want to know any certain moment of social dynamics.
This is my first online class. I like it and completed the 6 weeks student. I am so proud.  Psychology is a topic which i am interested and try to take a class for so long, but I did not have a chance/ motivated enough to do so (I do not need any certificate for my career). Covid-19 changed our life, but it did gave me the chance/ made me to attend this class.  The classes were really interesting, and fun in the most of the time. I can see how much efforts Prof. Plous had put in. I did learn so much from the past 6 weeks. it was worth my time and effort. Thank you so much!!  I wish I could be your student to attend more fun class and learn more from you. For Coursera, the program was nice and went through smoothly to me. Your program made my dream came  true. Thanks a lot!
The Course was super incredible! All the weeks assigned lectures, reading and assignments were put forth systematically. It was an extremely engaging course! The weekly assignments and the final exam were not just theoretical but more application based. All the concepts were completely relatable through which it was easier to understand. All the moderators and students as well were very active in the discussion forums which gives way in obtaining a world perspective. The option of resetting the deadlines were also given incase we ran too late in the weekly work. At the end of each day I felt so happy and pleased to be doing this course!  I'm really glad to have completed the course successfully! It was worth taking. Thanks!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! What I learned is immediately applicable and useful in my life, both personally and professionally. There were a lot of "ah-ha" moments! during this course; it was like working on a puzzle of what makes people do what they do. Professor Plous made the course enjoyable and approachable. The Coursera platform is user friendly and easy to navigate. Even though it is an "On-Demand" course with no formal classroom interactions, the Discussion Forum served as real-time interactions with other students from around the world - it is a great feature of the class. Regardless of your profession or personal situation, if you interact with other human beings, this course will be beneficial to you.
From the moment I started this course to the very end, the interesting lectures and reading materials motivated me to learn more about social psychology. I sincerely thank Professor Plous, the various mentors and the supportive peers in this course for making it such a wonderful experience. I have certainly learned a lot from this course and how I can improve my thoughts and actions. However, this course requires quite a lot of time in terms of reading and understanding some concepts, so if you are taking this course, be prepared to put in a lot of time and effort. If you are willing to put in the hard work, I am sure that this course will be a great experience and will help you to become a better person!
A marvelous course to follow. The lectures are funny and interesting and the concepts that are covered can be applied to one’s daily activities instantly. Most certainly you will have the “so that’s why people behave like this” or “that’s what I do as well” feeling. The topics that are covered are a nice selection of the more popular subjects and well-known social psychological experiments. Professor Plous has gone through great lengths to make the course as interactive, versatile and interesting as possible. Kudos to the mentors in the forums as well. Questions are answered instantly, and the discussions add to the overall course experience. Highly recommended.
Such a pleasure sharing this course with brilliant people from around the world. Special thanks to the mentors, direct and indirect collaborators, Coursera team and Scott Plous for making this possible. I'll never forget the time I spent studying so many interesting and useful things; my main goal is to apply those contents to my research and, mostly, to my daily life. This course is much more about sharing and changing than anything else: as you all shared with me, it is now my duty to share with other people in order to spread ideas that can change the world to a better place! This is the best way I can express my gratitude. Once again: thank you all!
This course was the best course so far for me ! The content, the readings , the way the course flows in a neat order , the unique and challenging assignments and of course our instructor Dr.Scott Plous , everything was brilliant , makes me wanna visit Wesleyan University at least once. This was my first psychology course and it exceeded my expectations and to be honest , I learnt a LOT , and I enjoyed the lectures , the discussion forums , and the subject itself . Social psychology is an amazing course ! And I’m glad I took this course !!! Thank you to all the people who worked hard to deliver this knowledgeable course to us . Thanks !
I am very happy, it was a great experience for everything, meeting such a bright, smiling, very professional person, a being of light like Professor S. Plous and having contact with many people in the world, it is wonderful. The excellent theme was very playful and it was socialized in an understandable way with clear examples, as it progressed it was like having that anxiety of knowing that there was more to learn, the truth did not want it to never end, they keep the student animated and curious . I congratulate all of the Coursera group, excellent human beings and professionals. A big hug from Colombia, I will not forget you.Sofía
This has been an exciting and insightful learning journey since I completed my Masters in 2014! I have a natural love of and interest in why people do the things they do and until this course, had not thought of Social Psychology as a field of study I would pursue. Professor Scott Plous is an engaging and inspiring lecturer and the various techniques he incorporated into the course made the learning that much more interesting and fun. Now, I am very keen to pursue a PhD in Social Psychology (with a touch of forensic psych). I truly loved this program and send sincere thanks to Wesleyan University and Coursera for making it available.
I enrolled for this course because I have always had an interest in Psychology. This course has been an eye opener on very many levels and challenged some of my long held beliefs, my way of thinking and above all given me a new perspective when dealing/handling people around me. The topics selected were very important, interesting and engaging, Professor Plous presentation was clear and very easy to understand, the discussion forum helped in getting different views from other learners that did enrich the learning process. I am glad i enrolled for this course and I will definitely recommend it to my friends to join the next class.
This is my best coursera MOOC experience by far. Although it's an online course, Prof. Plous and his team put so much effort to make sure that it's as interactive and fun as it can be. I actually signed up out of curiosity, I've always been interested in understanding behaviors and how we function as a person, as a society. Initially, I thought clinical psychology was the way to go but thanks to my experience with this class - I've now discover that what I should have been pursuing all along is Social Psychology ! Thank you Coursera, Prof. Plous and all the minds behind this course for such an amazing education experience !
I don't even know how to start. This course is clearly of high quality ! The content is very instructive, very generous in knowledge, and material. It is also very pedagogic, fun, entertaining. I am not usually the type of person who would "expose" myself to others, but I had a special feeling with this course that my made me confortable to complete the assignments, and course to the final exam. Obviously I have learned a lot. Of course, thank you to the wonderful professor Mr.Scott Plous for his amazing teaching and all the contributors and guests (professors, researchers) to the course. I highly recommend. Thank you :)
JGFDFFFFDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDFR FNNNNNNNNNNNNREFAC  GYUFEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDC  CDE2EYVUFWTVYID C3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3E3EB GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGWHJKDN  E4NODHFG4YUICVCRY4GFWEIO YRIIIIIIIIIII34OGFUDB YYYYYYYYY3GFIOG45O 46Y3HO0DGI3WU8FVX YU43IHD4U3XHJ9 4GRYFFFFFFFFFFFFFJKLZHYT FRV cy5cvh653w3qazsvgftr5vsAQq45GTRBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVWDIOWEWSW45GFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTRGFTR44
This course must be for everyone, it's not deep and still teaches a lot, I'm not any close to psychology and it was a great introduction of what this subjet means (refering particulary to social psychology) and how useful it is.It goes from giving empirical (experimental) facts about how the mind does social reasoning and it discusses multiple subjets (individuals, groups, agression, how helpful we really are, etc.).There are some activities and readings that go beyond what's expected from an online course.After taking it, I think now that this subjet must be taught to everyone, for example, in highschool.
I found this course to be both challenging and enlightening.  For a person who has not entered college-style learning or completing that style of assignments, I found this course to be the full gamete of expectations and so much more! I have learned about myself, people, and people's actions. What I have learned will assist me in my employment. Professor Scott Plous was an excellent instructor whom I felt I could follow with ease, although I was challenged with my mind, and being I was able to accomplish my goal of completing the course. Thank you to all contributors and Professor Plous.
Exceptional course into the world of social psychology. This course has profoundly change how I view society, people and relationships.  The course itself is both well designed and well equipped with the resources you need to learn and explore about social psychology. Spending time to reflect and assimilate the concepts will help you gain a greater appreciation to the course. Professor Plous is an amazing tutor and also a great story teller. He manages to seamless weave social psychology concepts and teachings into the lecturers. Overall this was a really enjoyable and enriching course.
Special thanks to Professor Scott Plous and Wesleyan University for the amazing opportunity to learn Social Psychology. Overall, the course was a great learning tool that exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend taking this for anyone who wants to learn why we act the way that we do. The course proved very insightful and provided controversial subjects that not only tested my thinking but helped me understand why I thought the things I did. For the low cost of the course, the value you receive is exceptional and again, I highly recommend it. I only wish the course had a part two!
I would like to thank you especially, Professor Plous, for teaching us the way you did it. It was highly interesting, interactive, fun, and I enjoyed it very much. You made me want to learn more. I have never been to university because I started working when I was 17. And it made me feel encouraged even from home. It helped me keep a daily routine through the COVID19 when I couldn't work anymore. Thank you, for everything. I highly recommend this course for anyone who is at least a little bit curious about life, about others and themselves and wish to learn things in a fun way.
This course was an amazing experience and I got to learn so much! Professor Scott Plous is truly an amazing instructor and it's a shame that I didn't have the opportunity to be his direct student. Extremely thankful to entire Coursera team to offer such a superb course and I also appreciate this platform in general. Again, truly thankful to Prof. Scott, all the people behind this amazing course and of course, my course mates. Wishing the very best of luck to Coursera. Please continue to flourish and I'm looking forward to that soccer match between Coursera and Germany ;)
I've learnt so much from this eye-opening and thought-inducing course, I'm beyond grateful and recommend it to anyone no matter your background. It is very well designed, full of interesting and relevant experiments around the main concepts, all grouped into digestible weekly material. I only wish this course could be included in the curriculum for everyone all over the world, as I strongly believe it would improve society, by becoming aware of our biases and helping to improve ourselves to be better and more compassionate people. Sincere thanks to Professor Plous!
It's been an amazing journey! It was my first course in Coursera and I cannot be more satisfied with the experience. The way it was organized, the topics, the materials and the presentation gave me what I appreciate the most in a class: enough to pursuit for more. It's been almost 4 years since I took a class of any kind so was not  sure if I was "in shape" for an area with so much to learn and analyse, however the course kept me hours reading, consulting and discussing.Thanks very much to professor Plous and the team who made this course possible for us!
This was a wonderful experience I have ever felt in my lifetime since the teaching by Prof. Scott Plous is amazing. The graphical effects he used while teaching is undoubtedly wonderful idea. I think I have paid more attention in this course than my university subjects!!. And all the collections of the great psychologist's research and videos is truly a treasure. I am very thankful to Prof. Scott Plous for providing such a intellectual concepts in such a beautiful manner. Thank you!! Thank you!! Thank you!!.Thank you from bottom of my HEART !:-)
Social Psychology, with Professor Scott Plous, was a stimulating and engaging course.  The video lectures and readings were excellent and I learned a great deal of fascinating and useful information from them.  The assignments were challenging and creative and I enjoyed completing them.  I also loved engaging with students from so many countries and cultures in the discussion forums.  If you have any interest at all in this topic, I highly recommend this course.  I'm extremely happy that I decided to take it and can't recommend it highly enough!
I am glad that i took the course.It made me decide and realize what i really wanted to study/do and make my future plans.Very useful stuff to use in daily life/at work etc. I am aware of more things now and the more i know the more i get comfortable with people/society/kids etc. and how to deal with them.And i really know now what i really wanna do in the future ☺ Hope they will prepare other levels of the course too for those who like to continue learning about social psychology but cant study it.would be amazing.thank you for the course ✌
I found this course pretty interesting, and learnt  a lot in these past few weeks, about myself and my relationships with others, that I have kept applying DAILY.  Even the final exam method you have used made me THINK and THINK sooooo much to ensure I understood the question correctly in order to answer effectively. The applied questions were a good test of our true understanding.  Thank you Professor Plous, the Mentors who respond to us in the discussion forums and ALL the persons involved in the creation and conducting of this course.
I had studied until masters and had a lot of preconceived notions that I could never verify or understand. This course certainly showed me why I think in a specific way and analyse it in a specific way. The most enjoyable part of the assignment was the compassion project and the honors assignment for me. Mapping the concepts one on one with day to day life situations brought in a lot of self realisation. Thank you for the wonderful course Professor Plous. I cannot stop raving about this course with my daughter, family and friends :-)
The entire course was an amazing journey. Even though I don't have any background in Psychology or the social sciences, I was able to easily grasp the concepts thanks to the boiled down & simple explanation from Professor Scott Plous. The assignments were very exciting, especially for the Honors, where you can participate in a forum with your peers from different parts of the world. Incredible experience overall and some of the videos, especially the ones with the intriguing psychological experiments are definitely worth a rewatch.
First of all, I would like to say that Professor Plous is an incredible teacher/mentor. he takes his time with every subject and makes sure you understand the topic by providing TONS of information about such while also giving video lectures as well. he has an amazing personality and honest to god I wish I could have met him in real life to show my gratitude towards him. if you are thinking about taking this course I would HIGHLY recommend you do! If you 100% will not be disappointed. Thank you again Professor Plous for doing this.
This is by far the best class I have taken on Courses. The professor is amazing. He's highly thoughtful, witty and full of great sense of humor. I particular like the fact that there're so many original videos and articles that I could access for free upon taking this course. The Milgram Experiment video, for instance, is a classic and I did not realize how severe and sterile the space looked until today (having read about it many years ago). I want to thank Wesleyan and the instructor so much for offering this great great course.
This course is phenomenal. I always looked forward to studying assigned and optional material because it was just that fun. I wanted to learn everything the course had to offer, and I think that made a huge difference in my retention. Professor Plous's method of instruction is very easy to follow and engaging at the same time, so I deeply thank him and everyone who helped make the course. Someday, the world will become a more compassionate place; social psychology is a huge leap in that direction. Much love and thanks from Egypt!
This was my first ever Coursera class, which I chose because it was such a departure from my profession.  Or so I thought.  Professor Scott Plous has crafted a curriculum which I found engaging, and gave me tools to apply what I learned in class to the working world.  I wished I would have taken this course sooner, I learned so much about myself and how to better understand and interact with people on the job.  This course also provided an opportunity to engage in meaningful cultural discussions with students all over the world.
This is by far the best course that I have ever done. This course is so comprehensive and professional, it is far better than any other university course that I have studied. The amount of evidence based research and information in phenomenal. The peer reviewed assignments keep you engaged, as do the many videos.  Professor Plous is the most engaging lecturer that I have come across. Such a professional, friendly and knowledgeable tutor. His enthusiasm is contagious. I will miss him, now that I have completed the course.
The course content, while a bit dry at times, was mostly very relevant for a beginner to Social Psychology like me. The pace of the course felt good, and I never felt like I had too much on my plate. The course community is friendly and very open with one another, and the instructor always found ways to keep things engaging and fresh. Scott Plous is an excellent lecturer who managed to deliver the core idea of each lesson without unnecessarily colouring the content with his perspective. Greatly recommend this course.
this is an exceptionally good course, there was all in it that I could have learned, what made it exceptional was all the videos and links and the extra material and effort made, I learned so much about things which I did not realize and now I know. I don't know if this will reach professor Plous, but my heartful thanks to him and his team to make this course so much  more than just a theoretical subject, and enhance it in a way its hard to forget, this was a helpful and fascinating experience for methank you!
Full marks for an excellent course that makes me see myself and those around me in a totally different light, with better understanding. It has made me patient, less judgmental, more understanding.. changes I feel for the better.. To make sense of our biases, what an achievement. Or thin slicing, so much more.. what a great course indeed.... and taught in a particularly interesting manner by Professor Plous, making it easy for a layman to make perfect sense of complex thoughts. A brilliant experience indeed...
Professor Scott Plous has probably created one of the most fun yet educating MOOC, which gives us a fresh new perspective into our everyday life and the things happening in our surroundings that we may overlook or treat with our innate biases. The course serves not only as a great source of knowledge but also makes one aware of the power of situations that we may not understand otherwise. Really thankful to Prof. Scott Plous, Wesleyan University and Coursera fro providing us with such a beautiful opportunity.
A very interesing course. I recommend to everyone, no matter you need social psychology for your work or not. Paul is a great lecturer and I like the way he leads the nerite course.Two small things to improve - too long videos - they are really interesting but you should think of bite learning - more but shorter videos to present the material in a more easy-to-take way. Also the readings are too much and too long. So the structure definitely needs an improvement, the content and execution are great though.
Hello, I enjoyed so much learning this course. It gives many new perspectives about human behavior, and it also gives me a lot of confirmation (AHA moment) about the situation that I'm dealing with in the past. If you have some free time and you like studying human behavior, I strongly suggest you take this course. The topic is exciting, and besides the lecture video, there are also other resources to explore. The assignment can be quite challenging, but it's worth the effort. Good luck on your study :)
I have really enjoyed the last 7 weeks that I have studied Social Psychology. My motivation for studying this was to be able to analyse and know how best to build and maintain relationships. What I got was much more than that, a deep understanding of human behaviours and what effect circumstances and situations play. I would recommend anyone to take up courses on Coursera for personal development, you won't regret it. Scott Plous is an amazing Professor, I enjoyed my lectures and will sure miss them.
That was my first experience in Coursera. I used to think that it would be easier, but I realised it's not quite like that when I opened the first reading material by David Myers, the author of books my wife uses to grind her 1st degree at Open University in Israel.The course is useful and enlightening... even after taking into consideration my 15 years long experience of working with people and communities in the field.Thanks, professor Plous and others for this experience and knowledge sharing!
Wow ! I never expected so much of quality content, notes, explanations, creative assignments, a very active discussion forum from the course ! If you are interested in social Psychology you must and must take this course. Professor Plous provides a very interactive and intellectually stimulating path to learn several concepts of psychology. I am 100% satisfied and have learnt so so so so so much ! JUST WOW ! Loved the curriculum, the way it was presented and even the assignments were amazing !
What better way to spend 7 weeks in lock down during the Covid19 pandemic! A very interesting course with great material in the form of video lectures, readings, bonus videos, optional readings and even bonus material such as "Hang-outs". The discussion forum is a really helpful way of getting peer "classmate" insight and having done several online courses/training in my time I can say lecturer Scott Plous has mastered distance/online learning lecturing! A highly recommended course, thank you.
I got a great experience with joining this course. The course is conducted really great. Professor Plous conducted the course in interesting manner. I should thank for Coursera and Wesleyan University for giving me this great opportunity. I highly recommend this course, who interested in Social Psycology. This gave me a lot of knowledge  and I had different experience. And also I should thank my peers who review my assignments. Finally, again I thank everyone. Keep learning. Have a great one.
This was such a great first course to take with Coursera. Scott Plous's course is perfection. Maybe a little too much reading, but I'm glad it was that way and forced me to read so much. A great amount of humor and personality so that the lectures weren't boring at all. Very interesting stuff and I'm so happy I took it. The perfect professor to teach this course to the masses! The ONLY thing I would change are the slides during the lectures. The contrasting colors on the screen hurt my eyes.
One of the best courses I have taken online, without a doubt. The coursework is planned perfectly, and each week covers the objectives well. There are no gaps in the teaching such that it is easy to progress through the weeks. Scott Plous is an excellent professor in the way that he planned this course. I have learnt so much about social psychology, and is able to see theories learnt from this course being applied in my everyday life, such as attribution and persuasion. Highly recommended!
I would strictly recommend this course! believe me, you will love it! It has made a big change in my life, my English language, and how I contact people on a daily basis. Even though you might not understand it thoroughly at the beginning, you would rewind videos and never get enough of it the more you proceed with units. Simple, easy, and crucial all at once! Thanks to professor Mr.Plous. I still read the attached readings even after I've finished the course and claimed my certificate.
This was my first experience on this platform and I absolutely loved it. I loved Professor Scott's friendly approach to the students and how vibrantly he explained the concepts using different resources. The mentors(on the forums) were also very helpful and friendly. I would definetly recommend this course to anyone interested in Psychology or just someone who wants to learn about the reasons behind many social behaviours. This platform really made my quarantined time very productive.
Wonderful class! With brilliant understanding in the field of Social Psychology by an eminent professor, who takes all the effort to make sure that all the details are provided. Provides significant knowledge and insights in an Interactive, fun and interesting way. I'm now really different from this MOOC by definitely one of the best professors, especially in terms of knowledge transmission! Fantastic experience from beginning to end.Special Thanks to Prof Scott Plous and your team!
By far, the most rewarding course I've ever taken in Coursera. In terms of the wealth of knowledge I've taken away, this course allowed me to look into my self and do self-evaluation of my actions, perceptions, and values. The course was stringent, but everything's worth it. Thank you, Professor! And also thank you, Coursera, for making this course gratis amidst this pandemic for people like myself who cannot afford to pay. Many, many thanks, and lots of love from the Philippines!
I would like to thank Prof Plous for making this course not only interesting but very interactive despite being an online course, I never felt like there was any hindrance to learning. The assignments were particularly engaging and one can see that a lot of thought, consideration and creativity has gone into making this course meaningful for everyone interested in social psychology. Thank you, Professor, for your contribution, I really like your approach and the way you teach.
I rate this course as outstanding.  It is well organized and enables the student to achieve the course objectives.  Professor Plous deserves the highest marks.  His presentation is clear and engaging.  His selected readings and videos complement the course and reinforce the material in his lectures.  This is not a course for the faint of heart.  You must listen to the lectures and take notes, and read the readings and take notes.  This is a serious course in social psychology.
Prof Scott really put in a lot of effort in making this course an interactive and resourceful one. I can see the hard work he had put in and I really appreciate it. This course is full of resources and interesting videos for learning. The discussion forum is active too! This course requires time and effort because there are assignments (50%) and only one test at the end of the entire course (50%). If you like to learn more about social psychology, this is the course for you!
I was completely mesmerized by social phychology and particularly Professor Scott Plous's fantastic course. I would be lying if I said it was easy to complete the course or to fully understand some theories, and yet it was nothing short of fun, extremely helpful and certainly worth the time and energy. Highly recommended to anyone who is curious about something like how people think, behave and influence, or to anyone who may just want to be a better person, just like me.
I wanted to give the course 10 stars out of five.The most interesting, well-presented and rich in additional material course. I am sure I will watch some of the videos over and over again as well as the interviews with prominent psychologists.I am already applying the new terminology all the time - explaining things to my husband ( sometimes he finds it overwhelming but says nothing)Best of all courses I completed ( am on Coursera)Highly recommend!Prof. Plous, thank you!
Professor Prous was very engaging and displayed and ongoing passion for his work.  I especially appreciated the more in-depth review of the Stanford Prison Experiment and the actual footage of this experiment, which I had not seen before.  Great job!I did not complete the assignments and chose to leave the course after reviewing all videos and readings  but this was a choice based on my  current life and does not reflect on the excellence of his course or the professor.
Glad to have found this course on Coursera. Dedicating one hour post dinner each day has been a whole new learning experience. Thanks to Prof. Plous for enriching lectures, case-study based learnings and several social experiments!Adding to the bag is a new lens to view societies, behaviours, institutions, situations and also self. I highly recommend this course to everyone interested in psychology. It was a sheer joy to learn and be part of a diverse online community!
In my opinion, one of the most interesting MOOCs. Professor Scott Plous delivers the lectures with knowledge, empathy and humour. The resources are fantastic and most of the assignments are very enjoyable.As constructive criticism I would suggest to have more optional assignments for the honours and change some questions in the final exam, lowering its weight towards the final grade.Doing the #CompassionDay Assignment was one of the highlights. Very highly recomended
An engaging, thought-provoking, well structured and fun course that has helped me gain a new perspective towards many social institutions and social issues. I took this course simply out of curiosity, with no prior experience in this field and it has been a very rewarding personal experience to say the least. Being a professional engineer, this course may not add much to my carrier directly, but certainly will have a lasting influence on my outlook towards life.
I am so happy that I took the decision to pursue this wonderful course. I got to know a lot of things about human behavior and I can't wait to put that approach into action in my real life. It was a joy listening to Professor Scott Plous talk about different aspects in-depth and it made the course extra interesting. If you are still wondering to pursue this course or not, I would say not to waste even a single extra second and go for it! You are gonna love it!
First i would like to thank coursera and professor scott plous  for providing a brilliant course for the passionate students like me who love psychology a lot and once again thanks for my tutor professor scott plous for teaching the concept in an unique way that i have not experienced before . The videos were not usual it is extraordinary content made with huge effort and to conclude i had a great experience in studying social psychology along with my peers.
This by far the most comprehensive course I have taken on Coursera. A rich and highly detailed study of many issues in social psychology that were constantly surprising andd interesting. The course material features great additions of text and video that really help you get to grips with the topics. Finally the weekly lectures are always understandable and professionally made by the tutor. I recommend this course to anyone interested in the topic. Thank you.
This is a great course. I have been reading popular Social Psychology books for the last couple of years. This course put the field in perspective for me. It is so rich with concepts, examples, reading materials, prominent people hangouts. Always interesting,  Professor Plous  obviously made a very conscious effort to create a course with meaningful and fun content. I would recommend this course to anyone with a slight interest in human behavior. Thumbs up!
I really enjoyed this course as well as finding it very useful. The lecturer, Scott Plous was very engaging and was able to sum up complex concepts in ways that made them easier to understand. He also had a good sense of humour which helped me keep on schedule with the videos. I would thoroughly recommend this course if you want a thorough introduction to important findings in social psychology, many of which will be relevant to everyday life.
The course was very interesting. Professor Scott Plous was very informative and engaging. Guest lecturers and external video resources, further enhanced the content of the course. The course assignments also made participants interactive. The topics covered allowed participants to understand the reason for our behavior and actions. I highly recommend the course if you want to have a deeper understanding and appreciation on human behaviors.
Ma Shaa Allah this course is very amazing and having fun to watch its videos on big platform of Coursera.I'm very happy that I have about to completing this wonderful Course.This course "Social psychology" I recommend to all beginner students who want to learn psychology in real meaning.I'm very very thankful of sir Scott Plous and WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY for bringing a fantastic course for us on big a platform of Coursera.Once again thanks❤
Social Psychology made me learn various things about the human facts that turned out to be very unique and different from what I had known before. Realizing this uniqueness and increasing the critical mindset in responding to social phenomena I had gained during my study in this course. I hope this course has a specialization, and if there is I will be very happy to enroll in specialization in this field. I highly recommend this course.
Amazing course! Is a mind changer! You see a lot of things as a different view (more technical, acurrating and effective) and you learn how to act in differents situations.The only thing i don't liked is in one video, they put Che Guevara as a reedemer of the freedom. I just suggest to who did it to see the video of this person talking on UN conference. We have a lot of good examples in the world to use, but surelly he ins't of of them.
I enjoyed this Social Psychology course. Being an introductory course, I believe it gives an excellent panorama of the core principles of Social Psychology. The course demonstrates how the topics covered make sense to the discipline while many times they seem so obvious to people.  It also shows that having critical thinking of our behaviors, attitudes, beliefs, and values is necessary to be better human beings and have a better world.
I really enjoyed this course, it lets you work at your own pace which is good. It is very well organized and prof. Plous is an amazing teacher. He explains all the concepts very well and it is to the point. The readings were very interesting as well. The course covers so many topics in a very systematic manner over a very short period of time. I will definitely recommend this course to my classmates. Thank you so much Prof. Plous.
One of the best courses I have taken so far. I want to express my heartfelt Thank You and Congratulations to Professor Plous and the team for creating such an awesome course jam-packed with knowledge on Social Psychology. After this course, I have gained a wider perspective in social interactions among communities. The learnings are indeed helpful in everyday situations and surely made a large impact on my life. Kudos!
I really liked this course! I am from Germany and it was a bit tough to go through all the new words and sentences but google translator helped me good :) It was a pretty nice time and Professor Plous is a wonderful, funny teacher. I really enjoyed every video and i got some good new knowledge about why people do what they do. I would love to get some other courses from Professor Plous. I really enjoyed every minute!
One of my best experience in learning. This course is just wonderful. The concepts are easy to understand and give you the opportunity to better understanding the effect of social psychology on our world and human beings. It helps me also to better understanding myself, one of my purpose in this course. Pr Plous is just amazing. Thanks to Pr Plous and all those with whom I was able to share this wonderful experience.
I truly enjoyed Social Psychology!  I learned a lot about myself and others, and made a new friend from another country! I loved all the diversity within the course and how we helped each other along the way as well.  Professor Scott Plous is a great instructor and makes the videos and the material for the course more fun and interesting! I definitely recommend this course to others if they enjoy psychology classes!
Thoroughly enjoyed learning this course. Definitely not an easy one compared to a few others I have attempted at Coursera but it was well worth the effort. I loved our Professor's narration style ,the pop quizzes in between and the wealth of content(videos,articles) that has been provided to us. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone interested in people behavior in relation to their social environment.
I really enjoy this class in many particular ways, i love how we can discuss with other students in the class and staffs in discussion forum, how entertaining Prof. Plous taught with interesting fact from various researches and how the assignments are so wonderful that make me realize things I never think about. This is the class where you can understand yourself, others and be a better person than who you were.
This course is a eye-opening course! I appreciate every single content that had taught in this course and I also appreciate the way of teaching of professor Plous, you are the professor of my dream. Thank you for the knowledgeable and encouraging environment which I met from the coursemate. Thank you all of the staff who involved in this course, and thank you Coursera for being the beyond country learning space.
The course was great. It broaden my views on lot of things, specially how to view on things differently as well as how to understand situations and society better. I loved Professor Plous's way of teaching and how he kept it interesting throughout the course and how he made it fun at the same time. The materials provided was a great resource and very insightful. Definitely will look out for more similar courses.
I really
enjoyed this course from the beginning to the end. Thanks for Professor Plous for putting together and presenting
this course with so much enthusiasm. You activated my curiosity for this
subject in a way that I am going to start a study Psychology at a university
from the coming trimester. Thanks Coursera and everyone who gave me the
opportunity to enrich my knowledge with the topics from this study.
It was an amazing experience to be a part of this course! It teaches many many things about human mind, behavior,psychology, and most importantly how to use these social psychology dynamics to enrich our lives and that of others. It was one of the best learning experience I ever had. It encouraged me to take up psychology as a career and to be a learner. Thank you Professor Scott Plous  and the entire team!
That was a wonderful experience that enhanced my knowledge about social psychology to a greater extent and contributed lots of things to my understanding and interpretation of social relationships between individuals and groups which was very important and valuable for me as a sociologist! Thank you for everything! I strongly recommend the people who are interested in this kind of topic to take this course!
I loved loved loved this course! If you ever wondered why people behave in a certain way, sign up for this course and you'll get the answers to all your questions. The learning process was organized in a very convenient way, the lectures were intertaining and to the point. Professor Plous did a fantastic job creating this course. And it's for everyone, not just psycology professionals (I'm a IT specialist).
One of the most interesting course I have ever done. I want to thank Professor Scott for this amazing course. my knowledge and experience have immensely increased. Also, the best part of the course was their discussion forums, I loved the forum. I greatly want to recommend to those who have a little bit of interest in psychology and want to get benefits in their personal life, relationship, and work life.
very informative, evidence-based and practical! i started off being curious of why people behave certain ways, i ended up understanding a whole lot more about myself, how i relate to others and many more social interaction. I cannot express my gratitude enough to Prof Plous and team for providing lay person like myself the opportunity to learn so much about the fascinatingly flawed mind of ours.  Xie xie!
I learned to see situations from a different perspective, to know my behavior individually and when in a group. The influence they exert on us and how we can influence to achieve a change. One of the tasks that I liked most was the automated interview, because at some point, I really believed that there was a person behind the monitor. I hope many more people take the course and enjoy it as much as I do.
A very interesting and thought provoking course that explores human behavior, why we do the things we do, by looking at the individual AND situational factors. An amazing set of videos and course material, with lots of "what?!", "No way!" and "Wow" moments. And a big thanks to Professor Scott Plous for taking us through the course. Scott you are engaging, warm and make this course what it is...brilliant.
Speechless. Professor Scott Plous taught the course very well. The lectures with the pop questions feature are fun and enjoyable, the readings are very informative and the assignments make a difference in how you see how can social psychology affect our lives and the world. I feel that this course changed a part of me and I am excited to see how this change turns out. I am glad that I took this course.
This course is excellent: not only is it interesting, surprising, intellectually engaging, and fun but you can also feel that Prof. Plous has taken great care to desgin a course that would appeal to a variety of audiences and stimulate their minds. I have learnt so much about myself, my friends and foes, and the world around me. Thank you very much Prof. Plous, the mentors, and the whole Coursera team!
This course is brilliant. I've always been interested in learning about general psychology and the content listed in this seven weeks is very interesting and appealing. Many of the concepts related to effects exposed in this course take place in everyday lives but I didn't know they're names, so this helps me in identificating them easier and therefore being able to apply social psychology minfulnessly
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and the engaging way it was taught. The curriculum provided extraordinary access to some of the greatest thinkers in the field. The bonus videos and international flavour of the course gave it such breadth. The concepts taught can be widely applied in many aspects of life. It was one of the most enriching online courses I've done and I couldn't recommend it more highly.
This was the very first online course I ever took and I can totally say it was worth every penny of my time and money. The lectures were really interesting and informative. My perspective of how I saw the world totally changed after going through this course. All thanks to Prof. Scott Plous and Coursera for this wonderful opportunity. I would recommend everyone, who reads this, to take up this course.
This was the best class I have gone through both in person and online. The delivery was clear, precise, elaborate and captivating. The lessons are broken down to manageable session and structured to cover the topic enough allowing room for the student to digest and reflect. Kudos to Prof. Scott Plous, you made the lessons interesting and captivating. I will take another class with you again, anytime.
Such a good course. I love every minute of it!
Thank you so much to Professor Plous. The way of teaching is highly creative, dynamic and fun.
The content is perfect, you learn a lot without noticing it, and that is not easy to do. Congratulations on making a perfect course.
THANK YOU.
P.S (for next students): whether you are thinking on enroll in this course…DO IT, believe me, you will not regret it.
I considered myself absolutely blessed to have participated in this course offered by Prof. Scott Plous. It was educative, enlightening and life transforming. Its a way of life, reasoning and viewing the world. Its teachings has helped improve my relationship and will continue to do so. The course materials will always be useful in all aspect of the personal life, career development and relations.
This course very informative and also entertaining at times ;-)Professor Scott Plous is the best teacher you can get. It was a pleasure attending his class.This course helps you understand the workings of people's minds and your own mind too. I would absolutely suggest this course to everyone. The assignments are fun and enlightening while not being too difficult or too time consuming.
Incredibly interesting and well presented by Professor Scott Plous. As a novice to Social Psychology and someone who hasn't studied in a long time, I found the course easy to follow with lots of bonus material to sink your teeth into if you have the time. I feel that everybody in the whole world would greatly benefit from taking this course. Thank you Prof Plous and thank you Coursera.
Thank you Scott for an inspiring and exciting course. The peer grading was successful and highly valuable method of assessment.  It gave me insights into many opinions of students from many and diverse Countries and cultures.  It forums were invaluable allowing positive discussions and contact with course instructors also.  Thank you once again for a fantastic course, For £48 a steal.
This is a truly great course with Ph Scott Plous crafting it to the next level. The course is very entertaining with plenty of video and graphic information. What I really loved is that the knowledge you get is super practical. I'd recommend it to not only general public but also professionals in marketing, digital marketing, PR and many more. Do not hesitate and start the course now!
Great introductory course to social psychology. The lectures, readings, and assignments are well-organized, clear, inclusive, and interesting. It provides many resources to learn the course's content while keeping you engaged and also to explore beyond what is taught in class. Many thanks to professor Plous for his  good work on this great, interactive, and informative online course.
Extremely interesting course! I am so pleased that I took this course, I've learned a lot about our society and myself. I think this course really open your eyes to the reality and it helps you use good technique to create greater good. Professor Plous is an expert on this course and the way he teaches is awesome. The staff of the course is amazing. Definitely recommend this course.
One of the best course I have ever taken! Thanks to Scott Plous and the team that made possible this course. I really value each of your efforts, the passion you have for the fields shows. I am really inspire by you, I did not only learn more about people for professional matters, but it made me a better person! Keep spreading this knowledge. Thank you so much. Greetings from Mexico
I genuinely enjoyed this course, it really opened up my mind and helped me understand certain aspects of life I would have not thought about before. I am able to use everything I learnt in these 7 weeks in my day to day life. Special thanks to Professor Plous who always kept the the lectures interesting, I truly appreciate the dedication that went into making this course a success!
Thank you Prof. Plous - this course you created be far exceeds any other MOOC (or even in-person course) I've ever attended. Your passion for the subject matter is pleasantly infectious and the learning curve is a steady, but gentle meander up towards a better understanding ourselves, others and society in general. Thanks again and may all go well with you and yours into the fut
Thank you so much for this admirable course, it was the best educational time that I've ever had. I received enormous quantity of valuable information that I can use in ordinary life. Moreover I completely changed my way of thinking,  attitudes, perception, behavior, etc. Will with a great pleasure continue studying this theme by reading Mayer's book and observing explorations.
A great course for self realization and it was an experience rather than a course.It helped understand to a certain extend why we interact the way we do .The professor was really engaging and made the course very interesting through animations,interviews,experiments,great reading materials and even a bit of music.The peer graded assignments brought a life changing impact in me.
The Social Psychololgy course offered by Weslyean University is well structured and comprehensive. I learnt many things such as pursuation, the causes and forms of agression, causes and management of conflict, nature of prejudice and how it is nurtured etc.,I highly recommend this course to all those who are interested in understanding oneself in relation the world we live in.
I really appreciate professor Scott Plous and his team for this enjoyable course. Also thank you Coursera for this great opportunity that you provide for us to pass this course.In this course, I have learned a lot about social psychology and its connections with different topics such as climate change and lifestyle that will be very helpful in my future activities and choices.
Hello,I would like to thank Pr. Scott Plous for this wonderful course that was among the best MOOCs I have ever taken. The content was well designed and very rich which enabled me to learn new insights and explore various perspectives regarding the dynamic area of social psychology. I think this field is able to promote more love, peace, and mutual understanding in our world.
Excellent course, with the best instructor. Thank you Professor Plous for always having a happy countenance and making this learning experience more enjoyable and interesting. Every concept is well explained, the course is modeled perfectly with the right pop up questions, assignments and healthy discussions in the forums that keep us engaged. I highly recommend this course!
I took two psychology units during my university years. I liked the material then, but the lecturer was not able to deliver it comprehensively. This course, however, was great for touching on various topics concerning society and human nature. I found the assignments purposeful and creative. Thank you for putting all the hard work to make this available as an online course!
This is a fantastic and well designed course. The course Leader Scott is friendly, fun and I am going to miss his energy and fun attitude. Some of the course touches on important studies in Psychology. This is useful to anyone as it can be used in daily life to improve yourself and your relationship with others, as well as help you understand why things happen in the world.
It is not my first course through coursera and it will definitely not be my last. For now it is the best I have studied through this platform, the teacher has spent long hours preparing the 7 weeks of content, there is a wide variety of content to lean on and whether or not you have prior knowledge in the field of social psychology is interesting. Congratulations professor!
Really interesting and engaging material. The videos use a good mix of materials, such as animations, TED talk excerpts, and pictures that contribute nicely to the topics being discussed. The assignments are also varied and connect well to the topics. The professor seems to enjoy teaching and that also makes a positive impact. Overall, I would highly recommend this course.
I didn't want this course to end. One learns a lot, it really provided abundant materials - videos, readings, guest lectures; the assignments are also so well designed that you get much out of them. You can feel the care taken about all the aspects of the course from being interesting to promoting good social values. Thank you, Professor Scott Plous, to you and your team.
The course content is beautifully designed. Even a person having no background of Psychology subject can easily learn. I sincerely thanks Prof Scott Plous for creating my interest in the subject. It is an award winning course content. I also sincerely thanks COURSERA for providing such a beautiful platform for online studies. You are the best companion in this Lock-down.
Thank you very much for a really amazing course! In fact, I personally feel that it is one of the courses that has the biggest impact, at least for me. It opened my eyes to see how things really work in human society. It seems that this information should be learned by everyone from an early age. I belive that this can be the way the world can become a better place.
Outstanding. The course contents cover very useful topics about the relevance of psychology in an everyday life. It requires serious commitment from the student in terms of assigned materials and weekly assignments. However, the hard works are justified considering a great amount of care given to the creative teachings and the marvelously curated course materials.
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to learn with you.Each of the topics and readings gave me information that has changed my perception of many things.I will apply everything in my work (customer service)The course is dense in terms of content but I have recommended it with my friends.Thanks to all the Plous team. Wesleyan's courses have not disappointed me.
I loved this course and Dr. Plouse. I feel like I learned so much and it was enjoyable and kept me engaged. I signed up for this course as a requirement for continuing education for my job. I honestly thought it was going to be a lot easier than it was lol but it wasn't just another BS internet course. I would definitely take another course on Consera.Tracie T.
This course is amazing, fantastic, incredible. I admire Professor a lot, I like the way he teaches and the assignments each week are so interesting. Attending the course brings me so many new and wonderful things. Many thanks to Professor, the generosity of guest video/documents, the mentor in the discussion forums, and all the things that you guys teach me.
Being an engineering student, I felt I would have a tough time coping up with the subjects pertaining to Psychology and adjusting to the course assignments, however my journey throughout the course has been marvelous. I look forward to establishing a career in Cognitive Psychology and there could not have been a better impetus to my journey than this course.
An amazing course put together with a clear chain of thought. The course material was perfectly complementing the videos and the teaching was way above par. I always wanted to explore a subject like social psychology which was far out of my comfort zone, and i'm certain i couldn't have found a better MOOC online. Thank you Dr. Plous and Wesleyan University.
Its been a wonderful experience being enrolled in this course, a special thanks to professor plous for conducting the course in a engaging, interactive and informative manner. I have learnt so many new things, not to mention the course content is well put  together and delivered and also thanks to the mentors for their guidance and support with challenges.
Everybody needs to take this course. It simply is that essential. Not only for personal betterment and our daily lives but also as a society. We owe it to eat other and our future generations to come, to provide them a better social environment, in what they can flourish. I am gonna suggest this course to every single soul i know,who could benefit by it.
This course felt like a thorough introduction to social psychology. The subject matter is well taught by Professor Plous, who is enthusiastic and knowledgable, and uses the online medium of Coursera to his advantage. I highly recommend this course for individuals who are curious about social psychology and have little previous experience with the topic.
Wonderful Course. I wish to thank Prof. Scot Plous and his team in Wesleyan for this well designed course.  The active Discussion Forms, ably supported by the Staffs & Mentors along with the co-students, made it interactive and felt like a real course with interactions. I would strongly recommend this course if you are interested in Psychology. Cheers.
A great start for students who interests in Social Psychology. The course involves a lot of materials concerning common bias and normal psychological human functioning, accompanied by understandable concepts and examples. Various experiments are mentioned to elucidate the psychological foundation of the materials, most of them remain valid these days.
I have not (yet) finished the course but I'm sure of two things: first I've already learnt a huge amount of things, and second, I want to finish it an know what's ahead. The course is very good, I think, for beginners like me who have a vague notion of how people interact but are striving for a bit more theory and practical examples on the subject.
One of the best MOOCs of all time. very informative and interesting. Even though I had previous knowledge on many topics the course definitely enhanced it. It had some of the most engaging assignments. Prof. Scott Plous conducted the course amazingly.Very Very happy with the content. Definitely recommend this course for everyone new to the field.
Phenomenal professor, great insights into the human psyche. Excellent course for anyone of any background. Content is also highly engaging - it is not just the professor lecturing. He uses a variety of videos and shows social experiments. There was an hour video I thought I'd snore through and was fascinated the entire time. Such a great course.
This was the first time I took up a course on social psychology and I have to agree that I'm hooked to this topic. From the wonderful explanations by our professor Mr. Scott Plous to the amazing articles and videos shared in the course, it was a great journey. I thank Wesleyan University and Coursera for bringing this course to us. All the best!
I loved this course. It has been very interesting for me to get this course in these strange times. Throughout the course, I tried to observe and interpret the society in the pandemic era with the help of the learnings of the social psychology. It is not only a course, it is like a life guide. Thank you professor Scott Plous, Thank you Coursera!
To finish this course  for me it is a great success. Because I learned a lot.I am a physician, and I have gained  a little  bit  more comprehension about me , my patients  and society, and  how  society behaves.It  is now not just an HONOR but also a great PRIVILEGE to have  this wonderful  guy Scott Plus as a lecturer  and  as  a  teacher.
The course was very insightful, extremely well designed in all aspects. It really ignited an interest in the subject and allowed us to grow personally. Alongside the course syllabus, I'm extremely delighted to see this course use social psychology to actually tackle multiple problems, and to begin a change in the attitudes of participants.
Thank you very much for the time, the knowledge you share! I feel super lucky and grateful. I learned a lot, in understanding many things that one does automatically identify them in order to be a better version of one. Having more information on how you react to certain things helps us personally and as a society! Thanks Scott Plous !!!
A truly fantastic and brilliantly curated course! I firmly believe that every person should take this course, because you can see it from any eye and get what they most need from it. Some fascinating revelations on human behaviour that should be common knowledge, taught by a fantastic professor and awesome TAs in the discussion forums.
It was an amazing journey, I have learned so much during this course, the material and the presentation of it was very fulfilling. I have gained a new perspective about social situations and people's behavior. I would like to thank Prof. Scott Plous for his dedication and enthusiasm, it has certainly passed on me and kept me motivated.
The course is an excellent one an eye opener, indeed I have really learnt much about my personality, and my social surrounding , and my relationship with fellow human across all angle....a big thanks to Prof. Scott Plous...there is never a dull moment with him in all session across the course..once again thanks to Prof. Scott Plous.
This was an extensive, well rounded and enjoyable course.  Thank you for the considerable amount of work necessary to compile it all.  The only disappointment was the reference material after each video, further reading and videos, had the majority of its listings as unclickable links (any with a title versus an actual web address).
I enjoyed this course thoroughly -- Prof Scott was excellent in the way he presented the material. The suggested readings took off from where he left off, so there was no sense of repetition; rather a reinforcing and complementing of the lectures. Thank you Prof Scott and your team for making this a valuable and stimulating course.
It was a comprehensive course which learned me a lot about why people react in social situations the way they do. As a medical student I think it is very useful skill to understand behaviour of other people better. However, I also learned a lot about myself. Thank you so much for sharing this course online, it was very educational.
One of the best Mooc's I've taken. You can tell a lot of effort has gone into designing this. It keeps your attention, keeps you engaged, and make you take action. Kudos to Prof Scott Plous. A must-do for everybody! Studying psychology had always been on my bucket list and I'm glad I got to do it on Coursera with Prof. Scott Plous.
What an awesome course. Thanks Professor Scott Plous and everyone who has been a part of this incredible journey. Also would like to thank all my peers in this course for reviewing my work and sharing their thoughts on the discussion forums. I've learned so much from this course and look forward to apply this to my everyday life.
The best course I have taken. Professor Plouse makes every lecture interesting. The amount of material, reading and videos astounded me. It is extremely complete and fun. The assignments are all fun and interesting. It has changed me in many ways, from understanding other behaviors to understanding my own. VERY RECCOMENDED!!!!!!
Excellent course. I strongly recommend this course to anyone with an interest in social psychology and who wants to learn more. Professor Scott Plous is an engaging and charismatic teacher who clearly presents the content and makes it enjoyable to learn. The final exam is challenging and extremely rewarding when it is passed.
Amazing program. The course is very well organized and supported by different materials. Professor is a real professional not only in his area but as a lecturer, enjoyed listening him. I will recommend this course to my friends as it is very useful in daily life but not only for those who studies psychology or related fields.
One of my all-time favorites. This course is incredibly insightful and offers many practical lessons. Prof. Scott Plous is super warm, knowledgeable, and engaging; it was a privilege having him as an instructor. I wish this course was taught at all schools; we'd have a so much better society if it was. 11/10 would recommend.
Amazing experience! I had a chance to learn a lot about social psychology, many important things that can be used in everyday life. Scott is amazing professor, video lessons are high quality, interesting and fun to watch - they made me laugh so many times. Assignments are fun to do too. I recommend taking this course 100%!
I am very grateful to professor Scott Plous and everyone who took part in for this amazing course. Despite that there is a lot of academic information and sometimes it is difficult the course is interesting and fun. I got much knowledge about our everyday life and inspiration to learn some topics deeply. Highly recommend!
This course made me fall in love with online lessons. The information was presented in a fun catchy way, with good examples and study cases. Although it is a beginner level, there was a large amount of useful and interesting information. I am planning to retake the course soon. Thank you Prof. Plous for this experience.
It is the one of the great course I had ever taken, at the start of the week I thought this is not at all related to me later on the course made me intresting that I cannot swith to my other courses I enrolled in coursera I really am so thankful to the professor for his great time in making this course available online.
I took this course during the lockdown period with the intention to  just to keep my mind of this epic times  and use it in something useful .but once I started the course I found out that it has a lot to offer and it gave me a lot of new and unexpected percpective on human behaviour and beliefs . I enjoyed it very much
Professor Plous is undoubtedly a great academic who always motivates you to keep learning. The course is quite complete in terms of the basics and cites many studies with "name and surname" (as we say in Chile). The course also has a lot of associated material that allows you to really enjoy the course.
I recommend it!
The course social psychology worth the stress. It is one of the online courses i studied recently and I learnt a lot from it which i wish to apply to my daily life especially "standby intervention", compassion day assignment and "how to buy happiness."  thanks you very much my instructor. You did a wonderful Job here.
This Course is very interesting. It keeps me involved in finishing it even if  I'm running out of time. The way Prof Plous presents the course is awesome. The course materials are very modern and interactive.It makes me explain myself a lot of situations I have experienced.Everything it's wonderful about this course.
Prof. Plous's lectures are very interesting and engaging. I was able to apply some of the concepts I learned in the course at my workplace, and they actually worked. I am able to analyse group behaviors and can give scientific explanations for everyday happenings. I am SO SO glad I took this course. It was amazing!
I was amazed at how entertaining and informative the class was. Scott Plous makes a good punchline if given the chances and he also describes the terms in a way that you can easily understand it. The exam was a challenge but luckily Scott Plous' method of making the terms easier will help you remember the concepts.
This course has been immensely enriching and quite interesting one! The concepts are explained with so much clarity it almost feels as if you are in some classroom. The assignments too are quite innovative and interesting. Would recommend it to anyone who is interested in social psychology concepts and tits bits.
This is one of the best MOOC I ever had. I hope to apply every bit of learning I had in this wonderful and very informative course. the videos are interesting and the reading materials are very much substantial. I will surely invite my family and friends to take this online course. Kudos! Thanks Professor Scott!
I would not have thought Social Psychology would be this interesting. This course is very educational and interesting; things I am learning from this course can be applied to everyday life and with all forms of relationships -- personal or otherwise. Great work to Westleyan University and Professor Scott Plous!
Exceptional is the word. I value knowledge a lot, the mere thought that I have learnt new things over the course of seven weeks that has the brilliant potential to change my life for good makes me happy. What more can I ask for from a MOOC? Thanks to everyone who made this course possible.Love,Mukhesh Jyothula
This is the best course for everyone who interested in psychology. The topics are very interesting and relatable in your everyday's life. Lecturer gives out clear information which very easy to understand and remember. The lecture is enjoyable with some quiz to keep you active which is not too hard to answer.
This was the best ever course attended by me throughout all the 7 MOOC courses I have attended so far in Coursera! I am very happy by the impact Prof. Scott Plous has made on me, especially with the various reading materials and video lectures as part of the course. It is a life-enriching experience for me.
A very balanced course offering good combination of videos and readings.The course has an invaluable collection of resources,which I will be referring to time and again.  The assignments are geared to make you think hard. The course has inflamed my interest in social psychology even more. Thank you Dr Scott
An excellent course. It really changes the way we look at the world. I work in publicity and I totally recommend this course to improve abilities in my area, but I am pretty sure it can work on any line of work and the most enrichment aspect is that the course can, actually, makes you a better human been.
This was my second online course, the first one I left mid way. I thoroughly enjoyed being a part of this learning process. My thanks to Prof. Plous for creating such an interesting course that I was glued to it and not only did I complete it in time but also learnt a lot of new concepts.  Thank you !!!!
I am very new to the field of psychology and this course enhances my interest in investigating on different branches of social psychology. Thank you so much Wesleyan University and Coursera for the opportunity which I was given. I recommend this course anyone who has a passion to learn social psychology.
Although I have not been able to spend as much time on this class as I would like, I find the information presented and the way it is presented to be fascinating. It has truly helped me stop and look at my responses to things and to be open to looking at things in different ways. Kudos to the instructor!
Really enjoyed this course! I think it is quite complete and touches on a lot of different terms. Definitely recommend it for whoever is interested in psychology and would like an introductory course on the matter. It is also fun and useful, as what is learned can be applied to life and work situations.
If your going to include readings make it into a pocket size book for people to read before taking the course or a large pdf file to print off, so you can prime their minds to like the course more in the long run. Furthermore, decrease the number of questions to 30 that is more reasonable for and exam.
The course is very clear and contains various videos, lectures, readings and even guests lectures. The essays are very interesting too. I loved this class, I learned things that will last and help me both personally and professionally.  And the teacher is amazing, this course is really worth your time!
This MOOC is of high quality and very well done both in format and organization, it really opens up the world of social psychology with Professor Plous as an extraordinary guide! This MOOC was a revelation for me,  it is so enriching! Thank you for freely offering educational content of this quality!
One of the best Social Psychology course ever! I liked it very much, it is prepared step by step explaining every single topics. Whether you're beginner or advanced this course is for you. Professor Scott Plous is one of the best lecturers I've ever seen. FIVE STARS! Thank you Professor Scott Plous!
The course is all you need to have a basic understanding of human behavior, the WHO WHY WHEN etc. This course should be taught in the schools so that we can built a responsible and safe society for ourselves and others. I congratulate and thank Professor Scott Plous a million times for this course.
Excellent course!! The teachings in this course can really be life changing in understanding how people relate and influence each other, how situations can be more important that i used to think. The concepts an theories of Social Psychology can really contribute to make a better society for all.
Extremely recommended for anyone who's interested in developing insights in both professional and personal life. Professor Plous does an amazing job at delivering diverse scientific knowledge in an entertaining way. Definitely a well made course, with tons of bonus activities and guest lectures!
This course has been extremely helpful in introducing Social Psychology. Professor Plous has been of great help, and the plotting of the course syllabus is well thought of.I especially liked how interactive, fun, and filled with various forms of learning (pop up quizzes, videos) this course had.
The course offers more material which are closest to direct to source than what was offered during my psychology degree. Very real and high quality course which the amount of effort can be heart-felt. Highly recommended to people who are interested in social psychology and psychology in general.
One of the best free online courses I've ever taken! This course is a great introduction to Social Psychology, and the topics are applicable to everyone. There was a good balance of videos, readings and assignments.  I was really impressed with the quality of materials and pacing of the course.
I really enjoyed this course and want to take more psychology classes online!  I loved studying former experiments, and the self-discovery along the way.  And I hope I will continue along a path toward being more compassionate due to the Day of Compassion assignment.  A great class for anyone!
The course is challenging but not TOO challenging and really makes you take a look at who you are and how you interact with others. 100% suggest taking this course if you have a chance; even if you don't think it is pertinent to your career goals - trust me, it's worth it for your life goals.
Thanks so much, Dr. Plous for such a comprehensive, yet fun presentation of a relatively tough topic to approach.I loved every moment, lived every moment and made memories. But mostly I added knowledge that I wish I will apply for my own good and others too.Thanks again. I sure will be back.
Wonderful course ... extremely tough, but certainly worth it ... Thank you veru much Scott, Wesleyan University and Coursera for such a wonderful experience of learning and personal improvement towards becoming a better citizen by being a more compassionate human being ... Deeply appreciated
It's a superb experience to learn from Mr. Plous and my virtual classmates. It is way more than a process to acquire knowledge on an academic subject. Instead, it's more like a opportunity to see human relations and interactions in a fresh perspective. A big thank to Mr. Plous and Coursera!
Very thankful for this course.  Professor Scott was amazing.  His presentation of the course, his voice, tone and lightheartedness conveyed kindness.  First impression, Professor is of a kind soul :)    This course was very helpful in bettering my relationships; communication.  Thank you!!
Great way of learning about cognitive biases, self-perception, social construction of identity, bystander effects, groupthink and many more important concepts that help to understand how we behave and what we can do to improve our society by improving ourselves and those who surround us.
I loved this course! I can really recommend it! It is a great introduction to social psychology. I've learned a lot that I can actually even use for my personal life, personal relationship and at work. Professor Plous is a super professor, his passion for social psychology is contaigous.
Fascinating course! Scott Plous is an amazing teacher and assigned reading and videos were very interesting and educational - loved it all! Social psychology is something that should be taught mandatory everywhere so we can be aware of our natural tendency to stereotypes and prejudices.
Excellent course for a newbie to psychology! The delivery is well done, with many interesting videos to explain concepts. I would recommend this course to anyone who is curious to find out why people behave in a particular manner as well as people who want to know more about themselves.
A well-planned course taught by a very enthusiastic, energetic and dedicated professor. My time dedicated for this course is worth it indeed. I was able to effectively apply my learnings in many practical ways especially on my daily life and with my profession as Counselor and Educator.
This course is the best course I completed in my life. Professor Plous excels at explaining social psychology's most useful and entertaining materials in quite understandable and fun way. Countless visual aids and outside resources have used so as to heighten the quality of the course.
I really enjoyed this Social Psychology course. I gained a lot of interesting information that has certainly improved different aspects of my life. Professor Scott Plous is an amazing, creative and inspiring social psychologist and lecturer. Thank you, Prof. Plous! Thank you, Coursera!
I learnt a lot through this course. Professor PLous is very funny and can explain complicated concepts in a very simple and clear way. Social Psychology is an instrument which we should all need to learn how to use and I hope more people can get enrolled in this course in the future!
Even though this course is for 7 weeks, I finished it in a month. This course is very entertaining and do not lets you to literally study. The one difficult problem that I had was very hard to read texts, but it's because English is not my native language.I'm gonna miss this course.
I enjoyed this course very much, I loves Scott Plous teaching methods, and enjoyed the videos very much.  I would take his courses anytime.  I thought he was very professional in including as much material as possible for people to leave knowing all the basic themes and much more.
Absolutely loved completing this course, it was so informative and enjoyable, the quizzes and assignments were great except the last quiz .This was my Achilles heel , but I stuck at it and I passed.. Thanks to all who were involved in this fab course,I really learned a great deal
i simply love the course and a big thank to prof Plous for teaching me about social psychology and its relevance in our society in today's world. I always wanted to learn about social psychology and what better way than to start with Prof Plous. thanku for this great opportunity!
This is such an incredible course. Even at an introductory level, this course offers many incredible insights into my own life and all the lives around me. And some of the assignments downright changed my way of thinking. I'm glad that I had the opportunity to take this course.
The course gave me a good foundation of social psychology. I would surely recommend it to the people who are looking to learn the basics of social psychology. And also Professor Scott Plous, he has done a great job in keeping the course material easier to understand and learn.
This has been the most illustrative ,fun,useful course I ever had!!! .Professor Scott Plous is outstanding ! I really encourage you all to take this course and the opportunity to become a better person.thanks to the WESLEYAN University  & COURSERA for setting this course up .
What a wonderful course! I learned so much about human interactions and human situational psychology that it inspired me to want to discover more. I believe the course was very well-crafted and effectively carried out, and hence learning was made effective as well. Thank you!
one of the most interesting courses I ever had. not just in the internet and MOOCs but even in real study. thank you Dr Plous and know that we are realy glad to have you as a teacher and so eager to have another course of yours. thanks to coursera and all the team. great work
An exceptionally enriching and informative course. The course is delivered through easy-to-understand reading materials and videos. I express my gratitude to Professor Scott Plous, the entire course-team and Wesleyan University for making this course available online. Thanks.
The textbook was so good I've ordered it. The professor kept the lessons engaging. The aim was to help us apply what we learned to make the world a better place. Interactions with students from around the world was enriching especially since this was about social psychology.
What an absolutely amazing &  awesome course on many levels.As we were in lockdown, I was able to immerse myself totally into it and to study all the optional materials and several books too.This paid off and I passed with honours.Thank you Professor Plous & team! Top Job!
I loved it! The course was very well structured. The lectures and readings weren't just informative, they were also very interesting . The assignments ensured that one actually retained what was taught, and also helped me apply social psychology to my personal experiences.
Amazing professor, as well as mentors like Sue who helped me in solving my issue with one of the assignments. This course also refreshed my memories on a lot of knowledge that I learned during my college years. Great course to take, amazing professor and mentors to have!
Awesome course, really enjoyed the lectures and readings. The assignments got me engage with others and allowed me to learn about class mates and how they see the world. Highly recommend this course to anyone as the subject matter is very applicable to all walks of life.
A very well structured course by Prof. Scott Plous. Presented in a fun and lucid way the very many difficult and complex concepts in social psychology. Strongly recommend this course to every citizen who wants to be more human and humane and discover humanity in others.
I genuinely had the best online meaning experience. To be so good at something that involved technology where there are chances for errors this course has aced it. The course made sure that I genuinely paid attention and didn't fool around. Simply wonderful experience!!
Very good course. I was skeptical at first as it is an online course, but I have learned so much in these 7 weeks. It definitely is a great introduction / summary to social psychology and Professor Plous has a very entertaining way of teaching. Never boring. Thank you!
The Social Psychology course helped me a lot to be honest. I am a very naive and innocent person and try not to see the bad in people. However, now I am aware of how people tried and managed to influence my views, opinions and reactions. Thank you for those new skills.
Best Psychology course in Coursera. It was definitely an amazing and super fun experience like no other course has to offer! I learnt a lot and my interest in Psychology has grown immensely to explore further. Special thanks to Professor Scott Plous and the team !! :)
Never thought an online course can be so interesting and powerful. Never felt that Prof. plous was not teaching in person. Great videos and commentary and exposure to most powerful ideas in Social psychology. I would strongly recommend that everyone takes this course.
I throughly enjoyed taking this class, and I’ve learned a lot about myself and my surroundings as I’ve made progress. I’ve particularly enjoyed the Stanford Prison Experiment video, discussions on empathy for enacting social reform, and understanding implicit biases.
I have done many MOOC courses on Coursera and other platforms, but this is probably the best course i have ever done. I honestly felt sad when i reached the last assigned video lecture. So much efforts have been put into the making of this course and it is THOROUGH!
A great course for those who enjoy social psychology or wish to know for another bias on already known topics. With complementary materials and interesting videotapes, this is one type of course that you definitely will not get out the same when you started. enjoy!
This course was amazing!  As practical as something that can be seen and felt. Saw what was being taught in my physical world and could easily relate. The facilitator was amazing too!  You guys did great, thanks for having me and I am glad I took this course! 😘😘
I really enjoyed this course. It’s but the tip of the iceberg, and I’m certain I will revisit things frequently. The lectures and course materials provided by Prof. Plous were excellent, and the background support (Sue L. ) was outstanding. Highly recommended  !
This the greatest course that I took, I encountered some problems in translation so I hope you to translate the course to the Arabic Language.

Thank you very much for everybody
I appreciate dr. Scott for supporting the learners and wish him good and his family
Superb and interesting course which helps us understand why humans behave the way we do and promotes self understanding and managing relationships with everyone around us. Highly recommend this course for people who seek deeper understanding of human behaviour.
I learned much important knowledge which is very useful in my whole life. This course led me to think more positively about what was bothering me in my social life. Thank you so much. I will continue learning and also output my learnings for my career and life.
Professor Scott Plous, it has been an honor to take this course. Your lessons are so clear and full of meaning, it has been a true pleasure. Thank you, it has been one of the best courses I have taken. Congratulations, I wish there were more teachers like you.
It really require a lot of effort to complete the course however, the assigned material especially the experiments, ted talk, animation videos, readings and lectures are really really good. Explain every aspect and theory crystal clear. Super good for beginner
I enjoyed this course a lottt :) Teacher Scott is one of the best teachers ever. I recommend everyone to take this, the whole course is very benefiting it will make you a better person and the assignments are really fun to do. All of the videos are really fun.
It has been one of the most useful and enjoyable courses that I've ever taken. Every week, I looked forward to watching Professor Plous' videos and learned something new not only about social psychology but about myself as well. Thank you very much, Mr. Plous!
A very helpful and well structured course that gives a clear understanding of social psychology. The assignments where also very intuitive and insightful. Professor Plous was a great mentor and humours as well. I thoroughly enjoyed being a part of this course.
Wonderful course! Probably one of the best and resourceful courses I have taken in coursera! Thank you so much for presenting such a high quality course! I learned a lot and hope more people will have chance to at least audit this course and harvest something!
This is one of the best courses that I've ever taken so far.. Thanks to Prof. Scott for making this course extremely interesting that I feel like I wanna re-take it again even though I've finished it almost a year already. I hope I can join your other classes.
It was awesome and insighful. the course materials are very engaging and i appreciate the effort put in my the lecturer and his team to pull together so many useful resources for this course. it was a very fun experience right from the beginning till the end.
Excellent course that challenges your held beliefs and helps you understand how we, as humans, interact with one another, influence others and understand ourselves.I've gained so much practical knowledge for my profession (marketing) and for my personal life.
This course was incredibly interesting! Thanks to Professor Plous and the Coursera team for these 7 weeks, I've had so much fun learning Social psychology with your interactive viseos and readings, I've learned a lot and want to continue my studies!Thank you!
Incredible course I learned so much in this course and I've learned so much about myself. This course also helped me shaped a lot of my perceptions for the better. Thank you Professor Plous and team for all the effort and hard work that went into this course!
Great class! The professor was informative and entertaining throughout. I was able to maintain interest in the material because of the way it was presented. The discussions and peer participation also made it feel more like an in-person university experience.
My profound gratitude goes to Prof. P. Scott, and the team that put this online course together. I had wonderful experiences with the various course content. The content is simply amazing. It has changed my perception about Psychology.Thank you and God bless
I totally enjoyed being a part of this course. I learnt a lot and will definitely put the knowledge to good use.I intend to Re-watch the videos and also refer to the study materials from time to time. Thank you to all the facilitators, it was worth the time.
I found this course extremely interesting, engaging and informative. The coursework is easily accessible and and easy to follow and there are a wide range of bonus readings and videos that peaked my interest. Professor Plous has designed an excellent course!
Excellent. Spread the positivity. This course allows us contemplate who we truly are. We are social creatures born to love and be loved. This course will remind you and give you many examples of how one can be positive and influence others in a positive way.
Professor Scott Plous is a saint for taking the time to help people like myself with this course. It was not only educational but incredibly entertaining and interesting. Thank  you so much for a wonderful experience! My life has been changed because of it!
This is a really interesting subject to learn. Every week is exciting because you will learn new social psychology dynamics. I applaud Mr. Scott Plous for sharing his expertise in psychology to learners who wants to gain an understanding about the subject.
This course deserves more than 5 star rating! This course covers areas of social psychology in great depth and very specifically tuned for online courses. Professor Scott Plous is extremely knowledgeable, thorough and fun Teacher....thank you so much Sir!
If you're interested in Social Psychology, that's the right course for you! Professor Mr. Scott Plous is amazing, funny and just make the weeks fly, keeping the level of interest way too high. I'm so glad I had the opportunity to be a member of his class.
This is an amazing course, i am the type who analyzes everyone around them and due to that it left me with various questions about their behavior , this course gave me answers to many of these questions and helped me understand their behavior much better
What a joy this course was! Thank you Prof. Plous for the absolute everything you put into in... the course material and videos were the best ever - the resources will be used even long after the course is over. Thank you, learning felt like a privilege!
Forever grateful to Dr. Scott Plous's way of teaching the concepts patiently and keeping us engaged throughout the process. Looking forward to learning more about social psychology, and try to use it for the better, for me as well as the world around :)
That's the first Coursera Course I've taken and it was one of the most enjoyable and useful experiences in my learning carrier so far. The hard work, the effort and love put in this course really do show up and it's totally worth the time I've invested.
Absolutely briliant . i enjoyed it and it took me less than the seven weeks to go through all the materials.very useful and also gives you a lot of optional resourses and directions on material to broaden ones perspective.Really pleased with the course
I found it very interesting, especially in terms of learning and understanding some basics of how the individual, the group and the society behave and why they do in certain ways and situations. Really pushes you to think outside your own comfort zone.
This is the best course to study social psychology on the internet. You won't feel bored in this course of lecture. The videos shown here are helpful in understanding the concepts in depth. Thanks to Coursera and team. Thank you Professor Scott Plous.
I loved everything about the Course , I got to learn a lot of things which would help me both Personally And Professionally , And I believe that everyone who is wants to study Psychology should do this Course , I love the way Prof.Scott Plous teaches
I am a student of psychology and in my under-graduation we have one paper on social psychology. Literally all topics were covered in this course, in fact I learned newer concepts and the resources and materials, videos and papers given are fantastic!
I am very grateful towards the course instructor Prof. Scott Plous to create such a wonderful and interesting course content and making available for everyone. This course on social psychology is really amazing and should be taken by every individual
Professor Plaus has made this course so simple to understand. I will recommend the course to everyone no matter what background they have. This is how we all will understand the society and ourselves better.Thank you, Professor! Thank you, Coursera!
I really appreciate the amazing effort that was put into this course by Professor Plous and his colleagues!  I learned so much valuable information that I can apply toward creating better relationships and a more harmonious society.  Thanks so much!
Took this just because another class I wanted hadn't started yet.  Turns out this class is way better than the other one and I have learned way more than I expected to.  Professor Plous has an amazing teaching style the is get for us adult learners.
Social Psychology is an amazing course which I really enjoyed. It is very informative, structured in a very good way and Professor Plous goes the extra mile to make it entertaining. Use the pandemic to educate yourself and enrol Social Psychology!
The course was terrific!!! All learning materials are flexible, complete and entertaining. The assignments and quizzes are very meaningful and collaborative. The instructor and mentors are responsive. The best online course I’ve enrolled so far 😊
this is very Good course as the professional learning i suggest for every psychologist those are in the areas of social psychology should part take this course, i appreciate for the struggle as you put for make a valuable course for us. THANK YOU
Thanks to professor Scott Plous and his marvelous team, the course became one of the best academic experiences in my life! It gives a student loads of material, but in a very clear and friendly structure and makes everyone love Social Psychology.
A course for curious minds regardless of your academic or professional background. One of the best I have taken so far, the design, the materials used (reading, videos) and of course a great instructor, Scott Plous. I enjoyed it a lot, thank you!
Exceptional course! Learned quite a lot about social psychology which i can use in various situations in daily life. Also helped to understand many factors that shape our society. Thank you professor Scott Plous for providing this amazing course.
The course has been a wonderful journey in understanding the world around me, as well as my own self.  The classes by Professor Scott Plous was indeed exceptional. I am going to miss knowing more about social psychology from his amazing classes.
I loved this course. Scott is a very funny guy and the way the course is build up, it doesn't feel like being back in school or so. I gained a lot of fascinating knowledge that I can use or just observe in my daily life and the people around me.
great course, was my first time studying online and I loved it, easy to understand how it works, the material was super interesting, and I really liked the way the teacher speaks. Really made me realize a few things I didn't think about before.
This course gave me a new perspective and vision to look into the world. I find it very useful . i would like to thank Professor Scott Plous and Wesleyan University for a great content on psychology , also to Coursera for providing this course.
The course is an amazing course, I would recommend it to anyone especially people interested in studying and understanding human behavior or those that wants to go into social psychology later in life, this is definitely a good place to start .
I really enjoyed this course. The way it was structured was very good. I liked that there was a variety of materials from videos to  reading, to assignments that were actually fun to do. I learned alot and would recommend this course everyone.
A well-organized, structured, fun, engaging, course on how individuals interact with groups or one another and the inner workings of the mind and background influences. I'd say it's suitable for beginners, but it can be overwhelming as well.
Excellent course! It is a great introduction into the word of social psychology and it is tremendously educational in a fun way. Hopefully it will shape some of my critical thinking in the future. I am truly happy to have taking this course.
Fantastic course, I have truly enjoyed and learned tons about why we humans act the way we do. Professor Plous is a pleasure to listen to and the team behind him has done a great job in making this course relevant and interesting. Thank you!
The course is outstanding. Thank you professor Plous - I can definitely see how much work you put into creating it. If you are interested in psychology field and consider to participate - do that. It is worth every minute spent on learning.
Very interesting and informative course. This course help me understand more about how the human's mind work, thus help me to not only understand why others act the way they do but also understand more about my own self. Highly recomended.
Despite the fact I've been studying psychology since being a student, I  got a huge amount of interesting and new information. This is the best course I've ever taken! Thank to professor Plous and coauthors very much. I had a lot of fun!!!
It is an excellent course to enhance your knowledge of the subject and challenges continuously your thoughts. Lectures and materials of very high quality. I felt engaged from the beginning to the end and thankful for the entire experience.
Psychology is something, which attracts few and is really worth to study. I'm a mechanical engineer and chose social psychology course and really very happy for my decision. I recommend this course if you are reading this.. God bless you.
One of the best courses I've ever had. The instructor delivered the lectures in a unique way, and the overall course was very well structured and informative. It also motivates people to look further into the subject of social psychology.
I indeed had an amazing experience in this course. It taught me so much about human relationships, behaviour and group psychology. I loved how interactive the video and discussion forums were. Overall it really was an amazing experience.
most fun but also most difficult course i have learnt !! very informative and i suggest everyone to do honor assignment. I did with my family and it was a great experience and super fun. Thank you everyone who made this course happen.
The course was both educational and fun. The lessons were kept interesting with a variety of learning  modules - from videos to reading to animations. And the breadth of the coverage for a certificate course was fairly comprehensive.
Very interesting and well put together class. Professor Plous is a very dynamic instructor, and in addition to the class lectures and reading material I really enjoyed the informal skype videos of Philip Zimbardo and Mahzarin Bahari.
I enjoyed this course so much! It was a great learning opportunity with a lot of insights and you can get connected with fellow students all over the world studying the course at the same time. Highly recommended to any human being!
This is a very simple & very practical course designed to introduce important concepts of Social Psychology. it progressed like a waterfall till I finished it with clear understanding of the subject. I would strongly recommend this.
Learning about social psychology was very informative and helped me to gain insight into various aspects of psychology which was new to me and want to thank all the mentors in providing support and guidance in learning this course.
This course is one of the essentials for whoever person studying whatever field, it applies for every single aspect in human life, and the best Teacher ever with the funniest and knowdlegable methodology. Really loved this course.
215/5000
The Social Psychology course is wonderful. Interesting, creative and inspiring. I am very grateful to all colleagues and teachers, especially to the fun and didactic Professor Plous! I would love to welcome you to Brazil!
This was one of the best courses. Even though I never met professor Plous, it always felt like I saw him everyday and knew him personally. Great content, and it taught me so much more than I thought there was to Social Psychology.
Great experience, I really enjoyed the challenge of sharing and learning about others and Social Psychology.  I believe this can be a great resource to have for many personal and workplace situations that come up from day to day!
As far as social psychology is concerned, there's no better tutor than Professor Scott. He makes learning so fun, intriguing and interesting. By purchasing social psychology from Wesleyan University, you'll get value for money.
I am very happy about this course. I helped me a lot in understanding others and myself. From the beginning of this course, I have started applying social psychology teachings in my daily life. Thank you very much, Professor!
I loved the course! The contents were very informative and interesting. Thank you coursera and Proff Plous for setting up such a course which was so interesting for students like me who had never studied psychology before!
This course has helped me in both my professional and personal life. I found it very interesting and easy to understand even though I didn't study Psychology. Excellent teacher and very good video references and readings.
One of the best course in understanding Social Psychology.  The content, readings, assignments and exams  were well thought out . I enjoyed the lectures and the videos by Prof. Scott Plous.  Excellent course !  Thank You!
Great, great content! Prof Plous was very engaging and the course material, recommended readings and tasks were really good! I made a dozen friends that I hope to keep in touch with plus learned a lot about me and others!
Very insightful and engaging course!The reading material is highly informative and the assignments are hands on application of the theory learnt. Extremely well designed course!! Kudos to Prof and the course designers!!!
I wasn't entirely sure what to expect from this course when I signed up. I am happy that I decided to join and earn a certificate! The content was well organized and formatted. I certainly suggest this course to others!
It was the best course I ever have. English isn’t my first language. But that was never an obstacle. I have learned so much and I hope, that I will never forget it. It was an honor to learn from you. Many many thanks!!
The course of Prof. Plous is really exceptional! The material proposed is very rich, diverse and well-organized, and, most importantly, very well explained.  A great overview to Social Psychology, highly recommended!
amazing instructor, awsome video tutorials with cases. Somewhere assignments are time taking & complex in nature. The exam, the quiz is quite interesting to attend. Overall, a nice course to start with as a beginner.
Scott P. is engaging, lively, and covers so many different subjects for Social Psychology!  I love all the free videos, the jokes, and the Day of Compassion Social Experiment.  I'm so happy I got to take this class!
This was beyond my expectations; I learned a lot about others and about myself, I helped others and got closer to the version I want to become, and above all, I had a lot of fun. Excellent! I am honestly speechless.
Learned that to question myself and my value and accept change . Learned to keep my interaction positive with others and ask what happen to them ? and how can I help them ? use myself as a powerful agent of change .
I have done a few psychology courses but this course was really special. I did things over there like writing 2000 word essays that I did not think I would be able to do otherwise. I am really glad I did the course.
Professor Plaus is very interactive and engaging with his lectures. A 10 minute lecture segment will feel like it just flew by. Everything he teaches is applicable to daily life, it's an absolutely wonderful course.
I was an amazing opportunity for me to do and learn so much with this course. Special thank you to the Charismatic Professor Scott Plous for making it so enjoyable. I couldn't have chosen a better course for myself.
This is the only online course I've taken that manages to be informative and exciting at the same time. Professor Plous and the team does a wonderful job of making this course as engaging as an online course can be!
This course even more intensifies my great love for Psychology that I plan to take a minor on Social Psychology or even a dual course on it. Who knows? A course that will have a long lasting positive impact on you.
great course. professor plous is very successful in providing the essence of the context and keeping the interest of the student alive with so many examples, videos, animated lectures, guest lectures and TED talks.
Extremely detailed, interactive, relevant and interesting overall. The teaching methods are effective and special gratitude to Professor Scott Plous for pioneering Social Psychology at Coursera and excelling at it.
The professor is amazing and the content is mostly light hearted and fun even though we covered some sensitive social issues. I would recommend this course to everyone who is looking to improve their social impact.
One of the best and most resourceful courses i  have ever taken. I don't think we will learn anything better than this in India. Even if I enroll myself for a two year full time post graduate course in Psychology.
I loved this course, learnt so much and have been able to put those learnings into practice. I think my colleagues might have had enough of me praising the importance of social psychology. Definitely recommend it.
Coursera is providing vast varieties of courses covering all trades .I completed social psychology course here. Lectures are awesome very good study material. What we expect it provides more than that.I loved it.
Really fun, challenging, and insightful course. I recommend for anyone interested in the human experience. Professor Plous is a fantastic guide into the world of human behavior and psychology! I highly recommend.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, all thanks to the Coursera team for designing the course in such an adaptive manner and major thanks to Professor Scott Plous. You are an amazing teacher with a very cute smile.
indeed a great experience, It felt like I was traveling along the instructor Scott Plaus. He made it excellent and informative. More than a real class room it is awesome..Great learning in a great way. Thank You
This is one of the most interesting course that I have ever taken. It is very informative and useful! Thank you Professor Scott Plous and the team for the interesting lectures and reading material. Thank you! :)
It is an amazing course.I love the way Prof.Scott teaches and one should definitely take this course. I am a school student and this course has helped me a lot ,it has changed the way I look things and society.
It is a wonderful course and gained lot from this course as a Psychology student. I sincerely that Dr. Scott Plous for his great contribution and you are a wonderful teacher. All the best for your new ventures.
What an eye opening ,inspiring course!! Prof Plous did such an amazing job , I wish he could teach all my online classes. Thank you so very much to Prof Plous and everyone who made this online course available
One of the best course available on coursera. The content, Material, Way of explanation, Structure of the course, everything is amazingly perfect. It is deep, insightful, fun and highly impactful, all at once.
Excellent course!  Worth the time and effort!  You learn very interesting things about how we as humans interact with one another and how our behavior is often controlled by circumstances outside of ourselves.
Thank you so much Prof...This course has transformed my life.. I can't unlearn what have learn in this course. Hope to study further ... Truly knowledge is power. I would recommend this course to anyone 110%.
I thought the course was absolutely fantastic, it was thought provoking and I learned so much. The lectures and readings are easy to understand, and it's interactive, which is great, it keeps you on the ball.
Learned many things about human behaviors and societies. Special thanks to Dr. Scott Plous, Wesleyan University and Cousera for such a great course and their generosity to make the course available for free.
This is an exceptional course, Professor Plous is an amazing lecturer. The content of the course is massively interactive and educational. The quality is very high and I enjoyed the time spent on the course.
This course provided me a wide knowledge in an attractive and fun way. I appreciate the course providers' effort in this course. I highly recommend it to the people who are interested in Social Psychology.
one of the most interesting course! thanks all you guys< special thanks to our teacher Scot Plaus for making our study as an amazing journey in social phycology ! best regards Aiym Rakhimzhanova Kazakhstan
This is my first time sticking up with an online course until the end. Professor Plous is absolutely the best teacher I have ever had and the concepts were so interesting I could not give learning a break.
I like this course very much as well as ProfessorScott Plous.  I do hope that this kind of courses should be implemented for credit to undergrads.   Thank you Professor Plous for the job excellently done.
Amazing course to know more about things which happen to us daily in our social settings! Do take for an impressive journey to be pleasantly surprised and beak barriers of previously held beliefs and bias
I really enjoyed the course and find Professor Plous very good and entertaining. I believe that the focus on empathy, and the analysis of compassion and relationships is very helpful. Thank you very much.
Take this class if you want to challenge yourself and learn about society as well as psychology. You end the course with the Compassion Day project, which makes this class one of my favorite classes ever!
A very good course. I enjoyed everything about it. It challenges you, your way of thinking and makes you assess what you already know. And the instructor is so good, kudos to you Prof. Plous and your team
It's great! It taught me a lot and it revived that passion I had for psychological experiments. I hope one day, I will be as great as all of the psychologist in this course. Teacher Scott Plous is aweome!
Very good course, Professor Plous is really amazing, the way the course is done is fantastic and what you learn is invaluable, people should really join and learn some social psychology with this course.
I gained more than expected. From Professor Plous's great narration to great variety of course materials, this course provides  a whole new insight for the world around us and the world within ourselves.
Many thanks for creating this course. I learned many useful concepts about social psychology and these ideas help me a lot in daily life. I appreciate very much this course materials. Thanks from Madrid.
It was a great course to know about many topics on social psychology.I was stimulated to think about many social topics and norms and gained a lots of new perspectives.Hope it becomes a specialization!!
Very interesting course!! Lecturer was very engaging and the course was very well-organised and easy to follow. The course definitely further sparked my interest in pursuing further study in the field.
I really enjoyed the course and learned so much. I thank Professor Plous in providing this amazing curriculum and allowing everyone to learn at their own speed. Just amazing that we can learn for free!
Professor Plous is an extremely engaging teacher, and I would totally recommend this course to anyone who is even remotely interested in social psychology. You'll fall in love with the field. I did. :)
Very interesting author's course. It inspires! This course would be even more impressive if the final test is replaced with my own research, or the test questions are formalized to a greater extent.
Such a wonderful course, enlightening, compelling and fun! Professor Plous is an amazing source of education and kindness throughout the 7 weeks. Thank you soon much for this learning opportunity.
Absolutely loved this course - great material and learning resources. Would highly recommend to anyone interested in an intro course to social psychology. Professor Plous is a fantastic teacher.
I found this course to be exceptionally informative on social psychology and I would also recommend others to take this course. My sincere thanks to professor Scott Plous and Wesleyan University
I am so grateful to Coursesa , Wesleyan university and  Prof Scott Plous for the amazing course, I have learned so much about myself and life in general during  this course, Thank you very much.
Excellent Course. I hope to use the learning in my real life and continue reading more about Social Psychology. Thanks to Coursera and Scott Plous , Wesleyan University for bringing the course.
I absolutely enjoyed partaking in this course. It was a lot more difficult than expected but I enjoyed the challenge and learned a lot over that last 2 months.  Definitely would recommend it.
Very thoughtfully set up, as to get you involved in a variety of ways- through videos, readings, discussion boards, etc. It is a very thought provoking course and I would highly recommend it.
i was caught up in an infinite loop of technology and business courses, this one was a welcome break, a breath of fresh air that helped in expanding the mind and thinking of people as people.
This course did not only let me extend my knowledge in Psychology but also grow as a person. It is very relevant to the events that are happening in the world and broadens one's perspective.
The course was constructed so good and that it inoculates interest in everyone. I would recommend this to everyone who would like to have a alternate view of life and the happenings around.
Absolutely loved the course. I believe it has helped me better understand the workings of human interaction and also to be a better person and will definitely pursue a future in Psychology.
Such an immersive learning experience! You'll come out more knowledgeable and more concerned with the state of our world. This is undoubtedly one of the best courses Coursera has to offer.
This is an awesome course. Life changing content explained with fun. Easy to understand examples and lecture but with so much content and important knowledge!Totally recommend this course!
Many thanks to Coursera. This is an awesome course which I strongly recommend. I really learned from this online course.  Many thanks to Professor Scott for his great work and of teaching.
Very interesting class, I really learned a lot. And I absolutely enjoyed Dr Plous, he is a outstanding teacher. I hope I am able to take more classes he instructs in the future. Thank you
If there is one course I would recommend it for anyone, this is the one to go for.  Social Psychology is a great branch to get involved in. Great Professor and interesting course content.
It was very informative and educative. The course was well laid with proper spacing between lectures and great study work. I strongly recommend this course to Social Psychology aspirants.
Loved this course! The lessons and the readings were always super interesting and useful. It helps you understand small things that happen in the day to day life and it opens a new world.
A wonderful course that covers a sweeping range of social issues. It has been an entertaining and educational ride through social psychology and I'm so happy to have completed this course
Stellar course by Professor Plous. It has mde me think and look at life and its participants from a different perspective, in a different light. Thank you very much Professor & Coursera.
Personality I have a great experience taking this course. Now, I have a new vision about the human thinking and people beahaviour. I am very grateful with all the Social Psychology Team!
Very informative and fun. I have to praise profesor Plous for such detailed analyses, documentaries and interesting reading materials. I wholeheartedly recommend this course to everyone!
First course and I must say it's set a very high standard. Thoroughly engaged entirely, Prof Scott's a great entertainer who's been able to put this course together beautifully- 5 stars!
Professor Plous is very engaging and made the course very enjoyable to complete.  I could listen to more lectures.   Thank you for putting this together and making it informative and fun
What an enjoyable course! I've learnt so much thru out this course and the knowledge given is very useful in our daily lives. And I love Prof. Plous videos! Fun and interactive sessions!
I loved this course! Professor Scott Plous is an amazing professor and I've learned so much about social psychology. Now I kind of miss learning from him, it has been an amazing 6 weeks.
Social Psychology is facinating. So much was included in the course that I'm sure I could take it again and learn so much more.  Also the presentation of the material was extraordinary.
I am extremely grateful to Professor Scott Plous for doing this course. I have learnt a lot and have thoroughly enjoyed the learning process. Thank you once again for enriching my life.
i get a great knowledge form our professor Scott Plous.thank you sir for given such a great knowledge and experience to me .very good thinking and enjoyable course.thank you professor.
Sir Scott Plouse Is A Really Great Man and He Is The Master In This Field.I am Very Glad That I Learned From Him. I am Looking Forward To Learn Something More From Him. Great Teacher!!
This course has opened my mind to new and unexpected realities. There is lots of good information here, applicable to professional and personal life. Lots of studies will surprise you.
The best course on Coursera ever. Range of knowledge earned from taking this course is unbelievable and Professor Plous is super accommodating and entertaining throughout all lectures.
Thank you Professor Plous I´ve leraned a lot of social psychology with this course, many things are useful for my career I´m very pleased with your job, take care and have a good life.
This is my very first completed course on coursera. Thoroughly enjoyed the journey. Cheers to Prof Scott Plous and team for making the course interactive and engaging. Thanks a lot !!!
The course was quite entertaining and instructive for me. Thanks to pop-up questions,this was an interactive learning experience. Many thanks to Professor Plous and the Coursera team.
I  am very glad for taking this course I am shure it would make a big change in my own life as well as family friendships and someone else. I sincerely thank you for all your support
I thought this was the most thought-provoking and intuitive MOOC. A big shoutout to Dr. Plous and the Coursera team for making this happen. I can already feel the growth manifesting.
I really enjoyed the course. Professor Plous is amazing! I learned a lot of interesting stuff in this class and I am happy to say that I would take psychology for my master degree :)
The course is perfect for those interested in gaining more knowledge in Social Psychology! It is a truly beneficial and valuable course. Thank you Dr. Scott for your great efforts!!
This is the best Social Psychology course I have ever taken. I wanted to study Psychology when I was younger nut to have done it now and better understand. Professor Plous is great!
The course is very well designed. The assignments are meaningful. Of course Prof. Plous is very knowledgeable, wise and full of compassion. Many thanks to Prof. Plous and Coursera!
Professor Scott Plous was Brilliant! He made learning interesting and fun. I couldn't have had a better instructor. Thank you for all the effort that you have put into this course.
It is my favorite class in Coursera! It was eye-opening and intellectually challenging. Scott Plous is amazing teacher. I would love him to teach more classes so I can take them.
Very good course. A lot of useful materials and possibilities to think about things that we often miss in our daily lifes. It allowed me to better understand other people and me.
Outstanding course i have ever done in my entire life !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Loved it  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you Prof Scott Plous for this making this wonderful  course.
For my first online course it was fantastic. I learned so much about myself and how to be a better person. Hopefully i can try another similar course in the field of Psychology.
A lot of info ingrained into the course.The tasks you have to do are a bit complicated and it is a bit hard for someone outside the field, but it gets there!Totally recommended
Extremely well structured, full of contents and interesting resources. The Prof. was engaging and very competent. It felt like following a proper uni course.Glad I attended it!
The greatest and the most wonderful course which I have done through Coursera. Learned lots of things which are relevant to both external and internal relationships. Thank you!
It is one of the most engaging courses in Coursera. It was so informative and professor Scott is such a nice instructor. I am glad that I took this course. It really changed me
IT IS ANA AMAZING COURSE AND REALLY FUN TO ATTEND..... IT IS INDEED VERY INTERACTIVE. AND ESPECIALLY PROF. SCOTT PLOUS IS INCREDIBLY AMAZING HUMAN BEING AND A GREAT INSTRUCTOR
I really appreciate the opportunity to increase my knowledge. I enjoyed a lot. the lectures were clear & apprehensive! thank you wesylen uni. I totally recommend this course
Probably the best course I've taken; online or in class. I wish everyone made courses like this. The determination and hard work that Professor put into this is commendable.
Professor Plous has done an amazing job on making an interesting and interactive course about Social Psychology.  Thank you for your amazing effort and teaching, Professor!
This is one of the best psychology courses on the Internet!
Many thanks to Professor Plus and Coursera for the opportunities, for new knowledge and new skills!Best Regards!
Great course with lots of information about the behaviour of society. Instructor too is well informed. In my opinion, everyone should do this course for a better tomorrow.
This course was amazing! I loved every second of it, and Professor Plous's warmth, sense of humor, and vast amount of information made this both informative and enjoyable.
When I completed the course, I felt like I just left a warm hug. That's how good the course is :)Great instructor and a truly nice community of learners. Highly recommend!
Nice course. But the since the assignments are peers to evaluate, so I have seen 5 out of 9 people are cheating and I have reported them. They are using the same passage.
fantastic course. you get access to alot of insightful videos and many relevant case studies. it invites you to think deep and see how it applies to your own daily lives.
I did myself a huge favor by taking this course. It was very enlightining. Thank all who made it possible and special thanks to Scott Plous for being such a good speaker.
at first i wasn't sure whether i should do this course or not , but this course is worth it. I love our mentor Prof. Scott Plous, he taught us so well. I will miss him..
A brief, interesting, well-organized online course.Great opportunity to learn about social psychology and meet people with similar tastes and interests around the world.
Love this course! Good introduction to psychology for beginners like me, and in-depth resources to enhance my understanding. Prof Scott is also engaging and interesting!
Thank you Prof. Plous and all the staffs involved in giving me the opportunity to learn about social psychology through many interesting videos, lectures, and readings.
The course was on many aspects eye-opening and taught so many different and wondrous things related to the human mind. It was an amazing experience taking this course!!
Best MOOC course ever.It really changed my attitude thought process within the duration of two months.Great work by the tutor.He is absolutely amazing,really loved him.
At first you might think that this course is uninteresting.. but oh boy, you're gonna be learning lots of information, enjoying the course and you'll never regret this.
Exceptional as an introductory online course. would recommend to all...A good initiative to build a socially aware, compassionate and scientifically inclined community.
I am glad I took up this course. Really helps in personal development and gives you a better perspective at life. Best psychology course you can probably get out there.
i feel blessed to take up this course , i will i have the funding to pay for certificate, can my certificate be kept pending when i pay to collect, that would be great.
the course has amazing instructor , if you'll really commit to the course you can clearly see and appreciate the amount of effort that has been put into this course !!
Professor Plous and Coursera have done an excellent job providing free, valuable, and engaging materials. Many of the readings and the lectures were also pretty funny.
I loved this course. It helped me a lot personally and also just in general with the way i carry myself, the way i interact and handle many situations I am faced with.
It was great. I would highly recommend this course to anyone, from any discipline. Professor Plous was an amazing instructor. Thank you so much, everyone at Coursera.
Professor Plous is a good teacher, the course is very engaging and fun. I learned plenty of new and useful things and found a few interesting topics to study further.
This course will most certainly helps you in every aspects of your life whether its for career or for your personal life. This course will helps you in every aspect.
Thank you for this amazing course. Since I do not have many chances to take courses like this in university, it has been a great journey exploring social psychology.
Exceptional course. I learned so much! Extremely eye opening and thought provoking. The instructor was very engaging, and the videos/ bonus reading were exceptional.
Absolutely great to learn from the  COURSE a lot, in present situations and scenario of the WORLD !!!Thanks a lot to Prof. Plous and Wesleyan University fro that !!!
It was an awesome experience. I gain so much knowledge from this course. This course certificate will definitely help in achieving my future goals.Thank you so much.
Excellent course! I highly recommend to anyone who would like to explore the world of Social Psychology or to just simply learn about themselves and their behaviour.
This was the most enriching study experience I have ever had. Thank you to Professor Plous and Cousera team. My career and influence are forever changed this course.
I had a great time. It wasn't just about about education, it was more like infotainment. The course was great. Thank you, Mr. Scott Plous. I'll always be grateful.
Thanks so much for this very insightful course. I have learnt so much and also a lot about myself. Thanks to Professor Plous for his time, his clarity and empathy
Thankyou sir for this amazing course.Classes are more interactive and interesting....I am so glad that I selected this course.Once again Thankyou and God bless !!
A very insightful and interesting course taken by a passionate and caring professor - Scott Plous. I definitely recommend this to others interested in psychology!
This was a fabulous course; very in-depth and interesting.  I learnt so much and enjoyed it, too!  Thanks to Scott Plous and his team for presenting this course.
I recommend this course to anyone who is interested in understanding people and relations in general. It is very well designed and Professor Plous is brilliant !
I loves this course, very rich with a lot interesting real life experiments videos and reading. The instructor Dr. Plous is great, highest respect (Chapeau bas)
The course was immensely helpful for giving me a rational and clear perspective. I highly recommend taking this course by super interesting professor Scout Plus
I had a great experience taking this course. Not only is it an interesting course, the professor Scott Plous makes things fun to learn. I would 100% recommend!
Awesome course! I enjoy it because it is very usefull in those days. Help me a lot to understand how connect and be more empathy  with my family and community.
Wonderful and interactive programme with great informative videos and guest speakers. And of course, kudos to Scott Plous for delivering such impactful agenda.
Thank you! I had a great experience. This course is great for beginners as well as for people wanting to add and brush-up on their social psychology knowledge.
It is an excellent course, it will serve you in your daily life and above all at the end of the course it will no longer be tiresome but it will be a routine.
Amazing introduction to social psychology, the course was very interactive and covered a wide range of topics. Looking forward to studying this topic further.
One of the best courses to understanding the basics of Social Psychology. Course content is good and professor Scott Plous deliver it in an amazing way to us.
Very interesting for my first course in Psychology. I liked Professor Pious and his teaching style.As a result I am taking positive psychology next .Thank you
Fantastic course!  The video lectures were very effective and the reading materials quite valuable.  Thank you all so very much for this wonderful experience!
this  course is amazing , I want to keep doing it , I don't want it to end !!!Scott is such a great teacher thank you so much for making it available to us !!
This course helped me understand myself and the world better. It actually increased my inquisitiveness to understand psychology and neuroscience more deeply.
One of the best course I've ever taken and it's completely for free! Thankyou coursera! Thankyou Mr. Scot! You should definitely enroll to this class, guys!
The course was extremely well conducted. Professor Plous was very informative and humorous throughout the length of the course. I loved every minute of it!
This is the first course that I take all the reading and materials seriously. Very insightful! Thank you Scott and everyone who made this course available.
The best part of the course was the Honors discussion with peers. I recommend everyone sign up for that. There are a few glitches with the Snap Shot Quiz.
WONDERFUL COURSE CONDUCTED BY AN EQUALLY WONDERFUL INSTRUCTOR PROF SCOTT PLOUS. VERY HAPPY TO COMPLETE THE COURSE. LOT TO LEARN IN 7 WEEKS TIME. GREAT :)
It was a really amazing course. Learnt so much about human psychology. I would suggest everyone who can do this course, pretty sure you will love it too.
The best course I've done in this website, excelent professor, tons of content, knowledge that goes far beyond academic uses. A life changing experience.
As someone who has never taken a Psych course, I found this very interesting and the class was very well put together!  Will definitely take another one.
I was skeptical but as the course progressed i ended up getting the paid certificate because I found that much value in the course for future to showcase
very useful and excellent course. all the video, reading, and assignments are all well organized. this course really change my attitudes towards my life.
This course is really worth not only in terms for gaining the subject knowlege but more in terns of self-help and interospection of one's own behaviour.
Professor Scott Plous is a phenomenal teacher, I had a blast during this course and I got interested in a subject I had very little prior experience in.
I learned a lot more in this course than I imagined. The instructor is great, the material very well selected and the discussions were very interesting.
amazing course, I would recommend it to more people!Kudos to Professor Plous, Wesleyan University and Coursera for putting together this amazing course.
Very good course, perfect and very effective. Professor Scott is very very good, it made me want to know more about social psychology, a lot of success!
A very good and enlightening course! Concepts are well explained with examples in our daily lives. One of the few courses that give an immediate impact.
Amazing!Very engaging and with vast resources. Very well structured and delivered. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Professor Plous makes this course come alive.
This class was a great way to spend my time in quarantine. It was equally challenging as it was interesting, creating a wonderful balance for learning.
The best course I've ever taken. The assignments were thought provoking. Great learning experience. A huge shout out to the instructor Dr. Scott Plous.
engaging videos and deep content. it's quite a heavy courseload compared to most courseras but if you're interested in psychology, definitely worth it!
It was lengthy at first time, but gradually it became interesting and I learned very fast and it was fun and interactive all along with the professors.
An amazing course that i would suggest to everyone. It should actually be mandatory.it helps you discover yourself.Taking the course one, is not enough
A wonderful course with an excellent lecturer. I know infinitely more than I did 2 months ago. A big thank you to Prof. Plous for his time and effort.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. The lectures and assigned readings were all very interesting and the bonus materials added to the experience.
It was a great experience taking this course! Terrific opportunity to expand your knowledge about social psychology. Thanks a lot to Professor Plous!
What an awesome experience.It has been a wonderful ride for me, indeed coursera is where to go if you want to update your knowledge.Thank Coursera...
This is really Helpful for me to understand improve myself. also it help me for further learning .thanks prof. Scott Plous and all others to help me.
I enjoyed every single lecture in this course from the past weeks. I highly recommend taking this course, you will learn a lot from Professor Scott.
Great course. Everyone should have knowledge about social psychology. It can help us handle our personal and professional life in a much better way.
Excellently designed video lectures and readings. Strongly recommend this course to someone who wants to have a beginners perspective on psychology.
This was the most in-depth course I've taken so far. Professor Plous put a lot of time and energy into developing this course, and it really shows.
The most enjoyable course I've come across in Coursera. I took this course purely out of interest, but I gained many fresh perspectives. Thank you!
I really liked this course as it opened my mind to a completely new way of looking at the world and how the way people act and react to situations.
One of the most rewarding courses I have taken. I could notice the difference in me immediately. I am fortunate to be Prof.  Scott Plous's student.
Absolutely fun and knowledgeable course. Can change your perception about many day to day activities, your behavior and attitude towards something.
thank you it was the most enjoyable coarse to take ever and professeur polus has an amazing way to teach you which is not boring but interesting .
Very Interactive and insightful course. Loved each moment of it. Heady mix of information with real life examples and applications and plain fun.
Excellent course and the way professor scott plous has made it.- remarkable. thanks professor for the insight into the world of social psychology
Psychology has always intrigued me and this course is like an interesting trip to an exotic location that I have been wanting to take ever since.
I had a great experience learning over the duration of this course. Many aspects relate to our daily and professional lives. Highly recommended.
Videos were interesting and the readings were as well! So glad that the textbooks were available for free... Thank you so much Professor Plous!!
A course that I will remember fondly, I hope that more people can take it and change their ways of thinking a little, just as I have. Thank you!
I highly recommend this course. So much to learn, easy to comprehend and you'll come out of it with better understanding of yourself and others
From this course, I learned a completely new way to think about my daily life. I will keep learning in social psychology for a life-long topic.
Delivered with tremendous humour, great enthusiasm, incredible insight, innovative videos and terrific engagement. Hugely impressed. Thank you!
Professor Plous provides a very interactive and engaging way to learn and comprehend all of Social Psychology's terms and concepts. I loved it.
The time and efforts put into this course was worth it, I enjoyed myself all the way from the beginning to the end.Thanks Professor Scott Plous
Excellent course on Beginners' social psychology. I recommend it to everyone from different stream to learn and bring out the positive change.
The Course is holistic approach to understand social behaviour. New insights in my understanding the society better and eventually the world.
This is such a great course! I'm thankful for Prof. Plous and everyone who's put a lot of effort in this course. Thank you for the knowledge.
This is the best course of all that I have taken! I really enjoyed it! The professor is the best! I really love love love every second of it!
I really interesting course where you learn a lot, get new perspectives and enjoy the insightful and delightful presentations by Prof. Plous
An exceptional experience, learnt a lot. Changed my views and perceptions. Everyone should try this course. It'll have life changing effect.
I really enjoyed the class. I learned new things that if I had not taken the course I would not have learned. I enjoyed the teaching method.
Thank you for this course. It has been a different experience to what I expected and I experienced in other courses, thanks professor Plous.
Definitely worthwhile, and I can't believe it is for free! Everyone should take this and learn more about themselves and people around them!
Amazing course. Lots of interesting studies and facts are presented. It is very usefull for daily live and the knowledge obteined was great.
The course was very interesting! Prof. Plous was very knowledgeable and easy to connect with in the way he taught. Very much appreciate it!
what can i say. I enjoyed each chapters, each illustrations and everyday i learn something new. I am actually sad that course get finished.
such a wonderful course, it has been an amazing journey with professor Scott . I have learned a lot and would strongly recommend to others.
Such a great and insightful course! Prof. Plous does a wonderful job to make the course feel authentic, engaging and extremely interesting.
Dear Professor Plous and all those who helped create this course, Thank you so much for a wonderful, fun and engaging learning experience!
This course is great, very informative and easy to follow. Prof. Plous is an amazing teacher and it is really nice to follow his lectures.
An excellent course.  Though I did not take the quizzes or tests, I still learned a great deal from the lectures and readings.  Thank you!
An amazing course and well delivered. Thanks to Professor Plous, staff & moderators, Wesleyan University and all those behind the scenes.
Thank you to professor Plous to encourage me, inspire me, and help me to obtain more acknowledgment throughout the process of the course.
very informative and I loved the lectures :-) I have learnt so much about us as as individuals in our society. I definitely recommend it!
Enrolling in this online course has proven to be one smart decision! Professor Plous made this class seem enjoyable and very interesting!
This course is really of great help for me and I often repeat viewing the courses to gain deep understanding and to apply my life events.
One of the best courses I have had in recent times. The course content is amazing. Heartfelt congratulations and thanks to Prof. Plous !
Thanks to Coursera and Wesleyan University for this beautiful course, and thanks to the Professor Plous to give us so many knowledges!!!
It exceded all my expectations. I loved the course. Learned so much and the classes were just incredible. Thank you for the opportunity.
Such a interesting course and professor is really very very friendly and very very very good. Love you sir from the bottom of my heart,
Since this was the first time I was doing ANY course in psychology, it was very well explained and interesting. I enjoyed it very much.
You will never regret taking this course! It will have profound long lasting effect on your life. I really enjoyed taking this course!
It's my third course on Coursera and it is the most interesting and really useful. It's a pity that it is  available only in English.
It was a very informative and fun course. Thanks to Professor Plous who made Social Psychology so interesting to learn. Great course!
this was/is one of those subject that i always loved and this course is well worth to explore the interest towards social psychology.
This is the best course I have even done online. All the lectures and assignments are very interesting and very practical life based.
A big thank you to professor Scott Plous! I learned so much not only about social psychology itself, but myself and my relationships.
I loved this course. So interesting and well presented. The only challenge was the final exam, make sure you take notes and study up!
This course is exceptionally good for a beginner in Social Psychology. It helped me understand myself and others better than before.
i like the videos and wide variety of reading materials, i am sure that in the future i will apply all the knowledge i obtained here
I learned a lot and it was really fun as well. Scott Plous is a great teacher and all the external lectures where really well chosen
This course gives me a great amount of realistic knowledge that I can apply right away in my daily life activities and relationships
It's so happy I can learning about Social Psychology online!I especially like the DOC ! It makes me having a day I haven't imagine!
Excellent course! Great materials, really insightful and Prof Plous is really congenial and made learning really easy!! Thank you!!
Professor Scott Plous has structured the course very well in an interactive way keeping students interested throughout the course.
Enjoyed this course very much.This course help me to learn some basic about social psychology and its imply in our modern society.
exceptionally designed course. better than the other 4 courses that I have done on Coursera. looking forward to more such courses.
Totally manageable, super interesting course.  Well formatted and organized.  Learned a lot that I can implement in my daily life!
Wonderful and very insightful. It actually helped me to rethink crucial aspects of my life and the way I see my surrounding world.
Excellent course, beautifully drafted by Prof. Scout plous. I have learned a great deal of social psychology through this course.
Very well structured and interesting, would certainly enrol in a more advanced social psychology online course if made available.
It was a realy nice course giving a lot of inside into the different aspects of social psychology in an interesting ans fun way!
Professor Plous is probably one of the best teachers that you will find on Coursera. I would definitely recommend this course!!!
Great course!! I really learned a lot of new interisting concepts that can be applied to real life. Thanks a lot for the course!
It was pleasure to study this course . very informative . thank you to give me the opportunity to study a great course like that
I gained very many new insights in this course. I am super grateful to Prof Plous and the team for their great work. Well-done!
This is just not a course, it is an experience of lifetime. Thank you Dr Scott and Wesleyan University for enriching our lives.
The best teacher ever!! He made the course super interesting and gave examples that made all the contents easier to understand.
Excellent course. I am thankful to Dr. Scott and team to have given me funding aid and the opportunity to complete this course.
I recommend this for everyone who desires to be more enlightened of everyday actions that carry more meaning than we imagined.
Professor Scott Plous as become a role model to me. Thanks for this course. I'm deeply passionate about social psychology now.
I loved the course, the resources, and the lectures. It includes great interviews with amazing professionals. 100% recommended
I really enjoy this course. I learn a lot of new things on social psychology. Thank you coursera and Mr. Scott Plous. Amazing
Amazing Course. The method of teaching and course content are amazing. Thank you so much for offering such a valuable course.
Wonderful course. Very complete and lots and lots to learn. Congratulation and thanks of doing this course available online.
One of the best (if not the best) course I took on Coursera, it is well done, fun and filled with very relevant information.
Fantastic course! I loved it and so appreciated the energy put into its creation. Wonderful learning and growing experience!
This course was a life-changing one. Challenging many of my stereotypes. Very entertaining. Thanks to Coursera and the prof.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course! Thank you Professor Plous for all your efforts put in to the material and lectures.
I just loved this course, it was really interesting, full of great data and information. Great interviews. Well done team =)
An amazing and intriguing introduction to social psychology. Professor Scott is an amazing instructor.Hats off to the team!
I love this course so much. It is my motivation for further study in this social psychology. The lecture is so insightful!
Very thought-provoking and easy to understand. The lectures are amazing and the assignments provided are fun and engaging!
In my opinion the course has excellent techniques and methods to teach and learn. Thanks a lot!Patricio Avendaño Morales.
Wow, this is hands down the best course I've ever done.Knowing all of this, and used correctly, is literally a life hack.
Really instructive and enjoyable course! Highly recommended. Pr Plous is a really good teacher with a good sens of humor.
This course so far has provided me with materials and scientific knowledge on some major topics that were unclear to me.
Informative, enjoyable, well structured with some really great content on a variety of social psychological phenomena!
Thank you so much coursera. I enjoyed my journey all through the course. the guidelines given by the team helps a lot.
very useful for life and work, we can use this information for personal growth and for better comprehension of others
Great course!! Congrats to Scott for making a fun and interactive opportunity for Social Psychology! Hello from Chile
Excellent information/Course, Will retake for sure. Please if could be possible a specific course on Psychology itsel
Thank you for your course. It was amazing! It helped me to realize I wanna continue research about Social Psychology
This course was really awesome! You will not only learn a lot about social psychology but it might change your life!
That was the best course i ever take. I have learned a lot. Highly recommend if you are interesting with psychology.
I love the Social Psycology course. I would recommend it to everyone, it is awesome introduction of the main topics.
This has to be one of the best courses I have come across on Coursera. Prof Plous, you have been a wonderful mentor!
This class was much more than what I expected! I really enjoyed everything I've learned and the professor was great!
It helped me a lot in seeing life with a new vision.Thank you professor and all the team members for their support.
Great and Indeed Knowledge gained through the course. I am highly satisfied with the material, assignment and exam
This is a very interesting course. A must, if you wish to get glimpses of social psychology . Thank you professor.
Amazing course.You cannot be bored in any weeks, all of assignment were fun to take.My best MOOC ever experienced.
I really enjoyed this course as it you get to learn concepts in an interesting manner and it also keeps you engage
From a newcomer's perspective, the lectures, videos and other materials are amazing. A big thumbs-up from my side.
Bonus readings were exceptionally educating and entertaining. One after another made me more and more interested.
If you have given just a thought of starting it...GO AHEAD. Great platform for interactive learning for everyone.
A course that anyone with interest in psychology or human behavior, must take. Full of learning and new insights.
Amazing course! Just so privileged to have learned from Prof. Plous! Certainly a very transformational experience
The course helped me to navigate various dimensions of social psychology. Thank you very much Prof. Scott Plous.
Prof Scott is to social-psychology what Carl Sagan is to science. This is the best course available on Coursera.
Informative, interesting, and uses a variety of types of media to keep things interesting.  Well worth the time!
I'm really glad that I took this course. Learnt a lot about how the society behaves. The instructor is the best.
Amazing course, great professor and wonderful experience! I will definitely study more about Social Psychology.
Best course!!! Loved it! High technical and scientific quality, excellent professor, great content and lessons.
Entertaining and enriching. Followed the lessons easily and I enjoyed all of the new things that I have learned
Loved the course. I found the content very engaging and practical. The assignments are really interesting too!
This course is well structured, full of diverse knowledge materials and fun experiences i highly recommend it!
Amazing Exhaustive Course I highly recommend it! Thank You Professor Scott and Wesleyan for this oppurtunity!
An extremely interesting course. It has really sparked my interest in Social Psychology. I have learnt a lot.
One of the most wonderful courses I have attended so far. Thanks for everything Professor Scott and Coursera!
I want to thank Professor Scott for the opportunity to partake in this course. It was a wonderful experience.
Congrats Professor Scott Plous. It was a pleasure to be student of this excellent course. Thank you so much.
Very informative and entertaining! Prof. Plous teaches you the concepts in a very clear and sympathetic way.
For sure the best available online course on Social Psychology. My gratitude and compliments to Prof. Plous.
Thanks a lot. I had a great time and got interesting information. It will be very useful  in my near future.
Very thorough and I liked the use of external videos to illustrate the different topics discussed in class!
This is an excellent course , I absolutely loved it and it gives the best knowledge about social psychology
A truly eye opening course. I dont think anyone will remain the same as they were before taking this course
This was a great deal of my time investment!!.. The course is sooo interesting, I'd urge anybody to take it
More courses should be designed like this. Very informative, enjoyable and the lecturer was full of energy.
i learned a lot from Professor Scout Plous, thanks for this course and making me more humble through this.
It was simply amazing. Thank you professor Plous and his team to the effort and time you all put in to it,
really enjoyed this course! it was hard if i would rate it but just focus and will all pay of in the end!
To be honest and with almost zero bias, this is one of the best courses I have ever taken, amazing stuff.
This is the best course ever. I have learned so many things. Thank you for offering this amazing course!
The best social psychology course! This course has everything you need to learn about social psychology.
Many great insights and examples. A lot of information to take in but you will eventually appreciate it.
Very advanced, updated knowledge in a very interesting form! Really enjoyed it and learned a great deal!
Highly recommended! Professor Plous is one of the best instructors I've encountered here in Coursera :)
The lectures were very engaging and easy to follow! the assignments were though-provoking and impactful
to put it simply, i learnt a lot about myself, and everything around me, and how both affect each other
The first online course I have ever completed! So interesting, dynamic and engaging from start to end.
If you have interest in Psychology, This is a great course to dive deeply into it. Highly recommended.
My first online course. The contents are interesting and eye-opening. I enjoyed this course very much!
excellent course, i enjoyed it so much, really it's one of the most wonderful courses i have ever take
Educational, entertaining and well-delivered. The course has impacted a lot. Thank you Prof. S. Plous.
Incredible. Thank you Mr. Plous and all your team. I will do my best yo use what I learned here daily.
I truly enjoyed the course and entertaining lectures. Thank you for the opportunity to learn with you.
Professor was one of the best I've learned from and hope to someday learn from  live (or in video :) )
This course was really very helpful and knowledgeable. I learned many new things. Thank you coursera😊
So intellectually stimulating and interesting! A fantastic course that I would recommend to everyone.
It's very enriching course which has broadened my understanding and comprehension of human behaviour.
This course offers research-based examples of human behavior that is both interesting and disturbing.
A really complete, interesting, and well organized course. An amazing psycho social skills learning.
I like very much this course. It helped me very much to understand human society behavior of people.
Great course! It helps me a lot! I would definitely review soon! Don't hesitate to take this course.
Well structured course for people who wish to know, understand and understand the social psychology
An amazing course which helped me to understand the world and myself better.Would highly recommend.
Enjoyed this course, many interesting areas raised. The lecturer and teaching materials were great.
nice courseEnriched the experience with abundant access  to course materials including SPN web page
Really great course! It was so interesting and informative! I'd definitely recommend it to anyone!
Excellent and relevant course for all of us to take part in. Well structured, interesting and fun!
Very interesting course! I highly recommend it to those with or without psychological knowledge :)
It was an amazing experience. Course videos and materials are nicely made and very useful always.
It was excellent course,i don't find enough words to appreciate the efforts of Prof. Scott Plous.
It's an excellent lesson with rich materials and interesting lectures. I really enjoy this class.
it was a really fun experience to learn about the course that not related to my major! thank you!
One of the rewarding times I've ever invested since my birth. And yes, it is not an exaggeration!
I learned a lot in this course. I really appreciate the additional reading to clear the concepts.
A thrilling and amazing experience to learn about how we percieve the world and our surroundings.
A very well thought-out curriculum. A brilliant professor. You can't go wrong taking this course.
One of the best experience of my life. Thanks Coursera and thanks Mr Plous for this amazing work.
A phantastic experience! Thank you Professor Plous - it was extremely insightful and easy to foll
I really enjoyed this course, very well presented, easy to follow and I learnt many new concepts.
This course is really awesome, the simplicity and the learning method is motivating to do more.
A very well-done, informative and enjoyable course that is recommended for practically everyone
Prof Scott you are awesome. I really enjoyed your lectures and your sense of humor.  Thank you.
I absolutely loved this course! Congratulations to all involved, especially professor Plous. <3
Looks amazing! Came here after completing Introduction to Psychology with Professor Paul Bloom.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course material and presentation. Professor Plous was fantastic. Thanks
Really fun, interactive learning from Prof. Plous. I enjoyed every single lecture and reading!
Wonderful course. It helped alot to feed my curiosity. One of the best experiences of my life.
A great experience with a lot of knowledge regarding our own behavior and social behavior too.
excellent way of presentation. everything was near perfect. thank you so much for this course.
This course really helped me a lot..i really appreciate all the knowledge i acquired from it.
Exceptional! I really enjoyed, not only the class content, but Scott Plous's way of teaching.
Excellent course, thank you for finding ways of making it interesting, I learned many things!
I want to thank everyone involved, this course was very interesting and fun, I learned a lot.
The course changed my course of life. I started looking at things in a different perspective.
The most interesting, valuable, motivational, deep- thinking course....I m amazed. Thank you!
This class was fun and thought provoking. Very well done by the professor and hi colleagues!
This course contains high quality material and had literally changed my perception for good!
one of the greatest mooc i ever take, and very professional and amazing instructorthank you
Not extremely easy but it certainly is engaging and interesting besides being informative.
After doing this course I have learned how to make myself compassionate in every situation
Great course and very informative. Gives you a great basic knowledge of Social Psychology.
Amazing course that will give you lots of insights of one of the most interesting sciences
I love how the course is handled. With no background in psychology, I enjoyed the course.
Very insightful course and I definitely hope to use the things learnt here in the future!
Excellent course, full effect when following all the material shared, awesome instructor.
very challenging yet fruitful. I have retaken the final exam for nearly fifth times. haha
Thank you professor Plous for being my teacher. You have taught me the ways of the world.
Great course! Would love a comprehensive text outline / summary of the key points though.
It was very useful study. I enjoyed by creativity and humor of Professor S.Plout as well.
Great course! interesting material and engaging, corny at times, knowledgeable professor
I greatly enjoyed this course.  I think it will be insightful and applicable to my work.
Thank you very much Coursera, DOST Philippines and especially to Professor Scott Plous.
Very inspiring, especially for people like me who knew nothing about psychology before.
The lessons are very engaging. So much to learn, and each lesson is truly mind opening.
An absoutely fantastic course covering a wide range of topics.  Thoroughly recommended!
it was great,completing this course with this amazing teacher , thanks for everything.
It was really so useful to take up this course and the topics too were so interesting.
Prof. Scott Plous is just amazing! His passion for social psychology is so contagious!
Thanks for the opportunity! I was looking a course like this from years! THANKS SCOTT!
Thank you very uch for this fascinating course. It was informative and interesting !!!
Such an amazing course, honestly. It is interactive fun and the teacher is top notch.
Great course, with great teachers and interesting concepts! Would highly recommend :)
Very useful and interesting course :) Thank you very much for this very useful course
I think everyone should take this course, the life we live and how can we improve it.
worth every single seconds i spent on this course. Thank you so much sir Scott Plous.
Absolutely excellent; a very challenging and unbiased approach to Social Psychology.
It was a fabulous course and has helped prepared me for some of my future endeavors.
This Social Psychology Course was wonderful! I learned so much and enjoyed it a lot!
Really interesting activities and course indeed! Enjoyed it a lot, and learn so much
A really well woven and well structured course. and prof. Plous was just outstanding
This course was very informative,interesting and useful, Thank you Professor Plous.
I have learnt a lot from this course one of the best course offered by Coursera.org
amazing course!! the lectures is so easy to understand.. Thank you Mr.Scott Plous !
Very useful theories that give you an insight into your own behavior and attitudes!
the course is very informational and the lessons well presented. Kudos Prof. Plous!
Great, concise course that leaves you with the basic knowledge on Social Psychology
Excellent course.  The lectures are clear and impactful and the readings are useful
A complete course for social psychology, very interactive and interesting course!.
A very interesting course. You will be able to gain more knowledge in this course.
Fantastic Course. Professor teaching this is amazing. Highly recommend this class.
Professor Plous is one of the best personality I've seen in my life. Thanks a lot.
Amazing !!! Teacher was very good!!! Got to know lot about behavior people display
This course is highly informational and helps you to understand the world better:)
EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING THE MENTOR, THE INTERACTIVE VIDEOS AND THE PEER DISCUSSION.
This course is really great and useful to me.I can now apply it in my daily life.
It was an awesome course which taught me many different things. Loved it so much!
Super engaging, informative, and interesting course. Would recommend to everyone.
Dr. Plous is very engaging and I really enjoyed delving into social psychology!!!
Very good course, and I recommend it to everyone who is interested in psychology.
Great experience! Amazing instructor! I would definitely recommend that course!
Excelent.Thank you Coursera and big thank you to the Profesor!Great experience.
The course was full of interesting content, very well elaborated and complete.
Course does a great job off effectively covering a sizable amount of material.
Enjoyed learning with Sir Scott Pluos! Looking forward to more courses by him.
An amazing course for everyone. A gateway to a more beautiful and social life.
great course, gives a lot of information about the depth of social psychology.
Thank YouIt was a real good course and made me to unlearn the learn and learn
Professor Scott Plous is such a gem at teaching ,I will remember him always .
Amazing course, professor Plous step out all virtuality getting a class room.
It is a great course. Instructor is very good and the course is very engaging
It is a great course! I learnt a lot and am happy to have taken this course.
It is a wonderful course to know more about yourself others and the society.
Lots of learnings in a very easy format with great examples and assignments!
Great overview of some important findings re: group and individual behavior.
PROFESSOR PLOUS IS A GREAT INSTRUCTOR!!GREAT COURSE!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT
i have learned a lot, thank you for such a wonderful learning experience!!!
Fantastic experience. Huge thanks to Scott Plous and the team at Wesleyan.
It has been a wonderful experience. MOOCs at its best, Thank you very much
Really enjoying with fascinating assignments and creative quiz. Thank you.
Awesome!!! I loved this course. I learned so much. Thank you Doctor Plous.
This has been one of my favorite courses so far. Learned a lot. Thank You.
Love this course! Really considering on taking a Social Psychology Degree
It's the best course I have taken take on coursera. Thank you so much!!!!
This course is amazing. I’ll try to adapt this knowledge in my real life.
This was the most interesting course on Coursera! I loved Professor Plous
Great class! I was taught many useful lessons about why we do what we do.
I enjoyed learning all the concepts how how we can apply it to real life
This course was great. i personally really enjoyed it. great experiencde
The course was knowledgeable and enjoyable at the same time. I loved it!
a mind blowing course and professor plous makes it even more interesting
Professor Plous has designed a great course - engaging and informative.
Wonderful course from a wonderful professor.Thank you for your efforts.
the fluid consistency of the course lets you absorb everything quickly
A must do for the ones who want to get a good overview of the subject!
Everything was useful and interesting. The professor did a great job.
This was a super course, I can't thank Prof Plous enough (virtually!)
I highly recommend the course. It has been an outstanding experience.
Glad to have gone through this journey..well done for a fantastic job
It was a great one .  Really to work hard to pass . It's challenging.
You get to have great insight into knowing yourself and others better
A great course that helped me finding the field that I will major in
So much passion in teaching from Prof. Plous. He is simply the best.
Amazing Experience i will never forgetThank you for an awesome class
Highly recommend this course for work, family life and just for fun.
thank you coursera and prof. scott plous for this wonderfull class!!
insightful, meaningful, and also fun. thanks to Prof and Mentors :)
Thank you very much Professor Scott Plous. I'll miss your lectures!
I loved this course, I have learned so many new and amazing things.
Professor Plous is a great teacher, his lectures were very engaging
The course I would love to take again and again. Thank you mentor.
Amazing course. the material is very interesting and never boring.
The course is quite interesting and the assignments are very good.
This was an awesome course, I learned a lot! Definetly worth doing
Best way to return back to study! Great and interesting learning.
The most amazing and interesting course I have ever done online.
Thank you so much for putting so much afford for this class  :-)
This has been a great and insightful course! Highly recommended!
Amazing and interactive course, great content, totally worth it.
Professor Plous was an exceptionally excellent course presenter.
One of the most eye-opening courses I've ever taken in my life.
This really a good one! Love content and community in the class
I find it comprehensive when all the reading is taken seriously
A very helpful course to change one's perspective towards life.
Very recommended to all. This made my life clearer and happier.
The course wa really interesting and the professor was amazing!
I had fun learning, engaging, great materials, worth the time.
Very interesting course with an equally interesting instructor
This was one of the best course for improving our social life.
Best course of social psychology. Everything is well organized
i couldnt have found a better course to start with psychology.
Very detailed and got to learn a lot about the subject. thanks
an extremely interesting course that actually makes you think.
So much to learn, and not easy at all. But a learner for life.
Best course I have taken on Coursera, changed my entire life..
I enjoyed the course very much. Thank you for the experience.
The course was Great the assignments are very interesting :-)
Exceptionally great content delivered by terrific instructor.
Very good course and the instructer makes it fun and engaging
Absolutely fantastic and iluminating, an enjoyale experience
I personally had fun during the lectures  they are fun to do
Fantastic course and Scott was an absolute Don! :)Thank you!
I enjoyed this course a lot. Very informative and important.
It was such a great experience taking this course! Thank you
This is an excellent course one must do. You'll learn a lot.
The best psychology course online I have learned. AMAZING!!!
Great course. Difficult if you are not a native, but great.
You'll become a better person after completing this course.
really informative. fantastic tuition and course materials.
Some very thought provoking material. A great introduction.
One of the best courses I've ever taken in my entire life.
Really interesting and all the material was super helpfull
A very informative course that would make your life better
The course provided great content and information! Thanks!
had a great experience. thank you so much prof scott plous
Absolutely brilliant! Huge thanks to Prof. Plous and team!
Great course rich with extra video and reading materials!
It was really instructive. I enjoyed this course so much.
Awesome Course. This is a course everyone needs to learn.
I loved it. it's a new experience and it was alot of fun.
Loved it ! Thank you Professor Plous, you are amazing :)
Great course! Professor Plous is a wonderful instructor!
Great course. Very interesting and unusual assignments.
Very interesting course, I really enjoyed the period 😊
I really leared a lot and the course is really dynamic
one of the best  online course about social psychology
Best course on Coursera. Professor Scott is amazing <3
amazing material, amazing teacher, really enjoyed this
Great course and great professor. I really enjoyed it.
It was an awesome experience.I thoroughly enjoyed it.
The Instructor,Professor Scott Plous gave everything.
Amazing course!. Very very interesting and educating.
Learned so much from this course ! Highly recommended
A superb course to take, will help you in any aspect.
A very informative, useful, engaging and fun course.
Amazing!!!! Specially the special contents provided.
A wonderful course that I thoroughly enjoyed taking.
It is a nice and fun course with a great instructor!
Hands down the best course I've taken on coursera :)
The best course I took on line. Thanks Mr. S. Plous
Excellent course, very interactive and educational.
So interesting! As well the videos by the lecturer!
anyone should do it at least once in your lifetime!
I found this to be my most enjoyable class so far!
I loved the course and learnt many things from it.
This is an amazing course, I highly recommend it!!
One of the most interesting courses I've ever had!
Loved every second, great content and eye opening.
thank yo so much!!!!! I really enjoyed the course.
This course changed me...It will change you also..
Thank you very much!!The course was really useful
A very great course! I learnt lots of fun stuff.
Fantastic experience with coursera, really great
Great course to learn about yourself and others!
Its a good course . I dont have time to continue
awesome! very interesting and interactive course
it was a wonderful and over expectations course
It was an amazing course, gave me much insight.
A life changing experience, highly recommended!
Wonderful course!  It's my new career.  Thanks.
great course, knowledgeable, fun and well made
An interesting and thoroughly enjoyable course
Excellent, wonderful, marvelous!Thanks a lot!
The best online course I've ever had, thanks!
Thanks professor... for the great opportunity
Thanks soooo much!!! you are the best teacher
Very insightful. Requires a lot of dedication
wonderful introduction to social psychology!
Great course. Thanks Instructor and Coursera
It was very useful and worthy to be studied.
Excellent course. Would highly recommend it.
Super Professor and very interesting Course!
Learned so much, the final exam is not easy!
Excellent Course! Now I know myself better.
Extremely well guided and very interactive.
First experiance in this cours and the best
Easy, Joyful, inspirational and interesting
really informative and practically helpful
Wonderful course and beautiful experience!
thank you Scout Plous for your great work!
Recommendations for everyone. Great course
It was an amazing time being with coursera
it was an excellent and informative course
A very interesting and informative course.
It was a wonderful and insightful course.
Thank you for everything!I learned a lot!
It was an incredibly amazing opportunity.
Very interesting and high quality course.
It was an exceptional learning experience
Best course ever! Thank you prof. Scott!
Very interesting and eye opening course.
It is ever best course I did in my life.
It was amazing. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Amazing, Mind blowing and Stupendous....
One of the best courses I've taken here!
Lots of material covered in this course.
Great professor Great quality of content
THANK YOU, IT WAS AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE.
It was all good helped e more than ever.
AMAZING AMAZING Course!Loved Mr. Scott.
This course is like 'bread and butter'!
Very challenging and informative course
Very interesting materials and path....
GreatI want more courses on this topics
it is absolutely an educational course
A wonderful course. I really enjoyed .
Wonderful course and a great lecturer.
Loved the course and what it taught me
Amazing new insights on social groups!
Great class! Such a great Scott Plous!
Amazing topics covered in this course
Amazing teacher and excellent course!
Best course Ever.Thankyou Scott Plous
Great professor!! Very interactive!!
It was good start for new journey...
It was an amazing course to be done.
Amazing and interesting experience!!
A great course! Truly learnt a lot!
It is worth more than an excitement
Great course and vibrant community!
Great course with amazing knowledge
Interesting course, great teacher.
The best Psychology Course ever!!!
Great course and great instructor!
Exceptional ! Thank you very much.
very well taught, very fun course
The best course i have ever taken
A great group and a great course!
Great course. Highly recommended.
I would to thank Professor Plous
best online course ever studied
Wonderful course! Thanks a lot!
Best course ever on Psychology.
An amazing learning experience.
Very interesting and inspiring.
amazing course! learned so much
Great Course, Amazing Teacher.
Great course! I learned a lot.
Very useful for life purposes!
Was a fun and exciting course!
Great work by professor Scott!
Very enjoyable and worthwhile!
I enroll this course EVERYTIME
The best course ever learned.
Great course! Very inspiring!
Very interesting! I loved it.
Loved it!! Thank you so much.
Assignments were interesting!
I loved everything about it!
what a Wonderful Course...:)
The best course I ever took.
I really enjoyed this course
It was an amazing experience
Awesome course. Lot to learn
exceptionally well crafted!!
The professor is excellent.
One of the best course ever
I love this course so much!
One of the best MOOCs ever!
Very good intro. Thank you.
Thank you Professor Plous !
Great experience!Congrats!
Useful and very practical.
Truly enjoyed this course!
Amazing course, thank you!
Very informative! Thanks.
Excellent , informative
Very Helpful & Amazing!
The most useful course!
A  very useful course.
this course is amazing
I loved this course ♥
Very Good Course...!!
Very pleasant course.
REALLY great course.
it was fun learning.
Thank you Professor!
Great Class! thanks
Such a great course
simple and powerful
it's above my level
One word. Perfect.
MAGNIFICENT COURSE
very good, thanks
Fully Recomended
Enjoyed learning
Very useful ...
Fun and useful
DearCoursera,
