First of all, I am so sorry I have to give a one-star review for this Human Resources lesson. Those lecturers are experts in the HR field, their lectures are clear and helpful. It is such a pleasure to learn from their lectures. The reason why I give a one-star rate is I believe Coursera's "peer review" assignment procedure is really problematic. "Discussion section" is supposed to be a place that all student share their ideas and experiences, however, it is filled with "Please review my assignment and I will review back with the highest marks" now. I totally understand why this happened now, due to the "peer review" procedure.For me, I have an assignment requires a minimum of 80% to pass the whole specialization. My first attempt got 77% and I thought "Sure, there is definitely some improvement I can make". My second attempt got 79% and guess what? I canceled the subscription and find a real book and some videos from youtube. I believe I can learn from CPHR's NKE materials as well. I just don't understand why I need my classmate's review, especially some of them don't give a shit about assignment quality, to pass the course.Overall, the one-star review is targeted to the problematic "peer review" assignment rather than those respectful lectures.
It is not what I was expecting to learn from this course. The course syllabus seems very good but the actual lectures are not good. I would not recommend this course to any one. I don't think we can call this as introduction of HRM because it doesn't give us any knowledge related with HRM. The only new term to me is the high-road vs. low-road, the rest is the common sense to me.
I am unable to rate this since I feel that this course if more theory and concept oriented and I was looking for actual guidelines on hiring and onboarding.
The peer review process is garbage!
pure information, a lot of "w
My name is written wrong
not knowledgeable enough course came off as common sense we all already know. It was bunch of random information the history of early workers etc
There was some nice insights into macro analysis. The external factors to an organization that you should pay attention to before designing an HR strategy.However, it was too academic and not very practical. The course provides really little real-life examples of situations that organizations face. In addition, sounded a lot like the professor was showing off how smart and academically awarded he was instead of providing useful frameworks and insights.One last thing is that all of it was presented in an extremely boring and badly designed way. Really bad jokes made me want to stop attending the course several times.
While the instructor was knowledgeable about the material itself, he is obviously not skilled in actually doing the job of HR so his lectures definitely lacked practical application to various points of the lectures. His questions for the tests/quizzes were reflective of the material however the manner in which he asked the questions was extremely confusing. You often had to read the question over and over in order to determine what it was that he was asking. The test questions from a lecture should be straightforward in a manner that helps determine if the student read the material and if the student comprehended the material. The questions for this class were often very minute or minimally important points of the lecture and very confusing in their structure.
First part of the course was quite good. Types of leadership. HR strategies, different type of motivation and motivators. But week 4 is a complete waste of time - full of obvious statements and demagogy. Final test is also very poorly done. For a paid course such quality of the material is unacceptable
It gives you the overview of the HRM, but the slides are often crowded, confusing and distracting. Please, use less colours and pictures and make better slides with some order.
Did not expect it to be so economics-heavy. Would appreciate more practical tips and strategies with respect to interacting and managing employees. Thank you!
I wish the instructor had provided review slides at the end of each section. Some more complex terms could have been elaborated more clearly.
it was a good course. Maybe the target audience is current HR or people who have experience. This was totally new information for me.
The module of legal was very focus on US which does no apply to international students.
a good one for gaining more knowledge regarding managing people
It is very good to learn and I improved my hr skills
the course is nice but overall i found a bit boring
The course has broadIng my opInIon on HR ROles
Very difficult to follow the instructor.
the presentation should be less colour
Not bad course
It's a good introduction to managing Human Resources. I think it covers enough material for you to really learn more about what it takes to manage, the different perspectives and approaches related to management, a bit of history of where all these thoughts came from. One thing, though, that I believe can be improved on is having the professor be a little bit more interactive in the videos. In some of them, it seemed like he was just reading off a prompt and I found it a little difficult to internalize what he was saying and ended up just reading and taking notes from the transcript. But aside from that, this was a course I thoroughly enjoyed and would advise anyone interested in HR management to take.
Very useful to step into the HR management practice. It provides a foundation to understanding the complexity of HR management strategies and managerial styles. The lessons are quite short but dense and challenging. While a transcript of the videos is always available, I found extremely useful to take my own notes while listening to the videos, stopping and restarting the video as required. and even revisiting previous lectures to establish the necessary connections among notions, where necessary. Some lectures are indeed quite dense and content intricate, but that challenges your learning process.
The course helped me gain the basic understanding of Human Resources. I did have a course in my undergraduate studies in India but this online course was a different experience. Prof. John Budd explained concepts in a simple and easy-to-understand way. The video sessions of HR executive managers  talking gave a real-world exposure. If the course has at least one session where students can interact with the professor John Budd would be good.
The information contained is excellent and I have already learned a lot. However, many questions on quizzes of this course are poorly phrased, causing confusion where clarity would be better. The worst part was actually in the peer review, the grading system was laid out in a way which does not allow you to pass without a perfect score, but this is not indicated. Therefore, people who liked a paper I wrote accidentally did not pass my document based on this fact. It's a shame that the mechanics of the course slowed the pace and made it harder to pass when the instructor is clearly very intelligent and qualified, and provided so much good information. I love the way the information was tied into history and other relevant things as well, being a history buff myself. I do recommend the course, but I would hope that it could be improved mechanically from the user end.
Very Good course.Very Good course.
In my view some needed additions to be excellent. Summaries of the important issues in each lecture video can be introduced might be in a form of Power Point Presentation. This will highlight the main topics. This can be done for each video, each lesson and each module.Prof. Dr. John Budd have already made  these summaries and conclusions during his video lectures, but it is not easy to retrieve when you are searching about some specific subject. You have to here again a group of videos to find what you need.
I like it very much, enjoying doing the task required and review some video several times to be sure that I well understood. I didn't like the law part, even if I can understand why it is necessary, focusing on US laws in a open worldwide on line course is kind of useless, because a lot of people aren't probably from the US. I wish that time were more focusing on giving us practical example on HR practises.
It's understanding Human Resource in a whole new light.  One thing I learned is that all managers who manage people are in effect Human Resource managers and this role is not just limited to the set of staff computing our salaries or creating engagement activities to promote work motivations (pencil pushing).  It's also great to know how to determine and handle different motivations of people to work.
The way all the concepts are explained lays a foundation for the other specialization in the course and i really learned a lot since the way of explaining was so simple that even a layman could bave unerstood.i was really worried whether i should be taking HR or not but after seeing the vedios i got so many valuable insights  i could totally relate. Thanks courseera
Professor John did a pretty amazing job with the structure and content of the lectures in this course -- his delivery was fair, and that's why I withdrew the fifth star rating. I came here looking for a consolidation on my knowledge of introductory HR insights, and I am glad to say I am fulfilled. What an enlightening way to take off into the HR space!
hi this course was great insight I would loved it more in case studies and other actual to do projects could have been a part of it instead of just reading the said blogs or writing the quiz.also m still not able to find my certificate though I have completed the course within 2-3 weeks. please help me out in this manner.
Very good course. The information shared is very valuable to me as a junior manager. Learned lot of new techniques which can be used in my daily managerial work. The course structure and the presentation is very well. It would be nice if the course materials can be downloaded separately for future reference. Thank you.
The coursera course in Preparing to Manage Human Resources has provided me an opportunity to understand the economicals aspect of work and will help to boost my HR related competencies. The flexibility offered by Coursera courses is really a boon for anyone looking to upgrade their individual skill sets to next level.
Parts of this were really interesting.  Ideas around high / low strategy and ensuring alignment between HR and organizational strategy and culture were important reminders.  He jumped over a few important areas that may have added more value, such as employment law and managing to the law.
This course was a great opportunity for me, to have a good understanding about managing people. Teaching method is user friendly. I must thankful to the university of minnesota , for providing this kind of courses. Looking ahead to follow the othercourses in this specialization also.
Great course, with a lot of information packed into a short course.  Well worth it and the time spent on the course kept me active and engaged.  Professor Budd is  great, with his humour, videos, illustrations and readings from his blog all adding to a great learning opportunity.
I found this to be a very helpful course. At times, it was a bit cut and dry, but that might be the nature of the material. Dr. Budd is hilarious and clearly passionate about HR! I appreciated how he brought in HR leaders from the private sector to speak to their experiences.
A great foundational course to set you up for more specific topics.  A lot of interaction through discussion prompts and peer-review assignments.  Videos have moments of disjointedness, but easily to look past (sorry Mr Budd!).  Very excited for this specialization program!
The lecturer was very detailed and seemed to have a broad knowledge of the topic, he was able to merge the past and present to offer excellent and meaningful examples to the subject matter. I definitely recommend the course for managers or aspiring managers.
A well structured course which lays the foundation for further study. The insight provided and the presentation style were appropriate and well delivered. However while understandable the excessive focus on the USA perspective this was not a helpful aspect.
this course is very helpful.I learned about what drives the employees at work and how to motivate them as people managers.this caught how to be become good people managers.i am very thankful to faculty and others who made this course possible.
A great course that developed my understanding of HR .The role of Hr in any organization and their responsibilities. Loved the way taught with so much fun and humor. This course is very beneficial for people thinking to pursue a career in HR
I've learned so many fundamental HR-related things from this course. Its kinda recall type course for those who completed their graduation concentration in HRM. Thanks, Coursera and the University of Minnesota.
Everything was  just excellent!! I would be looking forward to have more additional reading tasks that that help see plactical applications of theoretical material. Thank you very much for a great course!
Great course. I found it to have an excellent pedagogical structure with well researched material and relevant, detailed examples for each concept! The pace of the course could have been tightened a bit.
Interesting but very academic and generalistic course. You should have it before the other courses of specialization but keep going becouse it's very hard to apply this course at work by it self.
Overall, it's good. A little piece of advice from me, please set some standards for people who review the assignment to put their comments so then it could be a good review for the reviewer.
A lot of very useful skills to be applied in the workplace. A wide scope of HR  responsibilities and examples to achieve them.Only issue I had was the inconsistency of grading from peers.
Course is good. Gives nice theoretical insights. Giving 4 star as I was expecting to learn some corporate / consultant framework and dashboards and actual applicability of the concepts.
I personally struggled with the U.S Laws because it didn't include my country so I didn't find it relevant but either way it's good to have insight on what happens in other countries
this course helps me a lot in knowing about peoples management , i thought HR is only about hiring and recruiting employees but in this course i learned that it more more than that
I have learned so many things from this course.specially about human nature,General aspect towards work of an employee,laws & how to divert them towards success. Thank you so much
very helpful course and the teacher was very clear. if I can find a drawback, this will be the fact that most of the course is related with the US laws and regulatuions.
Overall the course is informative.  I understand that this is an online course, but the videos can be a little overwhelming at times.  I would recommend this course.
very very informative and the facilitator really made it look simple. i appreciate this opportunity to learn something new, it is of great value to my knowledge base
i really recommend this course for any one who want to know about the basics of  human resources management ..Dr. john really have a good way in teaching ..go on !!
Overall good course. I would appreciate if the slides could've been provided. Also some external resources to further study of the topics covered would add value.
Very good introduction to the topic.  During the line drawing descriptions, it might have been good to incorporate even more discussion on each specific topic.
It was an eye-opening course to determine whether I like to consider HR as my own career or learn the basics so that I become good at managing people.
Great Course for understanding context. The very basics of what work is and why people work helps you t get perspective to different sets of member
This course was very informative. The more theoretical parts were went over very quickly and It would have been nice if there had been more detail.
I like the course, I have finished it in a short period of time , even the instructor's teaching is very simple and way easy to understand the HRM
it's a good a good course in general, it gave you a general idea about human capital management and different management styles. It also brief
This course is one of the best course , as it will give you fundamental and basic knowledge about Human resources and it's management.
I liked this course, no doubt. I have definetly learned a lot and to be honest professor Budd is a good teacher. He does teach well.
I enjoyed the course.  I learned quite a few new concepts.  The focus on economics seemed a little heavy, but overall it was great.
Nice course, although the main focus is on the U.S.. It gets interesting after the first week. (first week is a lot about history)
It was great to learn here,,, kindly try to provide as much as information that you could and try to make it more interesting.
The proper course for me!  My instructor knows to teach and he helps me to understand  what is Human Resources. Thank you!
This is a good course especially if you are new to managing people and want to get an understanding what is HR all about.
Gained valuable insight that can be aplied to many industries.  The concepts given were comprehensive and easy to follow.
This is a great course and I have learnt a great deal, I definitely want to take other courses in this specialization
A very solid intro to how to think about HR, managing, and strategy - very broad, but well-explained and manageable!
A great learning opportunity that enabled me to learn a lot regarding key HR subjects for managing human resources.
The content and the delivery of this course was excellent.  It was engaging and kept delivering quality content.
Very helpful curse for people who want  to discover HR World and for people who want to learn more about HR.
Its nice learning experience. The way of teachings is completely different and points are explained clearly
The course is really well structured, however, Module 2 can be simplified a bit for non-economic students.
It was very interesting and knowledge gaining. The explanations are in very simple and interactive manner.
This is really useful if you want to get to know all the basic knowledge of HRM. Strongly recommend it !
This course has actually improved improved me and I have decided to learn and relearn from the materials
Good basic knowledge of HR. For me, the US law was the less relevant topic but It was interesting.
The course is very detailed. It provides insight to the foundation of human resource management.
I LIKED THE VIDEOS USED IN THE BACKGROUND, WHICH WAS VERY HELPFUL TO UNDERSTAND THE CONCEPTS.
I liked the course very much, it would be great if summary is available at each end module.
Good content and nicely organized. Good variety of tasks to complete in manageable parts.
I wish the remaining courses in this specialization will be at the same level of quality.
Thanks for the course in which i learn lot of things . Will i get a certificate for this
It was a clear introductory course. A background in HR although useful is not necessary
Just taking part of the course material was rewarding. A good basic introduction to HRM
The course gives an all around preparetion in order to approach in detail th HR world
Good but need more about the details and should avoid assignment who are experienced
It's an excellent course, very interesting and the presenter is an amazing teacher.
I've learnt a lot. I cant wait to move to the next course in this specialization!
good cource, nice overview, very well presented, interviews with HR professionals
I think the part with the US Laws were a little overwhelming for non-US students
Amazing content, but the graphics and information should be updated to 2020.
Good platform to seek the best courses for which you were dreamed for..!!
it was a great experience such a great lecturer and have a great contains
The professor was excellent. His teaching was clear, fun and very useful.
It's a renowned platform to learn online and develop professional skills.
A lot of theory that was hard to conceptualize in terms of daily usage.
ThIscourseIsveryeducatIveandInformatIvewIthgoodInsIghtsonhumanresources
Very interesting course. Beautifully explained in detail every aspect.
I'm not really used to online classes but the information was helpful.
A good introductory course which kept the learner engaged throughout.
its good to learn new concepts along with the experts of the industry
Good theoretical background provided in an easy to understand format.
Thank you all teachers. Thank you Minnesota University and Coursera.
Exceptional Course, although computer based it was very interactive.
Good course. Gives basics. More suitable for people working in US.
Course is very well integrated with videos and relevant examples.
The teacher could have been more obvious in reading the prompter
It was a good course i love most the materials   in week 3 and 4
Still quite generic, but gives you an idea about what HR entails
Great information to know about how to manage Human Resources!
A very helpful and well-explained course. Thank you coursera.
A Very good course for those seeking to start a career in HR
Useful preparation for HR especially for the United States.
Loved this course, great information, and course material.
Very good and comprehensive in laying a foundation for HR.
Very good course for introduct human resources management.
Try it out. You'd be surprised how much you can learn.
best course. lecturers explain well all lessons well.
thank you i loved the course and i learned so much
Useful course, maybe more case studies can apply
very informative , should definitely recommend.
Nice intro but i wanted something more didactic
beneficial to all HR professionals, thank you
wonderful course I've really benefited from
Great course, I learnt alot from the class.
very educative and easy to learn ,i love it
Great job. Good efforts by the instructor!
Very good experience got from this course
Reviewing the assignment was a tough task
This was really useful for me. Thank you
Great course for starting a career in HR
very good explanation and presentations
Very clear and with detail knowledges
good start with an excellent teacher
Very educative and mind-opening
voice of the instructor was low
it is very good and benefit one
Learned the fundamentals of HR
The course helped me a lot.
A solid introduction to HRM
It was good ! Thanks <3
Very good for learning.
Need some advancement.
Useful to HR Manager
Great learning expr
more of theoritical
information filled
Good One! :)
good contain
I really enjoyed this foundation class. It provide me with a deeper understand of human resources beyond just transactional duties. Human Resources is a key component in the life of an organization.
Excellent course structure, very clear and concise material, John Budd is teaching in a fun way, which helped me understand the syllabus, with short questions to help me think and not too long videos.
This is an excellent course! I had no prior knowledge on, nor experience in HR. So, this course served to eradicate my previous misconceptions. I learned more than I expected to; the lessons are packed with extensive information, and the videos are interesting, clear, and sometimes interactive. I will recommend this course to anyone. You won't regret taking it!
This course has an outstanding wealth of information for new people entering the Human Resources arena. I also recommend it to others that want to brush up on knowledge and skills of the HR industry.
I learned a lot from professor Budd! An excellent instructor and the whole team covering the HR Management Specialization really!! I love the fact that you can go at your own pace. They managed to get all the goods in the 5 courses. I'm starting course #4 now and I get more excited as I go because the info provided is so useful.
This course is very effective in improving your role as an HRM and Very good lecture with lots of fun with humor used by the professor during this course.. Thank you sir for the wonderful experience
So far this course has been very informative and is exactly what I need to get my mind ready for a new career in human resources and understanding what human resource really means in the workplace.
Good for people who want to start their career as a manager. This course will give you basics of human resource management.
I enjoyed the format as well as well as content. Thank you.
well designed curriculum and the content is well presented. The peer-reviewed assignment was particularly designed in a structured way, which allows me to connect the dots and apply what I have learned to my own case. I think it is awesome that while the assignment is open-ended, the professor also gave sufficient guideline and mini examples to explain how the question should be answered. Besides the structure, the content itself was insightful and inspiring. As a people manager for five years, I am able to reconcile my own experience and understanding with the employment relationship theories. The people manager value proposition graph which was presented at the first lecture, I wish every new people manager gets to see that on the first day they turn into people manager. It would save tons of effort of them trying to discover the entire landscape of people management and greatly accelerate their learning.
A very enjoyable course: not as easy as the subject would let you think. It is a real preparation in the sense that you get an intensive crash course on basics of HR philosophy/history/trends and what's to be expected from a manager.The instructor really made an effort to render the course into a MOOC format. Each course is well documented, his speeches are clear and each sentence has been carefully selected. He summarizes a lot and makes an extra effort to make us understand how each subject is connected to the other. I found him a great pedagog. As for quizzes, you need to understand the subject and not just memorize. Very entertaining. I sure will watch it again!
I thoroughly enjoyed this class. It is a great introduction to the HR world. It kept me interested all the way through. It made me want to take the rest of this HR series to get the certification.
The course was really useful, entertaining and very well made course. Easy to learn and understand. Thank you Mr. Budd, I did enjoy it!
Thanks a lot for your effort with us
Professor Budd was quite good.  Obviously the knowledge of HR practices is there and he knows the material but Professor Budd does a fantastic job presenting the material.  His voice fluctuates enough to keep you on your toes but doesn't fluctuate so much that it's hard to follow.  His course used graphics and videos to assist in following his presentations and he does an excellent job of breaking down topics into an easy to follow format.  The class is not easy, even for a seasoned HR person but it's easy to follow and the online format works quite well.  Thank you!!
Great Introductory Course!This was a very enlightening course about HR Manager duties, responsibilities, laws that affect employees and businesses.  Very basic information regarding why people work and how HR Managers are taxed with understanding the workforce needs for their organization and hiring competent individuals.  I learned quite a bit.  Entertaining as well!
Coursera is an online learning platform with a focus on higher education. Much like its competitors Udemy, MasterClass, and Skillshare, Coursera is completely online and covers a wide range of topics.
My name is suresh somnath malvekar from India, i learned new policy about HRM. this course helped me to learns more in details about HR.I have nothing but good things to say about my experience with Coursera. I have loved the learning I have been able to do and look forward to taking many more classes with them. I have always been interested in Psychology and Coursera has given me the chance to take the classes that really interest me. I don't understand the reviews with low ratings. I have never had any problems with them.
A very point to point discussion on the concept of work, why do people basically feel the need to work, assumptions and insights involved, need to manage human resources and alternative mechanisms involved in the management of those vital resources so as to achieve organisational goals in a strategic and effective manner. A big thank you and heartfelt gratitude to Prof John W Budd for his invaluable teachings in this course especially his excellent insight on the thought of work and its various dimensions involved.
This was a very well planned-Interesting and involving course, it made me realize so much about HR that i couldn't have done if i didn't take, the conversations Mr Budd kept having with other HR experts made me realize that on this path i need to do three things: Learn, ask questions and build my own network. I am grateful and so excited i took this course and i am going to Complete it. Mr Budd had the best examples and ways to illustrate certain concepts that otherwise would have been a challenge for me.
The course is well structure and easy to understand. Each lesson is solid and straight to the important points which learners should know. Besides, it helps to remind the knowledge through connecting the previous with the current video. Its questions are also reasonable and helpful.To make the lesson more realistic, it connects with HR professional and create chances for students to listen to their view.In the end, I would like to recommend this course to anyone who has interests in HR.
Always good to have a nice and professional training before climbing the ladder of success. I consider myself very lucky having the opportunity of learning from the rename Carson School of Management. The content of the course is generally focused on the daily grind of the Human Resources department. If you're thinking to change your career or perhaps to improve your skills as a manager this is where you should start
It was a course where I got a certificate by working on various projects and fun case studies. It was a course where I understood alternative HR strategies, the different reasons people work, and the importance of the legal context. It provided a factual and conceptual basis for developing specific critical HRM skills in subsequent courses on recruiting employees, managing performance and rewarding employees.
I found this course very interested since it covers some important tools for managing people through quiz, and some external HR people are being interviewed during the course session, where we can learn from them what they experienced as HR managers, one more thing is, regarding the peer assignment which helped me too,  I would probably advise my friends to take this course, reason why I gave you 5 stars...
This course is clearly defined and laid out in a way that builds on previous knowledge. The instructor is easy to understand and seems passionate about the material, which is always nice! My favorite part about this course is that the instructor provides a multi-disciplinary analysis of understanding labor and economics, and keeps a holistic, balanced approach when presenting different perspectives.
I liked the course as it introduced me to the fundamental concepts of HR. The lectures and explanations were very clear. Its an honor to be facilitated by a Professor with in-depth knowledge who has also authored several books in the field. I am seriously thinking of continuing the rest of the modules as I was very impressed by the structure and delivery of module 1. I am grateful to the Professor
I have always enjoyed online classes ever since I graduated from Ashford University. Attending Ashford University prepared me for taking classes with Coursera. In a way, it gave me a "leg up" on what to expect and how to prepare myself. I enjoyed the class. I learned much about the "at will" labor law more than before I enrolled in the class. I am looking forward to the rest of the classes.
This course is the perfect basis in learning how to manage Human Resources. John Budd is engaging, funny, and shares an array of valuable information. I have left this course prepared with the knowledge of various managerial styles, why they work (and when they work), HR laws and how they differ from the US to other countries, and employee motivations (both monetary and non-monetary).
Fantastic !! Through this course I have learnt very important and necessary knowledge about HR policies, this course has been designed to give knowledge that will be with me for entire of my life, and will be useful in industrial world. Lectures are very thorough and detailed and language is so easy to understand with suitable and relevant industrial examples.Thanks very much :)
The course was refresher for me, after long stint did not study or update myself for any courses.The Human Resource course was a great learning experience. Professor John.W.Budd had provided rich learning experience through his vast teaching experience.Thanks to the Coursera Team,University of Minnesota and Carlson School of Management,providing this valuable opportunity.
this is my first course on coursera. and i loved this. this gave me a clear insight about HR and HR strategies and everything around it. the professor is really skilled and has fun video sessions. i am really looking forward for the other courses in this specialization which i am going to do. !!! highly recommend to anyone wanting a career or wanting to learn about HR.
Excellent foundation course if you want to pursue a career inhuman resources or brush up your HR knowledge both as a specialist and a manager. It teaches how HR adds value to the profitability and purpose of any business and that HR managers play a central role by participating in strategic planning and acting as change masters who clarify the organization's culture.
Great course. I've mistakenly thought of HR job as a much simpler and bureaucratic than it really is. The course is full of interesting insights. I particularly enjoyed systematic, modelling approach. Assumptions on which models are based are clearly outlined and looked at from a critical perspective. Great intro, packed with more information than I thought possible.
I THANK YOU FOR THE SUPPORT THAT GIVES YOU THIS GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO ALL, DEMONSTRATING THAT EDUCATION DOES NOT HAVE BORDERS.THE POWER TO TAKE THIS COURSE IN A UNIVERSITY OF GREAT PRESTIGE AS IT IS MINESSOTA IS FOR ME A GREAT HONOR. ACQUIRING THE TOOLS AND SKILLS NECESSARY FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF MANAGEMENT MAKES US BE AT THE VANGUARD TO THE GREAT CHALLENGES.
This is a best course for someone who wants to learn what HR is about or explore the field. The course gives flavor of all the different areas in HR in a very easy to understand way. There are frequent quiz and assignments which actually helps to check our understanding a lot. The best part was indeed the peer graded assignments, which encourages to think creatively and helps to connect the theory into practical application. Plus, it allows to read responses by other students, which gives so many new perspectives.
I feel that this course is an absolute commendable course as an basics to know what HR is all about. It can basically give an bird's eye view on how things work in an organization both from the worker's and the HR manager's side. By going through this course you'll realize how vast and dynamic this field is. I would definitely recommend this course to all the beginners like me who aspire to become HR as this would act as an introductory foundation class for your higher studies.
I am ONI, Thomas Olatunde a Nigerian and  a Postgraduate Degree holder working in one Private University in Nigeria. The course Preparing to Manage Human Resources is a course that is loaded and contribute an educative impact to the live of learners. I really benefited from the course as it exposes me to many things which I dont know from  onset. The facilitators of the course really did an impactful knowledge and I am grateful to them all. Thank you.
Dear Professor John Budd, thank you very much for this excellent course indeed! It is really interesting and very helpful. It helps me to improve my knowledge. Basically I am from mathematics background. This course contains all basics of HRM which is good for those students who are from different backgrounds  This course provide interesting overview in very practical way . I would recommend this course to my colleagues who are interested in HRM.
Great material. Detailed videos. The tests and reading really reflect on the materials given to us thru out the lessons. And the peer graded assignments felt great because there are actual others that are also interested in the same activities as this course and helped me understand more about their views as much as a more in dept understanding of mine.
I thought this was a very informative, well-organized and useful course. I liked the way outside learning options were suggested as well. As a newbie to HR and Business in general, this was a perfect starting place for me. I was able to get the lay of the land and start to think about how my own experience could transfer into this realm.
I've learnt many new skills from this course 1.Understanding alternative approaches to managing human resources and appreciating the diversity of factors that motivate workers.2.Applying best practices for hiring and rewarding employees, and for managing employee performance3. Avoiding key mistakes in (mis)managing human resources
This course provide a comprehensive introductory overview on the basics of HRM. I very informative and started to apply the lessons learned right away. As a non-HR manager the course helped to be better understand the driving principals of HR and various theories upon which the discipline is built. I  highly recommend this course.
Loved the course. It kept me engaged every week with so many things to take away. Highly informative and interactive. The practice quiz and the peer assignment was one of my favorite thing about this course. Helped to understand better. Thanks again sir. It was great. Looking forward to the other courses. cannot wait to enroll.
This is a course that will take you to the next level in the area of managing human resourse. You will be so glad to have done this course like me. It gave me a sence of complition understanding what MHR is all about. I can now boldly manage others well, undertanding worker's needs and how to help them work as great employees.
Excellent and very insightful course .Strtuctred very thoughtfully for freshers & experienced professional too. The university with Prof. John W.Budd has done a awesome team work !!!!  Hats off  for the indepth knowledge Professor and his love /affection towards the community of HR Professional is really admiring. Thank you ,
The Professor in-charge of this course blended perfectly, in a summary pattern, all aspects of Human Resource Management. Basically, I learnt that a great business is nothing without highly managed humans and vis-versa. It was a revealing session, I must say, all throughout the course. I'm happy to be part of this journey.
You won't regret investing your time in preparing to manage human resources (even if you are already in senior post in HR field). It is very helpful and informative. I really appreciate Mr. John Budd, it was a very good, interactive, reflective class. The assignments and projects are  challenging and everyone can relate.
Excellent course structure, very clear and concise material, Learnt a lot about HR strategies, all the modules are very helpful. John Budd 
is teaching in a fun way, which helped me understand the syllabus, with 
short questions to help me think and not too long videos which makes the learning more interesting.
Top notch learning experience with super in-depth videos on HR management... really liked the professor and his easy to follow style. I learned so much and am grateful to start my HR journey here at Coursera with University of Minnesota! Can’t wait to get stuck into the next course in this specialization.
This is absolutely a great and useful course,I learn so much from this course, and it did guide you the right way of thinking and managing situation and courses are so fun, it is not only about the academic lessons but also with experience sharing from the experts from  HR filed.I would recommend it.
I am really confident to offer a 5 star credit to the ongoing course - you know, I have always believed that the fame of any educational institution is prompted by her lecturers so to say. In other words I want to say that I am proud of my lecturer, he is actually proving professionally equipped.
Indeed, this is an interesting programme and I must confess that I really enjoy my time in studying these courses.I want to thank you so much the Management of this Institution for this great opportunity to be part of this programme. Again, thank you and I want to say that Coursera is the best!
Our lecture is amazing and outstanding. Thank you Professor John W. Budd for bringing both practical and theory to the class (numerous interviews with different HR managers in different fields and organization). The lessons are comprehensive and well delivered. Thanks to all the team members.
I liked the lecturer, videos were very nice, funny, with nice graphics and easy to follow and understand. It's definitely worth to take the course to get an overview of HR and how to manage people although most of that was familiar to me, but still good to think about it and a good reminder.
Professor bud presented the lessons in a structured and creative fashion. He was also able to  cover all the basics and use real life application for the concepts and theories he discussed. Overall, this course is perfect for beginners like myself who wish to start a career in HR management.
Absolute wonderful course that covers basic aspects of HRM in a brief but inclusive way and touches all aspects of key HRM principles. The interviews were especially helpful and full of good advice. The lecturer was very lively and engaging, It was fun to do this course. Wonderful job there!
This course is extremely wonderful, the lecturer is very professional and knows how to get the job done. I really appreciate the lecturer, he has helped me to understand this course very well and how to use it in my day to day affairs. Most of all he has helped me to become a people manager.
I have worked in HR technology for the last 4 years and found this course to be really helpful in understanding the challenges and opportunities around HR. I'm able to apply what I learned in this course to better understand HR professionals and what their day-to-day responsibilities are.
This course has helped me in various forms. I would like to thank professor Budd and Coursera for giving us so much of knowledge with seamless efforts. I would recommend this course to all those who are aiming to have a career in HR or want to have the right knowledge about this domain.
It had given me clear guidance of how and different styles of leader ship, and many aspects. Almost 80 % of the portions that  I learned are very new to me and helped to gain vast practical knowledge.Thanks to all who made me get reached to this course get reached and get completed.
This course has a comprehensive explanation on what is Industrial Relations is all about and the studying all aspects of why people work. It helps me to better understand my role as an HR Specialist and how I will add value to the most important asset of the company--- the people.
The content is well written and the videos are very engaging. I did enjoy the time spent while grasping the knowledge at the same time. The Mad Lid exercise was hilarious i am going to use if in all my coming training sessions. I enjoyed the reading assignments from Dr. John blog.
The course is really insightful and so are the blogs of Professor John Budd. Also he enjoys the teaching with his fruits and dance which keeps the interest alive. Special performance is his "vortex swirl" (Do make it to that part if you are reading this). I enjoyed this course :)
Great course! Everything is well explained even for not native language speakers. However would be great to have some written notes which not native language speakers could download and make their translation on them. Sometimes I felt like I'm learning English :) but its great!
I really enjoyed this course, I find it highly professional and full of useful and applicable information. Even as a person who already has some HR experience and also HR education, I extended my skills and knowledge and my range of understanding of the global HR problematics.
From this course I really learned how to manage people strategically.This course showed me different ways of managing and controlling things. Mentors helped me to think out of the box.And thanks to my peers who reviewed my assignment. Will meet in next course. Thanks a lot
Thank you the wonderful job well done. An am now asking you to please allow me to have access to my certificate through my Email. I agree that my feedback may be viewed by the Coursera community, in compliance with the coursera Teams of use and my profile privacy settings
This was a very thorough and insightful introduction to the world of HR. The professor does a good job of explaining ideas and concepts in detail. He also does a good job of keeping things fresh with the use of useful examples drawn from art, business examples and charts.
It's quite hard but when they explain from the module, they explain clearly so that I can easily understand it, I've learned a lot of here in this course, especially when it comes how to manage people, how to be a good leader to your followers, and be mindful HR manager.
It is a well-curated course that gives you the gist of HR management. I loved how Professor had intense knowledge of HR history, Norms and related it with real-life examples. I enjoyed all Lessons and videos thoroughly and recommend it for anyone who is interested in HR.
I have learned a lot during this class.  However,  what i wanted the most is to have better knowledge of the technical part of professional in Human Resources Office.  Hope i will get more information related to what i expected in the next 4 courses.  Best Regards, mjm
So far I have to say it's very informative, very interesting and best of all it's actually useful. I am currently in a position where I am looking to move further into HR from a more recruitment based role and this course is fantastic in setting the foundations for me.
Amazing. Learnt a lot of new things especially the role of psychology and sociology other than economics in the dealing with human relations. Also, for any role in HR, you must understand business first; like how does your organisation make money and all. Great stuff!
The course was absolutely exceptional. I am so happy I got a chance to take part in this awesome program. I was able to relate to the material and identify areas within my professional life where the different managerial styles came out either by myself or my managers
Very good course. I've been working in HR specific field for many years. This course helps me recalled fundamental requirement to be a people manager is real understanding their employees' needs. And then you can use the different kinds of HR tools to motivate them.
The course is well designed and focused. I enjoyed the material presented in the form of videos as well as tests. Many thanks for the opportunity to journey with you to explore aspects of dealing with people in a professional way with who I interact on daily basis.
Great Content. I learned a lot. Instructor was knowledgeable and used humor  which  was awesome. Kept me engaged. Feel I gained a nice foundation to move forward with rest of Specialization and feel confident this  education will support me in my career transition.
Professor Budd's course is very relevant, adjusted for complete beginners in this field, however, showing some good practices and giving valuable information for professionals as well. It has definitely been a great incentive to continue with this specialization.
I would like to thank you very much for giving me this valuable opportunity during the pandemic situation.   This course is very well prepared. Thank you to everyone who organized and conducted this valuable course. I like invite everyone to follow this course.
This course was amazing and I loved every bit of it. Special thank to professor Budd for impacting so much knowledge. With all the lessons I’ve learnt I’m proud to say I have a solid foundation about how to be a great manager. Thank you for making it possible.
This course was really helpful to understand that I didn't have enough knowladge of managing hr. But the course help me to gain better understanding of the process and encouraged me to study more to become the best hr manager in the future. Thank you so much!
This course has been well designed to understand the concepts of HR and the reading exercises are good sync with the current scenarios. Peer rated assignments give you the opportunity to get different perspectives across different industries across the globe.
Professor Budd was fantastic, I hope the other professors in this specialization are as great as he was at explaining subjects while keeping a great pace for the course which is very important in online courses. I'm looking forward to continuing this course.
This online course has taught me many things about hr management. It was very beneficial and interesting. This course has taught me about hr management, the real motive behind every person and goal of the person and how to become a perfect hr manager.
It was a great opportunity for me to take this course! The Professor encouraged me to learn more about the HRM field. I wish there would more courses with this Professor related to human resources sphere. Thank you so much for excellent learning way!
The course it very impactful and expository.It was interactive and relatable. And the opportunity to apply for financial aid was helpful and greatly encouraging for a student like that had no financial income to afford to pay for such huge knowledge.
Very good overview on HR. Only one comment - would it be possible to add to the law part another perspective than the US perspective? For participants from other countries it would be great to have some general insights to i.e. European regulations.
This was a well put together and immensely interactive course. My only critique is to allow students to bypass the critique of peers if there are no other assignments to view but one. This prolongs the student being able to receive the certificate.
Completing a course in Coursera is a huge achievement for me. I've really learn alot from this course which could practically be applied to my current job. Thank you very much for the great opportunity. Kudos to Coursera and the People behind it.
It was a great experience.The course is structured in a way which will give you a deep knowledge about the course.Mr.John W. Budd is a wonderful teacher with wealth of knowledge.I really liked the way he keeps the course interesting and engaging.
I enjoyed the course! I like the fact that the Professor thoroughly taught the HR Strategies, Employment and Labor Law, as well as several other aspects of Human Resources! It was very interesting! A very good way to start the course! Thank you!
it was a wonderful experience to do the course.it really helped me to understand what is the relevance of HR. in every organisation.HR is not a rigid concept it is actually a wide concept. the professor have clearly explained all the concepts .
Very informative and challenging!  I was able to gain more insight into the field.  Professor was easy to understand and course was at my own pace.  I was able to complete a 4 week course in 1 week! Looking forward to starting the next course.
Absolutely Brilliant! This is my first online course and I didn't expect to have such a great time studying online. I believe that it's Prof. John W. Budd's teaching style that had me hooked and his clarity of explaining all topics. Thank you!
This was my first introductory course to HRM. Very rich in material, was able to understand and stay engaged till the end! I highly recommend it to anyone interested in an introduction to HRM. Thank you Coursera, thanks Prof. John. W. Budd!
It is an amazing course. The Assignments let you brainstorm. Every module so nicely covered and things are made so easy for every learner. I had learnt so many things from this course. A heartfelt THANK YOU to Prof. John W Budd. Cheers !!
Excellent course, everyone interested in HRM should do this course. Excellent explanation for all. Detailed and each and every information is apt and accurate...!!! I recommend this to all...!!! Thanks to the team for all their hard work
I loved this course! I have been an HR Recruiter for 5 years and this was a great overview of management styles, HR strategies, employment law. The interviews with executives were also extremely enlightening. Thank you so much Dr. Budd!!
Excellent course. The material was presented very clearly and easy to follow and it was engaging with all the graphics. The pacing was great and I liked the bonus articles and material provided. I feel I learned a lot in just one course.
Prior to taking this course, I knew nothing about human resource management. Now, I can make intelligent contributions on organizational strategies and employee management. It's amazing!Thank you so much Cousera and Professor John Budd.
The course was good it cleared all my doubts related to hr field and also helped me to acquire new skills and knowledge in hr field. I am very much sure with this learning from this course i will be heplful to increase my productivity.
Very well prepared, entertaining videos and flow. I would take this course again without any hesitation. I would only like more practical examples as some students may not have experience and may struggle to understand the application.
This course is great. It gives you an excellent learning on the management styles, HR strategies, People Manager Value Proposition and about some theory. Experienced and Non Experienced HR people easily can do this course. Thank You .
Without going in to too much detail, I would say that without a doubt this course gives a very good introduction to the field, and gives perspective on to the people managing side of things in a short and consise, yet efective manner.
It is indeed a wonderful course. I have learned about different approaches, strategies and constraints for managing people. After completing this course now I feel confident to learn the advanced courses of Human Resource Management.
This course is fast paced and full information. The beauty of it is that John Budd makes the content interesting. I took a lot of great knowledge away from this course and expect it to help propel me to the next level in my career.
This Course was very interesting. It will be further more interesting, if more Human Resource functions like Performance Appraisal, Training and Development, Employee Engagement, Exit Process are also incorporated in this course.
A sound overview about the specifics of managing human resources.I would appreciate to get a short written summary / booklet after completing the course that enables to briefly look up important concepts afterwards in daily work.
Excellent course for any leader to appreciate and understand the complexities of people management. This course gives a great framework and structure for approaching real life HR & management challenges for all managers & leader.
I enjoyed this course.  It gave me an understanding of the way human resources is supposed to work.  It will certainly help me to better interact with HR now that I understand these principles.  I enjoyed the lectures very much.
I am very very new to HR and this course has given me a good grasp of what it is. So I am just going to go with the flow. Some things are still tough for me to understand but I will listen again to my lectures in my spare time
I found the content and context of the video's to be very informative. I also like the class discussions and interactions. I really learned  great stratagies and a better understanding of how to look at my team as individuals.
This course is one of the best course Ive ever taken. It's way more interesting than i expected. My instructor John Budd is super nice. Everyone who wants to learn more about managers role have to try this course, not regrets.
It is such an amazing course for starting your career in the HR field. It will help you build the foundation and will make you understand what things you should focus on. Thank you so much for offering such an amazing course.
Interesting and exciting course. At first I thought it was very dry with the instructor tiny in the corner, but the instructor actually has a funny sense of humour and puts in his own personality into the course. Nicely done!
Solid course, more economics than expected but that is not bad thing! I enjoyed it.Peer Review Assignment was a headache, one person failed me for fun, then I had to wait four days to have someone review my assignment again.
So much more academic and theory based than I expected from an online course. Worth so much more than what I paid for it. Highly recommend it for any one who is given responsibility for HR but hasn't been trained to do it.
Thank you Professor Budd! This introductory course is very motivating and I am confident to finish this specialization with an in-depth knowledge in human resource. This could lead me to figure out my future career path!
Very enriching experience. The tutor is awesome. Language used is very simple and understandable easily. The animation used to teach is very good and helps to learn more easily. Overall the course is worth of doing it.
I am very happy that I took this course. As a professional who is transitioning into HR from law, this course provided valuable information on the topics I will need to consider as I fulfill my role as an HR Manager.
A exceptionally great introduction! Enlightening literature, funny interjections, practical examples! I loved this introduction and I am certainly going on to complete the other courses in the specialisation package.
I enjoyed studying in this course because I learned about good management, HR management, the foundation of being a manager, HR laws and norms, and lots of knowledge that I can learn and practice in my daily life.
it was made in easy way, matching our lifstyle, in which we can study when time available, also the sequences of the subject was very clear, made the understanding more easyI would like to Thank all Coursera team,
Very dynamic course. I enjoyed all aspects and this was the first online course i completed at this level. My Lecturer was very authentic and engaging in all aspects of the course. Would recommend this to anyone.
This course has been an eye opener into human management. A very detailed course outline with a great facilitator in Mr John. I greatly recommend this course to beginners and any one looking into the field of HR.
Being from a non-hr background, I did not had any previous knowledge about it.But this course was very informative, engaging and useful. I highly recommend it to everyone who wishes to begin his/her HR journey.
This course helped to broaden my understanding of Human Resources. It was insightful and easy to understand. I like how the course is mapped out and gives valuable examples of how to understand the material.
This has been a very interesting and  interactive course. every time a small assessment keeps ckeck on whether learning is satisfactory or not.Proper instructions helps in completing the work in given time.
I really enjoyed this course, because it gives you in a very friendly way, the foundation for this HR Management Specialization, the teacher was really nice and the information they give you is very useful!
Good course with a great teacher! A lot of useful and interesting information about HR Management and being a manager. Interesting videos, never boring, good use of pictures, graphics, videos and examples.
Really enjoyed taking this course. This gave me a general overview as to what is HR and what goes into HR. I highly recommend taking it if you are interested in pursuing HR or want to learn more about it.
Good course. I recommend attending the specialization course and if you don't do the specialization course, then doing this will at least give you an overview of many important aspects of managing people.
The course was very well explained and insightful also the the assignments were thought provoking. I really enjoyed learning the foundation of Human Resources and I feel equipped to start my career in HR.
This course fits those who want to become Human Resource manager, it teaches from basic to a level where you can gain deep insight of managing various employees with different need and motivating factors.
This course provides a very brief and thorough idea about HR theories and policies. The course is structured properly and Prof. Budd is amazing at explaining concepts and theories in brief and easy way.
Very inspirational course.. I have learnt alot especially where people management and role of HR is concerned plus an indepth view of how the Labour Market and practices are different between US & Kenya
This course had help me in identifying and enhance the skills that I need to managing employees.  i love how the professor (Prof. John Budd) provides clear explanation of each lesson and as a whole!
I will like to use this medium to thanks my lecturer John W. Budd and the entire University of Minnesota for your support and lecture very educating process. Thanks i love you all. TimelineNext Step
I had a very great time while doing this course and there are a lot of things that i have learned from this course, and because of my this experience i am looking forward to go for another course
I recommend this course for anyone leading and managing others. I learned it's better to be a managing leader as well as a reliable HR Partner, and it's important to do so. Great job, Professor!
I learned so much about what it takes to become Human Resource Manager and the different laws that are out there. More importantly i learned that its exactly what i want to do with my career now
it was a very good experience while running  about the people management.How HR is important in every company and roles of HR .As we all know that HR is the backbone of the company.Thank you .
Great course for new managers. Provides framework for first decisions as a new leader. Good refresher for existing managers or individuals looking to transition into HR from a leadership role.
The course was useful to me, as I have people management responsibilities as part of my job. I have learned concepts that I did not know about, and got an  insight into US labour laws as well.
Thank You So MuchI really appreciate the Coursera Team that has provided many different and amazing courses and programs,Best of LuckI try to continue with more and more courses from Coursera
Amazing! Loved the course content, the way it was delivered, the doable time frames of each video and the takeaways gained through this platform! Thanks, Professor Budd! Great use of my time!
Very well detailed and engaging. P.S: Just a minor pet peeve with watching  the video is, Prof. Budd's light tongue smacking while speaking, is distracting for me. Just a tiny personal issue.
Absolutely loved the content! Provided me with lots of insights regrading human resources. Thank you for helping me understand how human resources plays an important role in an organization!
Blessed to avail this chance of learning from Pro. Jhon Budd, It really helped me to brush my understanding of HR, now i really feel it! I AM READY TO MANAGE HUMAN RESOURCES. Thank you sir!
The professor's understanding on the subject was amazing. Generally i don't link attending classes, but during this course i never felt bored, was always curious to know about the subject.
I got knowledge that makes my future bright. Other useful skills I will learn include organisations' HRM reporting and communication.It a Great time to learn from John w. Budd. Thanks sir.
The course has excellent content good presentation and gained considerable knowledge. It is a complete refreshment of my studies with inputs on laws in other countries Throughout enjoyed.
Great content. This course gives you a better context of the aspects a people manager should consider for developing useful strategies for the company, but thinking about the people too.
Great !!but there have to be grading system doing by ınstructure. Because other students do not help the others. They gave low points and students may be get some stress. Best Regards !
It is one of the best online course I ever enrolled. Great teaching from the top professor and many interviews of top professional HR will really help you understand the concept better.
A great course to get started into learning more about HRM. Great videos, readings, and the quizzes really do a good job to make you go back and revisit things that you may have missed.
i have learned a lot through this course. before this course, we were only aware of theoretical knowledge but now i have learned implication of knowledge gained during academic period.
Thank you for the this opportunity, I learned so many  interesting things in this course.And i hope this will help me in future HR career and last thank you for boosting my confidence.
This course was not only enriching, it was to me an INSPIRATION BOOTCAMP. What I studied has raised my confidence a lot and I am already applying my new techniques and seeing results.
Gave me a great framework for talking about my experiences in management and staff engagement work - and also showing me how different fields/organizations can view HR and management
Very intensive course. The way Professor John presented it made the course even more interesting. Although I have been part of HR for 6 years, I have learned a lot from this course.
for everyone envolve in creating this course especially Mr.John W. Budd . I like the method in teaching and how you make learning an intersting thing to do.best of luck for everyone
I learned a lot of good things and developed some new skills. Professor Budd talked very understandable and I am very satisfy with whole course. That is what I'm looking for! :))))
The best HR course I have pursued so far. The lecture on employment and labour law was very excellent. I got so much on HR Strategies and the need to an HR partner in the business
I like to learn and I get a live example of working culture and I have memorized the culture we are following in our company. So Thank you so much for the best Inputs in my life.
This first has really opened my eyes to some HR practices I never knew especially regarding laws guiding employees . I had an amazing time and zero regret taking up this course !
Absolutely great and outstanding course. It has been a real pleasure for me to be a part of it. Thank you John Budd for providing this amazing experince and invaluable knowlegde.
Amazing course, go to learn a lot. I am unable to proceed with the specialization. Can somebody help with it. I did not get enrolled in all the courses under the specialization.
I would recommend this course to anyone who is seeking to general understanding of HR. Additionally, this course provides a great foundation to completing additional HR courses.
I have learned so much throughout this course, I am actually preparing to take on a role as a manager, but I never thought that the HR world would be this thrilling. Thank you.
This is a good place to improve your HR knowledge Lecturers have a lot of knowledge and experience. And also they provide real experiences and examples to understand theories.
This HR Course has been a very in-depth and intense knowledge for a student to understand HR role in an of the organisation. Also takes you through how to deal with employees.
Excellent ! The best course I have ever came across to, I enjoyed the whole session and I learn many things that will be essential for me when I venture out in the job market.
When it comes to HRM online courses, I higherly recommends Coursera, for it has the in-depth analysis and contents, prepared for shaping and putting the HR students on track.
I have learnt so much on this course that will help me to manage the people around me efficiently and effectively. Thank you Coursera for the opportunity given to me to learn
The instructor was very good. The infirmation provided was just right and delivery was never boring. Had a great experience and learnt a lot about the basics required for HRM
really a great course that everyone who are aspiring to enter into the field of human resource. special thanks to john budd sir who introduced the human resources strategies
After taking this course my knowledge regarding to Human Resource Management enhanced and i it gives me a broader version to think strategically to achieve better outcomes.
A very thorough course which was well explained. After watching the introductory video I was very excited and the faculty connected them very skillfully with great examples
this course is really helpful to have an complete insight of how employees behave and what they actual demand from the organization and what in return organization demand.
Highly recommended for anyone who wants to understand how HRM looks like or is in charge of managing people and wants to do it in an effective, managerial and leading way.
I have enjoyed this course.My knowledge about HR has been polished through this course.My personnel development skills enhanced.I glad to joined such a informative course.
Extremely informative and rich in terms of providing knowledge in this field, especially helpful for beginners who have nearly no practical experience in this world of HR
Sir John Budd thanks beautiful Explanation, Thanking for coursera and my College Deogiri Institute Of Engineering and management studies for making available this course
My deepest appreciation to the people who have been associated in creation of this valuable project , to all teachers and to Mr.John Budd .Thank you all to your support!
The material is top notch, delivery perfect. Plenty of illustrations and real life examples. This course should be a prerequisite for qualification as a HR practitioner!
One of the best courses I have enrolled. The entire course is descriptive with focus on key concepts. Live examples from leading HRs are a big plus. Highly recommended.
A great course that lays the foundation for HR management. So many concepts explained that I never thought about previously. Can't wait to complete the specialization!
Excellent course! Highly recommended for anyone pursuing a career in Human Resources. It is appropriate even if you are not an HR professional, and are a line manager.
Great introductory course in HR! It provides a nice overview on a large range of HR policies and practices. I feel better prepared to continue learning in this area.
This course provided a strong introduction to the HR field. I gained new skills to better manage my employees and become a more effective manager. Highly recommend!
The course is very engaging. This is very informative and provides different perspectives and fresh ideas. And I love how professor John Budd elaborate the lessons.
A very interesting introduction into the technical aspects of Human Resources;would suggest this course to all those who are looking forward to build their in HR.
Thank you! This course offered a great introduction to HR for me and I appreciate all the work in designing it as well as the teacher's guidance in the videos!
One of the most comprehensive courses on  HRM. Covers holistic view. The 4 paintings and related HR strategy makes it really interesting and easy to understand
This course is amazing, i learnt a lot, its fun! Proff. john w budd taught the course in a very simple and easy language which creates a better understanding.
Everything in this course is explained in detail and in a really clear way. Each video gives the main information in a brief way, so you can remember easily !
I have learned so many new concepts and facts.Professor Budd is entertaining and has broad vision. The lectures are very well structured.Thank you, very much!
Knowledge that could prove beneficial in the long run, not only in the human resource industry but also in managing individuals and colleagues. Great course!
It was having a really good time  and you i learned a lot from this course  . Your gentle guidance and willingness to help was so important to me. Thank you!
I loved the professor John Budd! He taught everything in a very comprehensive way. I learned a lot from this course and would definitely recommend taking it.
I absolutely loved this course. It is simple yet has so much information that gives you a good start for a  HR career. I can't wait to learn about the rest.
This was a fantastic intro course to Human Resources that was engaging, challenging at times, and provided better content than most other online HR courses.
This course has been very insightful as a foundation for this specialization. It has exposed me to current HR trends I was unaware of. I will recommend it..
I Would like to thanks our honorable course instructor Professor John W. Budd. I have learned so many things about how to preparing manage human resources.
the course content is relevant in tackling current HR issues , its good for employers and employees too. the lecturers were slow paced and clear I loved it
Professor Budd is knowledgeable and approaches the course with a sense of humor which I greatly appreciate! I'll definitely recommend this course if asked.
Its really nice information which you can use in the beginning of your HR carrier. At least it helps to understand what  HR Management is or what is about.
Very informative and assisted me in thinking outside of the box when it comes to managing people.  It provided different approaches to managing individuals
The teacher makes the classes simple to understand, with dynamic classes, with super interesting questions and debates! I loved it and highly recommend it!
I loved and enjoyed completing this course. It was extremely helpful. I look forward to moving ahead to the next course in the specialization. Thank you.
I'm learning so much more than I had ever expected and truth be told, this course is making me realize that Human Resources might actually be my calling.
It was an awesome course with a very well explained approach by the professor. Just loved it !!!Thank you so much University of Minnesota & Coursera !!!
Useful overview of HR theories and concepts, helpful in preparing to think about HR strategy. I wish there were more case studies of strategy decisions.
John's teaching style is engaging, the topics create a solid foundation and the format is interesting.  I appreciate the ability to work at my own pace.
Course in interesting and informative. Would have liked to have had more details about various HR lines of employment but otherwise very engaging course
I would like to thank to professor John Budd for his great course, I have learnt many interesting and important things for my job and my career as well.
I really loved this course. The material is presented logically and well structured. I liked lots of visual information and Professor's sense of humor.
An excellent course. I learned a lot of new things related to HR and because of the great teaching style i wish to do my masters from this university.
Awesome course with very detailed and broad information about HR, plus some of the exclusive interview from the professionals working in the HR field.
John Budd is a witty instructor and he did well to breakdown terms to simple forms.  Well done sir! I don't mind taking other courses  from you again.
This was amazing, allows me to make my mistakes and learn from them. I felt great taking this course, going to continue and get the specialization !!
I really enjoyed this class and learned a lot. There were areas of improvement that I'm learning to implement for future advancement in my HR career.
I want to thank you all for trying to  give in-depth and detailed information to newcomers and interested people in HRM with well delivered basics.
I thank everyone who helped put together this course. i would specially like to Thank Professor John W Budd for giving his time and effort into it.
This course helped me recall basics of Human Resources Management which I had forgotten. A must course for those who are planning o switch careers.
Excellent course. The activities are useful and all the concepts are clear and with examples to understand how it is applied in each organization.
Excellent course. This course has totally changed my perception towards HR managers. I am now able to understand their importance in organisation.
In my honest opinion; GREAT COURSE! And John, sorry, "Mr. Budd", is a great tutor! No problem to tag along as a non-native english guy like me :)
Thank you so much, i am glade to be the student of such prestigious institute and such great tutors. you gays improve my knowledge, love you all.
This has been the best learning experience I've had. all the information was job related, and easy to follow. i would recommend to my colleagues.
Thanks a lot for great and wonderful education platform " coursera " and all thank for every word we learned from great professor " John Budd ".
I must admit taking this course enlightened me about the role of HR managers and how important they are to ensure the productivity of employees.
We can get basic knowledge of HR.I think it's the good way to learn for beginner and HR person who wants to organize their career in this course
This HRM course has taught me a lot about how to manage people to get the best out of them and also to fulfill an organizations goal. Thank you.
All perfectly explained !!! Great examples and cool funny moments. I have learned a lot more and it is a pleasure to be a part of HR Management)
Amazing content... great for a new people manager and also as a refresher for experienced HR people like myself... Great job Prof. John W. Budd.
Lot of bugs in the course, peer graded assignment is rated yet no advancement, quizzes give out different correct answer suggestions every time.
Great overview and theoretical background that gives first notion of what to expect and what to focus on when dealing with complex HR relations.
I am very glad to be the student of this course and i have successfully completed it and very thankful to John Budd and university of minnesota
I really enjoyed this course. I learned a lot that is currently going on in my own work force, and it changed my perception of managing others.
I have learned a lot from this course than i anticipated, the way it was taught could easily reflect that it is offered at post graduate level.
No comment especialy the teachers here and the way how they present to us lessons. i really did would like to be a student of them there in usa
Very detailed and informative course about Human Resources. I like the vast range of knowledge I gained from this course. Thank you professor!
I liked the way the information was provided, it was easy to understand and not boring. I learned many interesting things about HR management.
Great overview of all the facets of managerial styles and how to incorporate different societal factors and cultural norms into the workplace!
Very good teaching model, all videos are easy to understand and all pictures describe easy to memorizeI'm really happy to continue my learning
Great resource! The content was excellent and gave me a great idea of how and where to look for more information and carry on with my studies.
Excellent course to get a brief and little in depth overview of human resource management, how it work, ways to deal according to situations.
It gave me insight about how organisation works and how knowing more about the business is the first thing in becoming a successful hr person
Great course! Learn about the basics and history of HR. Fun professor and amazing way to show the information! Can’t wait to do more courses!
EXCELLENT! I really enjoyed the HRM course. I'm an HR professional and it's so helpful to stay up on all HR tools and techniques. Thank you!
I am getting a good knowledge of the Human resource for Management  for the company. It is the  best E-online service and Resources provide.
thanks a world from coursera and the managers of  this organization.i really appreciate your good efforts towards giving knowledge to human
I  Have Received enough Inputs from this Course i would like to Thank Coursera  and John W.Budd for Complete assistance in ongoing Modules
Learned a Lot of Management From Professor Budd. Taught us lot about how to manage People and Carry out the activities in an organisation.
Great course that gives a lot of insight into how Human Resources is conducted and what it involves in the employee-employer relationship.
Thanks to this course that help people to learn about the basic of human resource in flexible time, educative video, and free certificate
Great and very informative, definitely recommend to everyone who would like to learn more about HR or change career into Human resources.
I highly recommend this course. It is a great introduction to Human Resource Managment and valuable informaton related to the business.
Excellent CourseI learned a lot in this course, very informative  and enhanced my knowledge skills in HR.Big thanks to Professor Budd !
A good course for Human relations concept identifying HR necessity, inter personal skills etc. is very useful in daily management works
I loved the course from the beginning until the end. Especially the Peer Group assignment was very helpful to see others' perspectives.
I had learned a lot of knowledge from this course. This is a foundation for anyone who wants to become an HR Specialist or HR Manager!
Course was a great introduction to HRM. John made the course entertaining and interactive which helped with motivation and commitment.
Really very good process of explaining different methods in managing employees, thanks a lot to Johan.M.Budd sir....with my kind heart
Thank you very much for this course. I have just moved to USA and it was very useful for me to receive information about US Labor Law.
I enjoyed this course and would highly recommend both aspiring and seasoned HRM managers to take this course as well as entrepreneurs
Its one of the best innovative course that really helped me in getting good idea about HR. Thanks to our mentorProfessor John W. Budd
I never stopped to think that not everyone has the same reason to .go to work and that's why in some companies people quit constantly
This is a very comprehensive course for the HR learners. It is designed so well that, People from any background can understand this.
This course is the first of five and I have already learned a lot.  Can't wait to do the other courses.  The teacher is also awesome!
This has been an informative and interactive course. The visual and the humor used aided on keeping me engaged. I have learned a lot
Very insightful and lively. Learnt basic principles that were well taught and brought together in an entertaining manner. Enjoyed it
The Teacher really cares about making the course interesting and valuable. Besides, you actually learn a lot of management  tools .
Excellent teacher, i was completely submerged in your class. I hope i can get a chance to do my master's degree at this university.
Exceptional course, with a well-created syllabus, and our professor was superb. Can't ask for more. Completely enjoyed, doing this.
I really like it, the use of real examples and how the theory is compare with reality.I feel more confident on the awareness of HR.
This course provides very good knowledge, this course should be done by people who want to work in the human resources department.
This is very good effort by team Coursera. Everyone must do these courses to learn something new. Good luck to all & Stay blessed.
This was an exceptional approach to what involve HR Management. Very motivator and with very useful information for HR beginners.
This course provided me more insights regarding to human resources management.  Thanks to the coursera team and to the Professor.
Fantastic! This course can be a great tool to start learning about HR, not just in Manage away.Thanks for sharing this knowledge.
this course is truly amazing and unique with a different approach to the subject by professor Budd.thank you for the opportunity!
It was a lovely course on the whole. I would suggest more live examples with global arena could have helped me understand better.
The teacher was very engagin and fun to watch and listen to. His way of explaining things was very simple and easy to understand.
I've taken all four courses of this specialization, the first one is the mo appealing, useful and entertaining. Great visual ads.
Thats a great  course. Gave great insights on how strategies to manage Human resources in an organisation. John is a great coach.
Wow, I have gained a great deal of knowledge and experience that will help me in my working life
Really many thanks and respect.
A general introduction to the HR world.Very interesting and well explained, with quizzes at the end of every lesson.Recommended.
Intense and comprehensive Training with quite number of real life scenerios sited as examples. Well facilitated and coordinated.
I loved this course, I think that the Professor Budd is a great one. Thank you a lot for all the knowledge that you have shared.
The course was certainly a great opportunity to learn best practices, and Professor Budd's classes are incredible! I recommend !
This is a great course for those who are thinking about a career in HR. It is also serves a good refresher for current managers.
It is a great opportunity to be able have a professor like John Budd.The course was prepared properly. Great learning material.
This course has been helpful in building my understanding of HR practice and to effectively be a strategic HR business partner.
Wonderful, really its a challenge for me because my english isnt very good, but with calm and dedication everything is possible
Thank you sir and coursera to provide me opportunity to join this HR Course to update and enhance my KSA's in this area of HR.
This course is an eyeopener and it is very  insightful. I learned of different reasons why people work and what motivate them.
This course gives basic fundamentals about Human Resource Management. This course helps us to understand various HR functions.
It's so amazing and worthful for my career impact and I learned a lot of new things that  I can implement in my organization.
The interest in the subject boosted due very nice and live like presentation that some time may not get actual direct classes
It is one of the best courses in HR I have learned.  It combines both theories and practices through using wonderful methods.
Really enjoyed this course. Prof Budd's course presentation and slides are very clear, easy to understand and even humourous!
A great course ever! Thank you so much for providing me and many others the great course for personal and career development.
Good course for an introduction into HR, I enjoyed learning about the correlations between HR Management and Economic Theory.
Being new in the field, there many great insights in this course to help me determine whether it is something for me or not.
Great instruction.  Learned valuable information from the course.  Peer activities were a great learning experience as well.
Excellent background on HR and its history. Great Introduction, all though a bit slow at some times. In general - excellent!
Professor Budd does an excellent job teaching the course. I can't recommend him highly enough. I had a great time learning.
This course was well detailed and explanatory, i kept notes and am sure this will help me in becoming a good HR personnel.
It was an awesome experience to me... To know the how to manage an organization and employees.. As a manager I had learned
Great. John sir explained everything very well. Good animation also due to that i get easy to clear chapter. Thank you sir
I liked this course very much I wasn't know any thing about human resources but now I know a lot about it and the managing
Great Stepping stone for learners wanting to enter the HR field, and also a great refresher course for any HR professional
What a significant experience gathered while studying this course. Learnt a lot of new terms and things to move forward.
Very informational. AS a newby in HR, this has opened new opportunities for learning. I am excited to have a follow thru
Amazing! At start I was so blank about human resource but then this course help me know the basics.It was very worthful
the classes are very good and simple the exercises that we do after every week make me understand the classes very well
Good course, I would recommend for those who want to dive into HR field. Thanks to professor, it was a nice experience
Great course even though I have been in HR for a while it provided me with some very important refreshed information.
The course opened my eyes to what we neglect as HR, thinking is not work. I really enjoyed the training on the course
Well dished out. The experience was superb. I can recommend this course anytime and anywhere.Thanks to Team Coursera.
Thank you so much for this excellent course. I'm so happy to attend. I believe all what I learned will help me a lot.
Really good and simplified course, the topics are easy to a understand, and to professor is very good in explaining.
Great way to learn, very informative. Sometimes the tests don't exactly match material learned but easy to navigate.
What an excellent course! Well done Professor Budd and to all the contributors who made this such a joy to complete.
Superb course. Thank Coursera for providing this valuable course surely it will boost my CV as well as muy carrier.
The best till now. i enjoyed a lot and learned a lot. the teaching is so interesting that i couldn't stop learning.
WoWIt was an amazing course. It gave me lots of ideas. It could have had a text book as a reference.Recommended. :)
Mr. John Budd is the perfectionist , i loved his way of teaching , looking forward for more learning .Thank you :)
very informative course. The concepts are made clear in a very simple and easy to understand manner. Thanks a lot
it's a nice course that explained many things about people and organizations. That's good to build our knowledge.
This course is the best thing that happened to me. I look forward to completing the rest.  Thanks prof John Budds
I do not have an HR background, and this course was able to provide a solid foundation for learning in this area.
This was a great gateway into understand Human Resource Management. Excited for the rest of this specialization!
There is a lot of valuable resources about HRI hope to every person will gain main inforamtions from that course
It is a very useful course. I would recommend this course if you want to learn about HR even for the first time!
Great Class with amazing instructor. I have learned so much in this 4 weeks . I definitely recommend this class.
In this case, I learn approaches that can behaviour with employees and encourage them to continuing their works
Very interesting. Each person that will chose this module will gain many interesting and important information.
This was great!!! I really enjoyed the material and it opened my eyes to the world of HR and People management!
Professor John W. Budd is just simply amazing! I will gladly take any other courses which he is the instructor!
Provided me the HR information I never knew about. I enjoyed the course! Would recommend it for People Mangers.
Great course that provides you with insight to things you may otherwise not have considered in managing people.
Thank you prof. Budd, I am looking forward to see you againg for Capstone Project.My best regards,Massimo Zilio
I love this course, the professor was brilliant, friendly but most important for me clear! Thank you very much
I totally recommend this course for an introduction to HR. The professor makes each session very interesting.
It is an excellent course , really i enjoy it. I would recommend it for all even if u are not working in HR.
Very comprehensive and engaging. Great examples were cited as well as activities with learner participation.
Great course, well crafted and full of some wonderful information.  I have recommended it for my co-workers.
Thanks, professor. It was very informative and at the same time, you made it easy to follow and understand.
An absolute masterclass. John Sir is a genius. An amazing introduction to Human Resource Management for me.
Great course! I've learned a lot of new and interesting information about how to succesfully manage people.
I really liked the instructor and I liked the way they presented the information. I recommend this course.
I love this course since it gives you the mindset how you can embrace business and people in the business.
a very good picture of HR, showing the basic dynamics and process, and different points of view. Thank you
I strongly recommend this course. Very good explanations by giving examples and videos so fully explained.
This was a great course with enough materials to study and the additional resources were very helpful too!
I love this course. It's really useful and supports me a lot in my career. Thank you, teacher John W.Budd
This is very educative. It has helped me gain a lot of new ideas and skills in human resource. Try it too
Awesome Nowdays, here most of the human going to be selfish and just want to make money not social values
Great way of taking a course while providing sufficient quizzes, reading and hands on with the assignment
It has been insightful so far. I am getting to know the importance of Human Resource in any Organisation.
Very helpful to a HR new bee! I really appreciate all the efforts of professors from University Minnesoda
It is practical and systematic. It helps me to reflect how do I manage people and how am I being managed.
I have learned so much throughout this course!  It is well organized and Prof. Budd is a great presenter!
I have enjoyed the course. I think it is a good time to understand do you want keep forward or not in HR
Best experiance with the course Preparing to Manage Human Resources, I learnet so many things with this.
I learned a lot from this course so I wanted to thank courser and professor John for this amazing course
I really found it to be very insightful, and i am looking forward to learning more about the world of hr
Professor John W. Budd taught very well. He made the courses very interesting and learned something new.
This Course is truly helpful and those who wish to pursue their career in HR should definitely do this!
WONDERFUL COURSE......REALLY HE IS VERY GOOD PROFESSOR  AND GREAT TEACHER .....    AND WONDERFUL COURSE
Instructor seemed to make it easier for me to understand the material. And thank you for financial aid.
it was veryfull for me to understand different managerial strategies and importances of human resource.
Excellent course, that gave me a lot of different knowledge.Thank you so much Professor John W. Budd!!!
The course is really good and complete, it includes a very broad variety of information and knowledge.
I loved the way the course was conducted. It was highly informative and had a very practical approach.
The course was informative and productive! I learned a lot and very grateful to John Budd for his job!
Very informational and liked the teaching by Prof. John Budd very much. It was fun taking this course.
Professor Budd was very personable and made the content easily digestible and relatable. Great course!
Great course.  I learned a lot about HR strategies and Employment Labor laws and many other subjects.
Great introduction to HR policies and managerial styles. Course that every HR specialist should take.
Course was interesting, I can recomend it for all, who want to know about what being HR managers is.
Wonderful explanation and lectures by Dr. John w budd. Wonderful experience and good knowledge on HR
excellent course, includes a lot of important information that indicates the high impact that HR has
valuable insights to understand the HR in a better way to manage people to meet organizational goals
Useful and detailed information provided regarding the subject. Taught in a fun and interesting way.
I'm so thankful I'm takin this specialization, I've learned a lot about HR. I highly recommended it.
Thank you very much! The professor was understandable and analytic and i really enjoyed the course!
very helpful course. Thank you very much for this opportunity coursera and university of Minnesota.
thank you so much for this wonderful course , it will definitely helpful for me in future projects.
It was a great course and I got really a lots of knowledge especially in onbording new employees  .
I enjoyed this course very much. I found the information to be relevant and up to date. Thank you.
The course is well organized. The quality of videos was great. A good start for the course series.
Very detailed course structure and helpful in dealing with real life Human Resource Challenges! :)
I am new to HR and found this course informative and an excellent foundation for further learning.
Great course , lot of learning on basic HR strategy / employment and labor laws. Time well spent.
This course is well designed, I am happy to found this course on coursera.thank you to Prof. Bud.
I appreciate Coursera and this course. I am learning so much. The instructor, John Budd is great.
I appreciate the way course is designed to handle the HR challenges an gives a broader picture on
I have learned many things, how to mange in the right  time  and right decision in every sector.
So enjoyed this course really learned so many things. I don't have suggestions for it.Thank you.
The course provided me with a theoretical rigour and good practice. This is a confidence booster
This is the best place to study, so self explanatory and easy to grab with loads of information.
Amazing course!!! Professor Budd besides being a great professor is an excellent communicator!!
This call was very informative and covered a lot of material that will be useful in the future!
Great insight, I was looking for learning about people management but this course helped a lot.
I enjoyed every bit of this course. It was well delivered by Prof. John W. Budd. Thank You Sir
Learned a lot from this course. From the basics of HR to the different approaches and visions.
that was an amazing course and an amazing instructor  i want to thank you for this opportunity
Very informative and educational. Loved the images and the jokes. I thought they were funny.=)
Great overview, engaging instructor. Highly recommended if you're considering a career in HR!
This is great course for preparing for fundamental of HR concept and helpful for the students
This course is good for a beginner who wants to pursue a career in human resource management.
This is a great course for someone who has very little HR experience. He was a great teacher!
Really useful and good training. I learned a lot about human resources and their management.
Learnt lot more things and acquired knowledge in this course. Its a fantastic course overall
Absolutely clear, great resume of all the aspects we should include and think before to act.
I have never enjoyed learening before like i did with cousera i cant wait to get more of it.
The course was very intuitive. I gained in-depth knowledge about Human Resource Management.
The course was enjoyable and informative. Looking forward to the next steps of the program!
Thank you. I really like this course. It is quite interesting to understand the bases in HR
impressive how dedicated people giving away their talents for everybody to grasp and learn!
It was an amazing experience to lean about HR and it has enlightened my spirit to continue.
That was an awesome course  with awesome teacher ! I learn many things about HR management
it is a very good introduction for beginners .thank you Coursera and Minnesota university.
IT IS INTERESTING AND I LEARNED A LOT  NEW THINGS. THANK YOU COURSERA AND PROFESSOR JOHN.W
Course was thorough, easy to understand, and provided co-cohesive thought provoking tasks.
Easy to follow and informative, it has given me a good foundation from which to work from.
Excellent Course content... Knowledge driven experience. Thanks for all faculty members..
I am really excited to complete this course. I really enjoyed this & learn something new.
This course is very useful. I have learnt much. It’s most essential for HR Professionals.
Amazing Learning Experience.  I am really feeling sad , i want to keep learning from you.
This is an awesome course that is full of learning. It involves active participation too.
An awsum learning in such a good way I totally appreciated I loved it ... thank you team.
great course for making foundations of Human Resource System for HR and non HR functions
it is a very insightful first look at HR management techniques, history and current laws
Super helpful, the professor had great information and spoke clearly/delivered it well.
Very recommended for a college student who wanna learn about developing human resources
Its was a wonderful and interesting course to manage human towards organisational goals
a very complete material and course, delivered excellently  and clearly by professional
A very well prepared course gives you insight of HR as a strategic and proactive domain
Excellent lecture! Your lectures were awesome and well understood. Thank you so...much!
John Budd is an effective instructor, and makes learning this an entertaining exercise.
if you wanna detail knowledge, and from basic knowledge you must enroll to this course.
very practical and thought provoking means of addressing hr and organisational strategy
Great course! I recommend this course for everyone who are willing to learn about HRM.
I had a very nice time taking advantage of this valuable information content.Thank you
Really insightful and provides a great foundation to understanding basic HR Management
This is an excellent course both for beginners as well as for experienced HR Managers.
This course really broadened my knowledge and provided a very good framework about HR.
The lessons were very clear and descriptive. Thank you very much for your endeavours.
This was a great primer on how to manage human resources, rich in detail and history.
This was a great course! I wish there were more Canadian and European content though.
Very good foundation course for those who are interested in HR for people management
Very Usefull, and can learn about how to manage people in other view than just money
This course given me a lot of knowledge about various Hr roles and other areas too..
Learnt a lot from this course! very good professor that explains contents very well!
Instructor was great and material was presented in a very easy to understand manner.
This course was very educational as well as it kept me engaged through the very end.
This course is very helpful for the beginners and is as interesting as it is useful.
Excellent course material and tutor. It has been very educational and enlightening.
All the things were well explained. Looking forward to the next part of the course.
Excellently presented and easy to understand even for people with no HR background.
The course is elaborate and helpful. It also relates to the real and dynamic world.
I have learned bunch of new things related to HR in the international perspective.
Really informative course with a lot of basic knowledge to manage human resources.
Everything was taught in the most efficient and effective manner by the professor.
i enjoyed this course so much except for a few glitches while using the app on IOS
very inspiring, instructivepeer review work let you improve yourself in this topic
A wery good and inspired Module. I have learned a lot form it. Thank you Proffesor
Thank you Professor for this course. It is really interesting and helpful lessons.
Good coverage of material from theories to practical suggestions. Thanks Prof JW.
This course was interactive and informative and an exciting introduction into HRM
I enjoyed this course thoroughly. Proffesor Boyd brought managing people to life!
Very enjoyable and well laid out course. Great content and definitely worthwhile.
Excellent content. The pace of the course was well thought out and learned a lot.
The Contents and guideline were excellent, The lectures were well understandable.
It was an excellent course for someone who is novice in managing human resources.
This is really helpful and I appreciate the course material and the presentation.
It was an amazing course and the instructor Professor John Budd was doing great.
I enjoyed this course from start to finish. Great lecturer, great presentations!
Outstanding course with outstanding contents taught by an outstanding professor.
Course is very interesting, done in a fun and easy to learn and understand way!
Very informative and a very good foundation for Understanding People Management
The course was very informing and eye opener to what HRM really involve around.
Excellent course, its has really helped me to sharpen my Human Resource skills.
Thank you for the penetrative knowledge on preparing to manage Human Resources.
Excellent course content, well explained. I gained so many insights from this.
This professor is a lot of fun and provides many relevant examples. Thank you!
Incredible informative HR course. Great lecture, nice example and explanation.
Professor Budd made the learning process stressless. Totally worth the effort.
Excellent material for study and practical examples to understand the concepts
Quality and professionalism. Very good professors and a very complete content.
Great course for anyone trying to learn about human resources from the basics
Very good course with briefly agendas. I am enjoy to take this course online.
Loved the Course!  Really helpful in my role as a leader in our organization.
Great course, great instructor who enables you to enjoy the learning process.
Thank you Mr. Budd, I really enjoyed the class! Great presentation and notes
Its really very good , it is very useful for my career. Thank you so much !!
Very Good course, I really enjoyed it. I think it is a very good start point
Very interactive course with up to date material. Shall recommend it to all!
Informative course. Enjoyed the presenters approach to teaching the lessons.
Great! It is a useful subject for me to understand about the labor resource!
Excellent introduction to the next modules. I'm excited to pass all the next
Great course to preparing to HR Career.. Enjoying and strongly recommending.
IT WAS AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE. AND I HAVE DEFINITELY LEARNT A LOT. THANK YOU
This course is more important and give many knowledge about Humane Resource
I really enjoyed the way the information was made attainable and relevant .
Great effort in the course and good participation with colleagues
thank you
thanks coursera, I also thank University of Minnesota and Prof.John W. Budd
i love this course . i enjoy it, got great knowledge about human resources
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! I found it comprehensive and insightful.
I really enjoyed this course. Professor Budd made it easy to follow along.
its great course, help us how to analyze how can we motivate each employee
Great Foundation and refresher course about General Human resource theory.
This course is a great learning and improve one's HR Management abilities.
Such an amazing course with rich information to get you into the HR world.
It's very helpful for anyone who wants to start a career in HR management
Very good, excellent quality course, showed me a lot about HR management.
This course helps me to achieve more knowledge regarding human resources.
The material is explained in a fun and easy to understand way. Thank you!
Really complete, easy to understand and with lots of real life examples!!
It helped me prepare for this challenging task. I am the Managing Leader.
I love this course. If you are interested in HRM, this course is for you.
A great course for freshers as well as for the experienced professionals.
I love this course. I like how I can manage my schoolwork around my time!
This course is very nice as it teach people how to manage their resources
Really helpful and well-structured. The Professor was very communicative!
A very useful course for giving the insight to manage the human resource
Very well explained and structured . I am now moving on  to next course.
Great content by the Professor, amazing quality of content and delivery.
Great start and foundation of HRM. Looking forward to the other courses.
It was very amazing course it helps me a lot in future  thank u cousera
It was very helpful and enriched with the information on HR management.
I loved the simplicity of language and practical example!Thanks so much
Amazing and challenging. Want to learn more and explore the world of HR
Well explained.  and I can say I'm truly preparing to be an HR manager.
The instructor is great at keeping things engaging and fun.  Great job!
The best so far with a lot of lessons to put into practical experiences
Very good content.I have earned a lot of information from this course.
Very well organised course. The teacher explains everything very well.
Clear and well organized structure. It was a good introductory course.
Excellent Course I learned a lot of good things to use at my workplace
Lot of well framed lesson has been learned during this course , thanks
nice course, really helps you to understand the depth of the subject .
Its very good course and I learn more about the HR planing and process
Great help through coursera and professor John thank you so much sir .
Good and very interesting to know about managing people and labor laws
This is a best platform to learn about anything from video lectures .
Very well explained. Found it comfortable to understand the concepts.
Great Course i wish it had a little bit more on laws and regulations.
i learnt a lot from this course . THANKU so much for this opportunity
Excellent starter lessons. Great background for a strong HR candidate
Amazing course and amazing profthank you for the learning opportunity
It's amazing how the course work is created to understand them easily
Extensive knowledge, a lot of material, very academic but great base.
Good to learn few important things on  how to manage human resources.
really its very helpful for me and helped me in my College thanks you
Learned a lot from this course. Lessons were very clear and helpful.
Its very useful course for fresher and working professionals. Thanks
It's very usefull session for everyonce...so will try to next course
The teaching method was very good. It was helps to understand easily
Recommended course  for everyone who wants to start a career in   HR
It's an amazing course. Loved it and recommend everyone to take it.
very clear and was able to understand everything about the concept.
Extremely informational and enjoyable. I learned some great things.
Very helpful course in understanding the basics of Human Resources.
that was very interesting course with a huge information , thanks !
It really helped me a lot as a starting point for the career of HR
The professor is great, and the course has plenty of information.
This a very good Course series to become a HR Manager. great work
It was amazing doing the course.. I learned alot from this course
Great course! The professor's way to teach is clear and detailed!
Really enjoyed the course. It provided a good back ground for HR.
i think , it's one of the best course in coursera. Thank you all
It was one of the best opportunities and experiences that I had!
A very insightfull course, if you want to work in the HRM field.
Great teacher, great videos, great assignments! Thank you, John!
very good , combines acamdemic Learning With practical examples.
I really loved the course, it doesn't feel like your in a class.
Great course and great material to get started as an HR Manager.
The course is really great and useful for real-life environment.
A greater 'appetizer' course to create the managerial foundation
inspired and fascinated by teaching styles of Prof JOHN W BUDD.
This course is really amazing.....I loved it! It's very useful.
covers a very good knowledge to enter the human resourses feild
Right now i am feeling good to have this course . Thank to you.
Very good..I learn many new and good things about HR Practices.
A knowledgeable and helpful course to start in Human Resources.
Thanks for providing such opportunity to me to learn about HRM
Thanks to Coursera, I'm now prepared to Manage Human Resources
Lots of humor and very interesting and informative. Thank you!
Superb learning sessions, highly satisfied with the learning.
Very recommended for people who are starting their HR career!
This is a high quality HR course I'm so happy of this course.
Thought the course was very informative. I really enjoyed it.
Great Course. The instructor is also very good and efficient.
Excellent!!!Time spent doing the course was totally worth it.
This is an in-depth course to begin People Managerial journey
The course was very informative, I enjoyed myself thoroughly.
Very important information.  A good base for our study of HR.
This is really useful course. You can learned a lot of things
I wish It will be the best one in HR field course on Coursea.
It was very help full and can learn more about HR management
Excellent course.. If u are a beginner in HR go for it..❤️❤️
It is very useful corse to understand the foundation of HRM.
It is an amazing course, I have learned lots of things here.
Really great course. I loved taking this course on Coursera.
Outstanding course materials and a knowledgeable professor.
I'm so happy, was great.  Thank you Professor John W. Budd.
This course was very awesome. I have learn many new things.
Gives you a lot of insight to the basic fundamentals of HRM
Wonderful course. learned a lot. Thank u so much Professor.
This was so much more interesting than I expected it to be.
Great course with lots of information for a newbie like me.
It was great learning experience I got know so many things
it is a great experience for me to enroll for this course.
It's was very useful for us..Thank you for the opportunity
This course was excellent i got to learn a lot. Thanks Sir
it was a good starting in certificating in human resources
this course help me to understand human resources in depth
Knowledgeable professors and great material and resources.
Have learned a lot in this course, Thanks to CourseraGood.
Great to lean under the Guidance of Professor John W Budd
It has been a great learning process. Really interactive.
A Great Course! A must-do course for all people managers.
Very good course, well structured and awesome instructor.
Very good course that truly prepares you to the HR Field.
This course has been very informative and well presented
this course was not easy but very Good course. i like it
It was an amazing course taught by an amazing professor.
very useful contents with examples and reading materials
Excellent introductory course to learn how to manage HR.
This course is veary useful for me and other HR manager!
Great course. Introductory, entertaining and insightful.
Loved the fun academic tone and conciseness of material.
The course was amazing. I have learned a lot. Thank you!
an interesting course ever on Human Resource Management!
The course was informative and the instructor was great.
People join organizations, but they quit their managers!
It has given me a great view of what an HR is. Loved it.
Very Interesting and exciting to learn more strategies..
Really liked this course really useful and interesting.
Very useful course. Mainly to know about HR approaches.
This course was a great help to me. Thanks to Coursera.
Wonderful knowledgeable session learnt allots about HRM
I had some great time with this course. Happy Learning.
My details are verified please send me the certificate
it is good course for HR strategies in an organisation
Very useful course, that gives you the hr fundamentals
Perfect course from the side of content and instructor
Simply a wonderful course, you should take this course
Great course. The content are very rich & insightful.
Very interesting course with details on HR practices.
WOW, first time I ever did anything online like this.
I loved this course. It was a bit lengthy, but very i
Very informative and intense. I would  recommend this
Very informative course with knowledgeable lecturers
I have learned a lot of information from this course
It's good course. I've learn a lot from this course!
Awesome teaching... Thank you professor John Budd...
awesome & informative.  Loved loved loved Prof Budd!
Excellent course, clear, objective and very dynamic.
Great experience, I've learned so much.. Thankyou!!
A Interesting and Interactive course for HR Basics.
it was super good I don't regret taking this course
The course open mind to manage the human resources.
It's was a very informative and interesting course!
The content of this course is deep and interesting
Really thank you very much. I have benefited a lot
Amazing, enlightening and very easy to understand.
Very educating and also provides leadership skills
Very explanatory, I'm low-key a HR Manager now lol
Highly recommended, I have been mentally uplifted.
Amazing course for people pursuing Human Resources
Good base course for HR and helpful for beginners.
THIS COURSE IS REALLY GOOD AND THE TUTOR WAS GREAT
This is my fist course with Coursera ***** 5 stars
The course is easy, simple and very well explained
great course,so happy to have been a part of this.
Very informative. I learned a LOT in this course.
Great foundational course for HR capstone project
Learnt so much from this! Kudos to the professor!
Really nice course which covers all the key areas
Thanks for everything I've learned in this course
Very good lecturer, clear presentation and notes.
PMHR is very important for employees to manage HR
i really enjoyed the course and learnt a lot too.
Extremely informative and very well constructed!
A great course for beginners for the HR learners
well detailed, organized and good lecture videos
Makes it very easy to stop take notes and learn!
Thank's Mr. John W. Budd, Professor and Director
I learned lot of topic regarding HR. Excellent.
Very Informative and complete A to Z knowledge.
PROF BUDD IS AMAZING! THANK YOU FOR THE COURSE!
it is a very good course.i got my certificate .
I think this course helpful in our carrier life
This course is very interesting and innovative.
Good introduction and new aspects of HR covered
Absouletly helpful. I glad every moment of it.
so detailed course , love the way of teaching.
Great Course with great and useful information
Good course and good assignments to work with.
I liked the course and learnt a lot out of it.
Very Elaborate Course. Touches all the aspects
Great learning..looking forward to more course
Great course by a legendary HR expert - thanks
Very Informational and I appreciate the humor.
this course is really interesting and useful !
Very Useful Course and the faculty was awesome
This is a very great course so much to learn.
Great course, very interesting and practical!
Excellent and well worth the time and effort.
I learned a lot, Great course by John W. Budd
Great Introduction Course for non HR Managers
Very clear, complete and on point. Thank you!
Great content, informational, well presented.
nice and easy to learn with diverse knowledge
loved it had a lot of fun learning thank you
I loved the course, looking forward to more.
excellent course I interested in this course
Thank u  for providing an wonder full cpurse
This course was very informative. Thank you.
it's really a great course I have ever done.
The best modules available for HR beginners.
great learning, a must do for HR enthusiasts
This course gives me more insights about HRM
was very helpful and will delivered content.
Excellent course which was well delivered!!
It was a pleasure to be a part of this team
Learnt a lot. Greatly deigned and executed.
Well structured course . Very interesting !
Awesome Course for beginners !!! Thanks !!!
Awesome course. Must do for any HR aspirant
course had many information must do for HR
Excellent material and diverse viewpoints.
It was the best course I ever experienced
This course is very helpful for my career
Excellent , very useful training modules.
wonderful course with detailed informaton
Great introduction, and very informative!
Good course.. able to learn a lot. Thanks
Really great overview and well explained
Very helpful course for starter like me!
A very informative course helped me alot
Videos are very interesting and engaging
Thank your for unprecedented experience!
I really enjoyed this foundation course.
Excellent course. Learned a lot from it.
Informative, interactive and exceptional
Great Material and excited to continue!
really helped me learning new HR skills
great intro to managing human resources
Very helpful to start your career in HR
Very educational and useful.Thank you!
I liked it, little bland but necessary
This was informative and entertaining.
It was wonderful and insightful Course
Excellent course for improving skills.
It's a awesome for learning and action
This is a good and informative course.
nice and effective in the life career
Very very interesting and informative
Advanced course. I benefited so much.
Great course, and awesome instructor.
Good HR course find many good things.
Very helpfull, clear and satisfactory
i learned a lot of things , thank you
Good course and give good knowledges!
its outstanding university i ever see
Great Course with Mighty professor :)
I have learnt alot from this course.
Great to learn and Acquire Wisdom...
Great instructor and great material!
A very practical and helpful course.
A very good learning oriented course
Excellent couching & lovely teacher!
I loved it. Very helpful and useful.
i am very happy thank you very much
Informative, clear and very useful.
It was quite a learning experience!
Great thank you soooo much Coursera
Very user friendly and interactive.
Great lecture with a great attitude
Loved it, thank you! Learned a lot!
Very informative and understandable
The way to learn about how to manag
This course was great! I am looking
It was really useful! Thanks a lot!
Awesome experience, learned a lot.
Very good really helpful thank you
It s a great experience, thank you
Great course and great professors!
excellent course for a HR beginner
I enjoyed every bit of the course.
Peer assignments were very useful!
really enjoy this excellent course
Useful inputs for HR Practitioners
It is so interesting and educative
Basis in Human Resource management
This Course was GREAT! Thank you!
Great course for learners like me
Insightful and interesting course
Great introductory course for HR.
i learn more experience.Thank you
fruitful and productive learning.
Great Course I Have Learned a lot
I enjoyed this course! Thank you!
A very solid foundational course.
Great Course! Very informational!
Very structured and nice course.
Nice course.I like this course .
very well presented and thought.
Very good and useful. Good luck)
It is a very informative course.
Very useful to me gain knowledge
the overall experience was good.
Top notch class, very motivated!
Great knowledge acquiring course
Thank you so much for the course
Great course!! Enjoyed it a lot.
Thank You , It is very helpful .
Thanks a lot Professor John Budd
the course was was very helpful
amazing experience of learning!
Excellent to learn more things.
Good information is very clear.
Im learning so much! Thank you!
Very nice course to begin with.
Very insightful and useful hint
I FEEL AT HOME WITH THIS COURSE
It is very useful and practical
Interesting course, I like it!
It was worth it very educating
I learned good things about hr
Gain a good knowledge about Hr
In simple way of approaching t
Great introduction information
IT IS SO NICE, SO INFORMATIVE
Excellent and well taught....
Thank you! It's Great course!
great and wonderful experince
Some experience for hr person
excellent teacher. Thank you.
This is very usefull.try this
Truly helpful for new manager
Great specialization program.
Amazing experience. Loved It.
It is very beneficial course
It was good beginners course
good course! learned so much
This was a great interactive
excellent and I learnt a lot
Course is very much helpful.
Really great, useful course!
Just Excellent , Thank you .
Overall the course was good.
Very good & thanks very much
Very good course! I love it!
This course is interesting!
I love that teaching style.
Excellent & Looking Forward
Great learning experience !
This is great online course
Best course to be a good HR
Great Learning Opportunity!
helpful and convenient more
Great course great lecturer
what an insightful  course
They were short and direct
Helpful course for career.
i really like this course.
clear and detailed course!
Good insight on hr schemes
inforamtive course overall
Amazing, well put together
Thanks for all knowledges!
perfect course and trainer
Great Lecturer and Content
i loved taking this course
It was awesome! THANK YOU!
Perfect. Very educational.
amazing course!! Thank you
A good learning experience
I am agree to rate it ...
very interesting to learn
In-depth and insightful !
Thanks to the instructors
It's a wonderful course.
It was Great Experience.
Nice course for learning
Thankful. Useful indeed.
i had fun in this course
I learned to think a lot
How to manage the people
perfect! thanks so much!
HRM is a five gold star!
It's a wonderfull course
Perfect! Simply Perfect!
great basic course in HR
Good Course, learn a lot
very complete and clear
I feel really lucky ...
It is an awesome course
Enjoyed the journey....
very useful , thank you
It is really educating.
Received good knowledge
my choice is clear here
great course I loved it
An informative course.
A great insight on HRM
Creative and Engaging!
Content and the method
have fun while learing
I enjoyed learning HRM
Having revision on HRM
it was so benefit ,Thx
great and informative
very well articulated
Good course go ahead.
Thank you so much!!!!
This course was a joy
It was fun to learn.
Very good course..!!
Thank you so much 🥺
It is very helpfull.
More Informative one
This is Very helpful
it's great thank you
wonderful course!!!
TOO GOOD EXPERIENCE
This is good study!
Loved the exposure!
absolutely worth it
Thanks for training
very good Thank you
Its a great course!
The best HR course
Nice for learnings
Thank you Mr. jhon
Wwonderful course.
GoodIntroduction!!
Great teacher!!!!!
Very in formative.
I really enjoyed!
compact and clear
I like tis course
Amazing course !!
Exceptional work.
Loved the Course.
great information
worth to take it
Was very useful.
Wonderful class.
Very good start
He is the best!
Great teaching!
it was amazing
Very beautiful
Good to learn!
Great course.
True knowldge
SUPER COURSE
GoodThe best
Educational
Great,
