I did all four courses - the whole specialization. Each course in itself was aright and I learned new things. However, the course certificate is meaningless. It neither states the content nor the effort (for example the hours). Instead, it even says "non-credit course". This is despite the fact that the course equates "35 PDU's" and "counts towards the UCI Project Management Certificate Programm"; as it was described in the FAQ. I feel betrayed. How can I apply with such a meaningless peace of paper anywhere?
Unforyunately all the information is rather basic, most of the knowledge provided is intuitively understandable. Didn't learn anything new. Probably the problem is that it really is super basic and may be useful for somebody who is doing 1-2 year of Bachelor's.
WOW, I like this course and the way videos, lectures and power-points are organized. And am looking forward to enroll next course of this specialization. THAKS
Instructor is not clear and too fast!
Too easy to pass through...
I think there is a major thing that wasn't planned good. There has never been an available option of downloading the lessons of the Introduction to Project Management in a PowePoint/PDF document.Printing these lessons page by page takes a lot of time and moreover is a terrible waste of paper and trees!!! Even if I would like to save it in a electronic version I would have to save it page by page, for which I don't have time! This is ridiculous, sorrySincerely, Anna Wolska, MSc, PhD
The course is quite shallow and I feel like this course is just intended to sell the reference book ...
Very little interactive content what is presented is kind of boiler plate..
did not pertain to the work i do currently
The context is not strong
too basic !!
It has not enough content, you can just read the chapters 5 to 7 of PMBOK, and its the textbook that you'll use in this course.
The course itself is good. However the lesson does not always make it clear what the topic for the week is. There is a lot of external reading that is recommend, which means buying additional books.  I also miss real life learning. Having a case study to apply the learning to would be very helpful. Instead the course asks you to "think of a project you have done" and apply what you learned to that. The flash lessons are very helpful.
It's quite good. Ups - very detailed and teaches a lot of valuable things regarding the projects.Downs - everything goes by the PMBOK and the other book. More real life examples from the lecturer would be beneficial. Lectures are good, but in the end, not that detailed as most of the info is from the presentation.
Too much unclear, indirect language. Definitions are not concise. The entire course needs to be re-written in the active-tense and proof-read by a party not versed in project management in order to ensure that buzzwords, jargon and institutional slang are edited out.
Content is good. But more is there in Presentation that we have to self read. It would be better if somebody explains in video. Because reading we can do our-self and lots of content are available freely. But we spend money so that somebody teaches us those things.
Most of the material was straight out of the PMBOK. It would have been cheaper to just purchase the PMBOK. Additionally, a lot of the important material was contained in a Flash website, and is not available as a PDF for future reference and accessibility.
Too much theory, it is not good to learn so many terms without context and examples.. But still, it shows me how complex project management can be. It is actually more important to apply the knowledge in a practical way.
the course is great but we need to know the the answers for the wrong questions if we passed the test because I keep trying to solve the whole quiz one more time and keep getting wrong question after submitting !
It uses PMBOK 2013 as the basics for the course (please, update the contents !). It has more power point presentations than videos from experts in the area. The lecturer is good at sharing knowledge.
The quality of the instructor videos is poor and they are difficult to comprehend at times because the instructor is reading directly from a script rather than actually teaching the material.
Some of the videos are helpful but a lot of the information is just copied from the PMBOK and could use more explanation.
This a well paced class which does a good job of breaking down the fundamentals of project management cost accounting.
I think the Course touches the basis of Budgeting and scheduling but feels light on the information.
More videos/ audio sessions instead of slides would have been better for understanding the concepts.
I don't really like the format. I want lectures from the instructor, not animation and slides.
Much lighter than the introduction, leaves you wanting more... Maybe that's the plan?
It is better to merge the content of all 3 courses in one... very less content
The readings were marked for 10 mins but it exceeded more than that
The contents are very good to refresh my knowledge on the topics.
Wish they gave more clear information on the calcuations.
I would have liked better tools to do this type of work.
great as a beginners course
Good Work
It is a course that integrates basic concepts in project management
Wonderful course. It was very well written with all major topics covered. Bonus video and Panelists Interview were also very helpful. However I would like to mention a small mistake in the week 4th's lesson, slide no. 3.23 has a network diagram, which has last activity written A instead of I. It changes the calculation for complete forward and backward pass. Also, Margaret explained the network forward and backward pass with the value of first day as 1. However in the lesson it was taken as 0, which again changes the formulas she described in the video. It's not difficult to understand the difference but it somehow breaks the harmony.
This course was slightly more difficult than the previous course in the specialization, which is expected, yet very informative and builds upon previous knowledge. The introduction of duration calculation was very interesting and actually fun. The budget estimation felt a bit rushed. But overall the course was very helpful and great introduction to the project management world since I can recognize and understand many of it's vocabulary and terminologies.
As I mentioned earlier, there is a lack of translation of this course. All text materials, of which there are many, do not have the ability to translate and even the ability to copy for translators. The course is good, but the material is very difficult to perceive, because it is presented in large parts, it would be more convenient and clearer to break all large videos and text materials into separate parts on separate subtopics.
This course if very helpful in learning the proper way of budgeting and scheduling projects. The discussions are precise and gives you a better understanding about the topic without dullness. The case studies and exercises really help to test the knowledge you gain from the lectures and readings. Would recommend this course especially to engineering students and professionals who would like to improve on the topic areas.
I really enjoyed this course and took my time to do the practical exercises which helped solidify the learning.  In my opinion, the lessons are long and wordy and I would recommend breaking them into smaller units to make them easier to learn.  Also, I think some important concepts were touched lightly and could have been done better by including scenarios or even some practical exercises.
After completing this course you'll have a good idea on how professional PMs schedule and budget complex projects. It will also teach you some valuable techniques that can be applied to projects you may be handling in your own work. I was unfortunately not impressed by the fact that the final exam was quite simple, simply borrowing questions already asked during the lesson quizzes.
Introduces helpful methods when it comes to estimating the duration of the project. The case study videos are fun to watch. The slides/lesson from the PMI are a little bit dry and formal, especially those depicting the different processes with their inputs and outputs. As in the preceeding course, I wish everything was a little bit more 'hands on'.
This course is very important as no project can exist without spending  and each project has programs which move on with time. Therefore this course is important for the projects to be successful.it can be rated to 95%.Great thanks to the instructor and Coursera directors for giving me this opportunity of pursuing a certificate in this course.
It was a great course! Two areas that in my opinion need consideration, are, one, I believe videos take less time than reading materials and people learn better from videos.  Two, I did not understand why there was a lesson on project quality management while the course was about budgeting and scheduling.
Helpful course to get a good understanding of budgeting and scheduling projects. Obviously, nothing trumps experience, however this course supported me in how to think about the budgeting and scheduling aspect of a project, and what are the key terms and ideas to keep in mind during that process.
Succinctly put course material. Lays down the key aspects and hammers them home. I wish the video lectures were more in sync with the reading material, though, especially the part where estimation of activity is explained. The plus one and minus one had me in knots; unnecessarily complicated.
This course is a good starting point for people who have never handled bigger project from start to finish. But, for managers and others who had the experience of handling complex projects might find it less interesting because the course didn't cover many real world examples in detail
As I become more familiar with the subject matter the more I'm enjoying the modules. I would like to suggest some more interactive content to help with different learning styles. Otherwise very informative and I like the presenter and the panellist discussion at the end is good.
While I found this to be a helpful course, some of the most helpful 'walk throughs' were imbedded in bonus videos. Would like to have been able to easily access slides in a pdf format since there was so much info on each. There were less lectures and more slides than expected.
A little more complex, good for someone who has already seen a company go through the budgeting and scheduling processwould like to see more information on the videos since I feel like there were points missing that you had to read through and guess instead what was important.
At first I thought the subject would be technical and boring, but gladly the wealth of clear knowledge, 
 the valuable insights, and the sharing of good practices and life experiences made it both 
enjoyable and highly informative.
Need to make it more technical with resources & Problems pertaining to Critical Path. This is a very basic primer - detailed problem sets with a higher complexity of scheduling add significantly to learning !
Course is quite detailed and insightful. Personally, i would have appreciated a detailed peer-peer reviewed assignment at the end of the course. Other than that, it was an amazing learning experience.
I really enjoyed taking this course to learn and understand budgeting and scheduling projects.  The course materials and case studies allowed me the opportunity to apply my learning to real life.
A good overview for budgeting and scheduling projects. The course focuses on the basics, but also does a good job of introducing more advanced methods for both financial and schedule management.
Tough course but a great amount of information. I already knew some general project management things and implemented them. Knowing more and of the PMBOK will definitely help in the future.
nicely planned, good use of real-life experiences. The lectures should be broader and made of several short duration videos. Too much reading content.Overall very helpful.
This course got me started in a nice way to understand the Budjeting and scheduling. Although it does not cover all matters, but now I am much interested to learn more.
It's better than the first course of this specialization. but as i mentioned in the survey, i think lesson 2 that includes 3 huge parts of PMBOK is not a great thing.
I liked the course, I find it really usefull. Although, I would like to have more reading material, as PDFs or articles of the subjects (material that I could save).
Very helpful module for beginners. Would be good to add a more practical and updated example for example using Microsoft Project Management. Thanks fro the learning!
This course is great knowledge for Budgeting and Scheduling Projects, and what I like most about its contents is networking diagram which is fantastic explanation.
I wish I could see actual budgeting process.  Will be very useful to see how to get the gross, net gross, and average revenue of the projects in different areas...
Margaret Pelloni is an outstanding professor and has a very good material. It would be better to have some kind of project to build and be evaluated by peers.
It was a bit difficult for me. Theory was a breeze but the mathematical aspect was a little hard, but I'll grasp it with a little more practice I guess. :)
I would recommend to add video sample of creating for example construction project from the scratch, to show connections, critical paths, predecessors etc.
I like this coruse and I hope to allow downloading the lessons as "PDF" for the students to get more benefits and to save these lessons as References
The subject gets appropriately harder in this part of the specialization, but the problems with certain parts seeming to have been rushed persists.
Thank you everyone on this course. The course is good. It should very good with more examples of phased oriented WBS and deliverable oriented WBS.
I quite like the course, except that I find its a shame that we can not download the flash presentations to keep them for future references.
Full of interesting consideraciones you are not aware when you are the one who participantes in executing a project but not playing for it.
This course wasinteresting amd quiet technical and the instructor was explicit is breaking it down to anyone's understanding. good course
The course has been of great help to me and I love how broken down the concepts in smaller parts that are easy to understand and learn.
I think this was really concise and packed with great information, but there was less of a focus on budgeting than I would have liked.
its a nice way to learn, for Indian students.i have difficulty during the interview session some of the words meaning i didn't got .
Well organized and straightforward. Would like to see more interactive activities for planning the schedules and network diagrams.
since i started the course i have seen and learned so many techniques and standards that i can implement at my place of work
This course is beneficial to my personal life and business career. Course lessons are explained well and easily understood.
Nice quick overview of Budgeting and Scheduling. Handy to read the two optional readings as well to gain more perspective.
Very good information and good to see current highly praised project managers being interviewed and giving their opinions.
Its a nice course, pefect for those who want to improve their scheduling. Here budgeting is not the strong part.
the final quiz should be more difficult, or questions reworded to help internalize information in a deeper way.
It's a good course, give me skills like resources identification, Project scheduling, Project cost estimating.
The Course was organised in a simplified manner that helped me to understand how to schedule a piece of work
this second phase (course) reallyt helps my learning about how to become a project manager in simple way!
A great course. Has increased my knowledge tremendously.I will willingly recommend it to others.
The course is very interesting and I have got a deep understanding of Budgeting and Scheduling
Good course for basic and mid level project management professional having practical exposure.
This is really helpful and reinforces what I have studied previously in my advance Diploma.
Excellent content, well explained. The flash lessons could be slightly better structured.
I  have got my PMP credential but I still need more learning to help me to do my work.
Good course with practical situations.  Just need a scenario for practicing the skills
Would like some reading materials and simulation for critical path to be practiced.
Amazing to understand the basics. Looking forward to the next part of the series.
Its a good course to start with for learning basics of scheduling and budgeting
It is excellent course... Its content/material and explanation are excellent.
Too easy. Making it harder and more realistic would have been better for me.
A unique explanation for a lot of points time and budget for the projects .
it's too overview with not enough details, as for me. But is usefull at all
it's ok. Thank you for your useful information that i have learnt recently
Great course! Would've been better if the lessons contained more examples.
Would have given it a 5 star if final exam questions were non repetitive
I learned quite enough to carry those aspects of Project at basic level.
Glad to learn and develop skills and knowledge from this course.
Well the course must be more enriched with real life assessments
some concepts are vague and needs more explanations and samples
good structure, but minor deviations between lecture and lesson
Overall good course. But more practical examples are required.
Good substantive knowledge, the delivery was somewhat lacking.
very helpful and practical course，lecturer is very interesting
course is good , it will be good if you add more case studies
It's brief but it could help you for reviewing some concepts.
It is very good, but a little short on detailed information.
excellent course,good teaching materials and great lectures
Very good introduction for persons interested in learning m
Good overview of how to schedule and estimate the project
I feel I have a good overview/introduction to the topic.
I learned a lot! This was great, highly recommend it.
Learned the things which are use full for my career.
I would like to see more study cases in this course.
No regrets on taking this course, been worth while!
It's a little difficult to grasp certain concepts.
knowledge about budgeting and scheduling projects
Great for amateur yet ambitious project managers
flash needed otherwise would have been 5 stars
I t was great, but I think need more practice
very informative and practical with examples.
all is good. some exercises are not working.
Very good trainin to get to know the topic.
generally good, but need more case studies
Crisp and quick delivery of the concepts.
Concise, complete and right to the point
lessons should be available to download.
easy to understand and good explanation.
Nice course, Clears basic Concepts....
Sincere thanks, It was really helpful
The sequence of the material is good.
Nice course and interactive sessions
it needs more practical excersises
informative course, brief, simple
great course very informational
Great but not enough exercises
Overall good experience.
Course with many details
This was very insightful
Good, practical advice.
very benefical course
Very good session.
very very helpful
Amazing Lecturer.
Very Helpful!!!
I enjoyed this course, the mix of the video presentations and the powerpoints are well done. The instructor does an excellent job. the 'bonus videos' and 'panelist interviews' are very good as well.
Great material and well organized for the busy professional. I enjoy the interviews too. Thanks!
Excellect knowledge-based study
Doing this course 'Budgeting and Scheduling projects' gives learners, a practical approach to Project management based on PMBOK methodology. Prof Margaret Meloni is a great teacher. Students will enjoy her crisp and clear communication of ideas. Slides are  well designed. Video quality and sound quality is also great. You will encounter lots of good quality reading materials. Quizzes will help you to test your knowledge as you progress. Overall, an excellent course fit for project managers and project team members who work for construction projects. Also good for the aspiring project managers. Thanks to Prof Margaret and UC Irvine for the great course.
An excellent formation of the core topics indeed! I found it very informative & concise in terms of mastering the basics of Budgeting, Cost Estimations & scheduling; a panel interview led me to capture the hands-on approach from industry experts. Thank you Team!
Great course going into important details on cost and budgeting.  I really like the video portion which gives real-world examples that help reinforce and bring the concepts to an everyday audience.
It was very helpful to see estimation budgeting and scheduling processes.
Tim required is mre
As in the other UCI Extension courses, this one have a good structure and a complete set of information that makes its simple to understand the basics of Schedule and Estimating in project management.
time, money, and labor that are need to organize such a project are the main materials. we can learn how to use these materials in specific and efficient way.
The topics were broken down and simplified for better understanding. The case study scenarios were also apt, though 1 more for each model will be useful
Attention: Margaret MaloneyHelloMy name is Sajid Mirza and I am taking the course on project
management. I am really enjoying the course and it has been really a good
experience. During the course I have noticed a typo error which if my
understanding is correct, may please be modified. Details are as below: Introduction to Project Management, Lesson3 (Budget and
scheduling week4, lesson 4.2), during the lesson at CPM:  Duration and forward pass, section 3.23 the
figure shows “EF” of activity “b” as 4 same as “LF’ of activity “a”, However,
in the bonus video and in the PMBOK at page 176-177, it requires to add 1 in
the EF of the successive activity. May please correct if my understanding is
right.  Thanks and RegardsSajid Mirza
Great class with a great teacher. She explains the material using layman terms in a concise manner. What I also like about her is that she feels passionately about the importance of the work of a Project Manager and it shines through is very contagious. I highly recommend this class along with the previous one in this series. I'll post another review regarding the next two classes as I haven't taken them yet, but I am very optimistic that they are as high of a quality as the first two.
Learned a lot about Project Management, this course is aligned to all professional whether on different function of an organization. Margareth Meloni and the Panels are great - learned a lot from them. I also love the Reading Lesson on Project Time Management book, and I enjoyed each Case Study. I recommend this course to any individual as at some point or another, whether small or big, you may handle and lead a Project professionally or may even be personal ones. Thumbs up!
It was very good course. I learned lot of important information very briefly through this course. Video content and as well as documents are very well prepared. They are very attractive and make me interested to read. Further discussion which were in every week after the quiz and final interview gave me good knowledge about the practical scenarios from the expertise in the field.
In my opinion this is a very recommendable course. It's worth all the time one spend with it. The explanations are very good an also understandable for non-native english speakers.One gets ideas how to avoid pitfalls and, why some steps that are requested by the bosses at the very first moment ("how much, how long") must not be answered before other steps (mainly WBS) is done.
The course was very comprehensive and applicable. It was very easy to understand and the speaker is very engaging regardless of the recorded video format. The knowledge shared was especially valuable regarding the minimal amount of information discussing how to run an actual project. Now I have some idea how to effectively run a project based on the PMBOK.
An excellent course with professional tutors. The course gives an insight into the Budgeting and Scheduling projects. It covers most of the basic topics in an excellent, elaborate and understandable manner. The panelist interviews covered are a gold mine as you listen to the experienced people from the project management field sharing their views.
Participating in this course has been an illuminating experience. I have gained solid theoretical background and practical application scenarios on project cost management and project schedule management. The role of strategic quality management was also emphasized and driven home. I look forward to the third course in this series. Tank you UCI.
This course is definitely worth taking as it is very detailed and all the reading materials are high-yield and highly supplemented with explanations in the videos. It did not just focus on how to budget financially but also budgeting time and resources in order to not compromise the quality of the project and the product.
Excellent course.  The videos by Professor Meloni are greatly supported by follow on presentations and quizes.  Great information backed up by the interviews of professionals from the field ad to the learning enviroment.  I have already become an advocate for Coursera and reccomended to many of my coleagues.
All information is presented in an accessible form. You will have to read a little and understand the charts in this course, but there are enough detailed instructions and explanations on the examples at the end of the week. So you can figure it out. Perhaps this will have to review several times videos.
First of all, many thanks to creator/instructor Mrs. Margaret Meloni who teached and shared a lot knowledge from fundamentals to advances of Resource, Budget and Schedule planning as well as management skill sets. There was a lot attractive case studies, well-organized lessons helped me to learn fast.
The course highlights the key aspects of cost, time, schedule management. The course gives a good clarity of PMBOK 6th edition lessons. Miss. Margaret has done an amazing job of explaining the key terms very easily. The bonus lectures are worth watching and the case studies too.
The way you have paved the knowledge so systematically, it is laudable. An average student such as me- could easily grasp the spirit of How the Budgeting and Scheduling is done. Surely the panel discussion gave lots of insights in addition to the teaching by Ms. Meloni.
The "Budgeting and Scheduling Projects" course was very useful, with lots of hands-on examples and valuable real life experience based expert tips. I also enjoyed the level of interactivity and small tasks within the course slides and the case study videos.
enjoyed the lectures, presented in relaxed atmosphere, with easy step-by-step to understand, practice, and built project activities scheduling and assessment. I recommend even to non-Program managers, good to understand how pieces of the puzzle fit in.
Thanks to this cours, you will act more confidently in your business, you will use professionnal tools and knowledge. So you will bring security. This tool will change your life because you will do it your way but in a manner understood and shared.
The panelists interviews at the last week of the course is simply amazing.I love how this course not only teaches the theory, but also the practical part of the job and the daily problems that (beginner) project managers might encounter.
thank you so much for this course, i am sure i understand about budgeting and scheduling projects. its also has such a point that you can highlight for your knowledge. dont forget to watch the video from the lecture, it was so helpful
little confusing on week 4, not about the math, the math is super simple but whether I should use ES equal 0 or 1. Margaret says 1 but slides says 2. Apart from that, great course. Much more interesting than the first one.
It was very good , informative and covers all the essential information on estimating project budget, considering cost factors and techniques to  manage the schedule well which is eventually tied up tot he cost
This course has actually reinforced all the concepts I had studied previously in such a way that I won't forget again. I would highly recommend this course to all those who have interest in project management.
Excellent knowledge! I've always got in trouble with scheduling and budgeting. What a night it has always been in my project. Now with this Technics, I will be merciless with no guessing at all! Thank you!
Very interesting and insightful course, with practical information on projects scheduling. The instructor is increadibly engaging and cheerful making even the most hard things easy to understand.
Excellent practical advice given in the tutorials and videos that will help you avoid some of the common pitfalls of project management and make you look a true project management professional.
This course has really helped me in understanding my work better from a project's perspective. It has also highlighted the pitfalls in project's planning and executions we face everyday.
AMAZING EXPERIENCE TO LEARNING WITH COURSERA. THIS IS ONE OF BEST ONLINE STUDY SITE IN WORLD. THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR GIVING ME THIS TYPE OPPORTUNITY TO LEARNING COURSES. KEEP IT UP....
Budgeting and Scheduling helps you to attain the budget needed for the project itself. It also helps to monitor you cost versus your timelines in order to minimize the overtime and over
A best-elaborated course and quality group discussion of the panelist in last, A lot of learning inbuilt with this course. Thank you for the quality of information and certificate
I like the Coursera way of teaching.  Course content was right for me and the assessments were of a standard which meant I got the recognition I required to achieve my objectives.
It was a great experience. one thing i has to suggest is to check the answers of the quiz. a question about float. i thing i had marked the correct option.but it shows wrong
Loved the course! Simply excellent professor! I've taken other courses as well but found this the most interesting. Recommend it to anyone interested in Project Management.
For me, a perfect mix of delivery, exercises and quizzes to give me valuable learning experience. I enjoy the combination video / reading format of the material delivery.
Very helpful big picture overview of critical competencies for budgeting and scheduling projects. Immediate application for numerous projects I'm managing or co-managing.
The course was really helpful in understanding the importance of scheduling and estimating costs. The course also gave some good mathematical approaches to map the plan.
Great tools to use in real life! Good depth over the different strategies for budgeting and scheduling projects.  This course reminded me of why I am taking this course!
Great course as the others in the specialization. As mentioned before, the emphasis on having the PMBOK Guide available for the optional readings should be emphasized.
It is a well thought and well understood that really threw more light into all the areas seems so difficult in my earlier  earned master degree in Project management.
Madam was excellent and very much involved. Excellent course design and teaching methodology.I felt that I am studying in the classroom.Thanks to Madam and cousera.
This course is sound.  I found it easy to navigate, full of valuable information and the tests were unambiguous and relevant to the material presented.  Well done.
Great course for the people seeking out to learn about Project Management. Margaret Meloni has done an amazing job. The course content depth was perfect as well.
Amazing course. My fault it took me too long to complete but I totally recommend it to people interested i that subject. The content was so clear and targeted.
This course is very informative.  It provided an overview of the project management structure. I also learned about budgeting processes and useful techniques.
That was definitely grate but that was also a lot more information. I had to sit down and really concentrate to make sure that the information was setting in.
This is an amazing course! Big thanks to Melanie for her great efforts! I really learned a lot from this course, and find it very practical and interesting!
Great course! gives you a great perspective of how to start scheduling and estimate your budget for new projects!I love this course and how it is presented.
Accessibility, quality and clarity of instruction, good graphics, useful discussion from a variety of experts. All reasons for my high rating of this course
Cost Estimation Techniques are explained nicely. The scheduling concepts are simplified as never before. The faculty and the expert teams are mind-blowing.
The topics were broken down and simplified for better understanding. The case study scenarios were also apt, though 1 more for each model will be useful
I liked this course because it contained enough information. information had a complex perception in some places, but i understood everything. thank you
Great course to understand budgeting and scheduling of a project. I especially love the tips on how best to manage stakeholders throughout this process.
This course definitely helps a candidate to gain knowledge and skills bout budget , project cost estimation, and budget management. I love this course.
I really enjoyed the quality of courses offered by Coursera. Simple structure and effective methodology is the key to the success of suggested courses.
It was a pleasure for me to take part in this course. The lessons are quite well structured and the video lectures are great. Thank you for everything!
Good practical lecture and coursework on variables/requirements on accurate budgeting and scheduling.  Offers both good theory and practical examples.
Its a great initiative by coursera in this pandemic condition that  this helps who are looking for imprpvising there technical knowledge and skills.
Great course, good overview. I can take the info that I'm still a bit fuzzy on and dive in deeper. The instructors pace is good, clear and relevant.
Course is really great. It has strong theoretical knowledge, but focused on practical experience. Cases told by teacher and panelists are awesome.
Excellent program design, and it was interesting to understand how to construct the network diagram. Thanks very much Margaret. Thanks Coursera!!!
This course was really packed full of useful practical information and I felt like I got a lot out of it despite years of experience in the field!
Now I can predict and estimate the budgeting for my project and also scheduling the project with some consideration in order to get better result
Course contents were good and easy to understand. A slightly longer video lectures with a bit more elaborate teachings would make it even better.
Great Project Managment principles course.  Some good sample opportunities to flex your knowledge and lots of reinforcement of PMBoK terminology.
The honorable instructor briefly showed in Bonus videos the Forward and backward process which is really excellent. This course really helped me.
Excellent course for beginners, especially if you want to learn more about project management and creating project network plans and budgeting.
The course is really enjoyable to take. I can follow along with the instructor and understand what it is going to take to be a Project Manager.
It is the best course which explains all the relevant details to budgeting and scheduling. . The instructor are explains very well every topic.
the syllabus is clear and sharp. I got what I need most. the videos also made me easy to understand, with added graphic and artificial visual.
Excellent overview of the subject matter and how PMI approaches it.  I believe it helped me tremendously in getting prepared for the PMP exam.
The class was something bigger than expected and I’ve gained so much knowledge about Project Management. Thank you Coursera for this course.
I like the course a lot. I would highly recommend to do the optional readings because show what you learn in the course in much more detail.
It is quite informative course and we learn fundamentals of budgeting and scheduling projects. Thanks to instructor and Coursera as well!!!
Great course for those who just started to study project management and for those who want to improve their performance. Thank you Margret!
This was quite very tough, challenging and mind-engaging. Nonetheless, it was very interesting for me.Thanks to Lecturer Margaret Maloney.
Great videos and information. The terminology wasn't too complicated and everything was easy to understand. The pace of learning is good.
Great course that introduced me to the best practices a Project Management can use as they approach Budgeting and Scheduling of projects.
Sticks to PBBOK material and get's your required education hours for PMP exam without costing thousands.  Materials are presently well.
Excellent journey and fantastic learning during the course completely binding with the lectures and readings full of  knowledge gain.
I am still practicing how to create Critical Path, but i exactly understood how to do that. Thank you for super detailed explanation.
This a great course with an even great instructor. The coursework is very easy to understand the way it is delivered is very good.
I am very pleased with the content of this course and the professionalism of Margaret Meloni on all her explanations. Thank you!
Very detailed course. I recommend this course to those who are practicing project management in their career and personal life.
I loved the course layout how it was developed to ensure that every detail of scheduling and budgeting was covered efficiently.
It's a great course but some of the lecture and reading materials are confusing to me, especially simulating network diagram.
Excellent course. It gives practical approach for estimating budgets and also helps to understand the concepts on scheduling.
I really enjoyed this course and think I got a thorough understanding of the methods of scheduling and budgeting a project.
This coarse is very much interesting and knowledable so if you are planning in project management this will help you a lot
Very short, but condensed course. I like it! It contains a lot of useful, practical information and no "waffling" at all.
Textbook fundamentals on how to manage time, budget and know what to do anything that could and will happen in a project.
This really help me given in depth knowledge about how to create budget and schedule a successful project. Sirajul Haque
The course is very useful, it describes the subject in a clear way and the content is well organised within the lessons
This has been a great experience. I have learnt a lot of essential information concerning budgeting. Thank you so much.
To me "Budgeting and Scheduling Projects" is more value creating and most demanded. I am thankful for the such access.
Budgeting and Scheduling Projects is a very good course for us in beginner for learning about Budgeting and Scheduling
I love this course. I've learned so much from this course that I feel that my career is going to take a turn for the b
Very Satified with the program.It very informative and helps one to acquire the knowledge on Scheduling and Budgeting
Stunning course, pretty useful and practical, I definitely will put in practice all the taught on this great course!
Very encouraging and wisely compact knowledge is this course. High density of skills transfer and ideas per lesson.
Although I knew some of the information, when I see it here it makes so much easier to conceive a project :).Thanks
Awesomeness in an easy to go through course! Pill size but still powerful basics. Thank you Melony, thank you UCI!
What can I say! I have learnt lots of new methods and techniques to use in managing a project. Outstanding course.
Excellent.  Love instructor's walk-through of the diagram.  Helped me to really understand and apply the formula.
Excellent course material and faculty. Thank you for imparting valuable knowledge and expertise in this subject.
Excellent course.  As an accountant I can relate the terms used to my daily work.  It has been very productive.
I really enjoy the pace and conciseness of this course.  The teacher is very easy to follow and understand too.
I really liked this course, also more that the other one because we could enter deeply to tools for management.
I had really enjoyed time to have this course because it was very knowledgeable and professional.Many thanks!!!
i learned  lot of knowledge from this course about my professional degree.i really thanks to Coursea Community
This is very help full course for beginners. It is really worth for the time. i strongly encourage this course
Excellent course, well presented and easy to understand and follow! Very recommended as Introduction into PM!
I thought that this training was well put together!  I look forward to additional training using this method.
Thanks to Margaret Meloni, she has great explanations and instances! It was a delight to follow this course.
The course was really helpful in offering systematic approaches to budget estimation and schedule planning.
All topics are nicely explained with examples especially the Bonus videos are good with real time examples.
It was a nice course. I learned more about budgeting and scheduling for the company and personal business.
Helps understand all basics for estimating the cost of a project, I wish it went into a little more depth.
Very good course with clear and helpful examples and a great interview with experienced project managers.
Excellent, and presented in such a way that keeps you interested and excited to put the tools into play!
I really gain knowledge  how to project should be schedule and what are the resource needs for budgeting
It is very helpful and clear to understand the each and every term relevant to budgeting and scheduling.
Awesome overall experience .... simply superb ... the way explained and articulated ..Crystal and clear
Excellent course that doesn't take too much time out of my busy schedule, but gave me food for thought.
Vital part of the Project Management course, gained wealth of knowledge in this regard. Thank you UCI
Excellent to learn the best practices and avoid pitfalls related to scheduling and budgeting projects
I liked this course. It provided a lot of useful information about cost, time and quality management.
after completion of this course I have truely understood the importance of budgeting and Scheduling.
Excellent course material and great teaching! Could learn the calculation of critical path so well.
I am very happy to be at the end of this course may God bless the lecturer and all the team course.
Very good, very informative, you have to think (understand the lesson) to pass the quiz or the exam
This course has made the entire idea of Project Management much more relate-able to the work place.
I like the course. It’s very structured with enough level of the theory and practical information.
it's good course and have a clean & important  information for  Budgeting and Scheduling Projects
Easy learning and very helpful for an individual who are pursuing a career in project management.
Excellent explanations - esp appreciate the bonus videos and the real-world panelist discussion.
Great course Margaret Malony ,Thank you...Hoe you can provide us how to comprehend PMBOK as well
Great learning experience on Coursera and thanks to all team of Coursera and offcourse  Margeret
Great introductory course on budgeting and scheduling.  Very helpful video tip on critical path.
An excellent course gives quick and to the point knowledge of projects budgeting and scheduling
It was very useful material, it helped me alot to improve my skills in project managementThanks
It takes a score of 100%, not handed me the certificate, I request deliver me to prove my study
Great Course. Practical and valuable methodologies to learn if you are managing a new project.
Always thorough, and I especially find the interview panel with real project managers helpful.
Very useful, for a short period of time it is manageble to embrace a big scope of information
Very excellent course enlightened me very much in terms of budgeting and scheduling projects.
This gives a good learning experience and i recommend this course for future project managers
This course provided valuable knowledge, useful immediately to projects that I am working on.
So many usefull things, right now at my work I'm applying what I have learned in this course.
Really good practical ideas and guidelines to work upon the Project Scheduling and Budgeting.
Excellent course! The lessons are very detailed and the content and practices are the bests!
quite engaging course and lot of good sharing. not forget to mention also great instructor!
Very informative approach, and you will really learn a lot about scheduling and budgeting.
The course was highly practical and enlightening. I gained a lot due to the nice delivery.
I ran this course in parallel to the PMBOK - the toggle between the two was super helpful.
It will enhance the qualities of developing a project schedule and budget in a right way.
This course has enhanced my knowledge when it comes to budgeting and scheduling projects.
Excellent course, I wish it could be possible to provide the pdf files of the lectures.
very effective course. learn a lot of things about scheduling time according to project
Easy way to learn how to budget and schedule projects. Examples and clear explanations.
User Friendly and easy to digest materials, well done course designer/s.Regards...Matt
Great lectures.  Love this course.  This course just reinforces my current knowledge.
I like this course because the teaching style is very nice to me. I enjoyed it much.
Very informative and fundamental course for perfect start in the Project Management!
Very clear and simple lessons, great lecturer, lots of useful tips and case studies.
very exciting, looking forward to advancing, thank you for the knowledge impacted!!
Excellent course. Awesome videos, material and presentations. Thank you very much!
Easy to understanding follow. Lots to take on but very detailed information given.
great class, interesting material that I'd like to have as reference documentation
Really good. I really appreciated the last bonus video with a practical exercise.
So helpful for anyone running projects and applicable to other business uses too.
Great class! presented in very organized and informative way! Highly recommended.
Excellent Course!!  Course content is very clear and understanding ! Thank you!!
This course was excellent! Easy to follow structure, instruction and application
I learned a lot of things in this course and hope to complete the all courses...
Clearly lays out the steps and processes needed to schedule and budget projects.
The Course is very useful, effective and easy to learn. good work by superviser
Great way to learn and the instructors are highly knowledgeable on the subject.
It is great course to identify how can I identify my estimates of time and cost
Excellent course, Panelists real time situations and solutions more interesting
I really learned a lot! Will definitely apply this in my next research project!
Great Course.    Very helpful in learning to understand the budgeting process.
really nice course it helped me to clear my knowledge on critical path method.
Excellent course I just probably would like to see more examples on scheduling
I felt honored to have been able to attend this course. I really learned allot
Quite Informative. I like the way the course content is arranged and delivered
I had the information and the guidelines needed to the management work needed
Very educative. The tutor is very wonderful and very explicit in her methods.
Very good and detailed explanation helped in-depth understanding of the topic
Excellent instructor.  Clear instructions and easy to understand.  Thank you!
Great Course! Never thought it could be so easy to create a project schedule.
Please add some software learning programe. Such as MS Project or Primervera.
Very informative and helpful in understanding Project management principles.
Very helpful for people who are doing lots of activities on their day to day
It is a very important aspect of project management and it was very helpful
You have taken a great effort for us... thanks a lot for the entire team...
It was great learning about budgeting. Got to learn a lot from this course.
I very good way to undestand the complex world of budgeting and scheduling.
It's a really good course to understand the basis about Budget and Schedule
I'm very happy with the complex information taught throughout this course.
The course is really helpful for learning the basics of project management
best when this course is taken while reading the associated PMBOK chapters
Great Course, the Bonus Video Revisiting the Network Diagram is the best.
Thanks UCI for our Education all the courses, i will continue our topics.
I liked the panelist interview a lot. I learned a lot from it. Thank you!
its was a wonderful experience , scope of the course is very well planned
Excellent course on budget management and cost management of a project.
Excellent Course to give you an edge over others when creating budgets.
It is a well designed course and I highly recommend to take this course
Excellent delivery.  Learnt a lot about budgetin and sheduling projects
A well structured syllabus with great examples. A very effective quiz.
Thank you very much for this course! I am very grateful for your help!
Very well laid out, easy to understand even for newbies. Learnt a lot.
Excellent course for the people who want to dive into the world of PM
Great videos, with integrated Excel examples that are well explained.
All is well, but I wish the sound in the videos would be a bit louder
The course contents is delivered in a very easy to understand manner.
The course is really easy to learn and understand. Thank you so much
Very informative and I gained knowledge on budgeting and estimating!
This is a really useful course. Informative to people in all fields.
I especially appreciated the detailed look at the Network diagram!!
Excellent Course!!!Enjoyed learning since the beginning to the end.
It was a very self-sufficient program on budgeting and scheduling.
it was quite difficult for me but I got acknowledgment of budgetin
I really had great time learning this course from great lecturers
Very informative course. Best to learn and leverage your career.
Good theoretical data. Need more practical problem-solving data.
Hello everbody! This course very interesting and very very well.
The course was helpful for further studies in project management
Wonderful course helped me to learn morn insight about budgeting
Helpfull learning content. Meet something that I am looking for
Thank you so much to my instructors for instructing Ana Pelayo.
A very structured coursework and lots to learn in a short time.
Enjoyed and learned a lot.   Wish there were stretch questions
It is extremely helpful  to improve your skills and experience
I received a lot of insight in relations to Project Management
A great, practical course for beginners in project management.
explained in simple language and is very easily understandable
Very interesting module. Practical approaches to the problems.
Great coverage of the topics, critical to any project manager
The dots are gradually coming together in the subject matter.
Loved the instructor... everything was made easily understood
I benefited a lot from this course. i recommend it to all PM
it was awesome, one of the best lessons I have ever studied.
great instructor she made it very easy to follow  Thank You.
Great course with simplified concept and process breakdowns.
Very helpful, applying the information in my current project
Succinct, thoughtful, and presented in a very practical way.
It was very useful concentrated and in the heart of the core
Love the detailed demonstrating on Schedule Network Diagram
Considerable knowledge achieved in budgeting and scheduling
Was really helpful and the structure of the course is good.
This course helps the beginner to learn project management
thankyou, this course gave me a lot of lesson in practical
Great preparation to be a confident Project Management SME
Learned so much about budgeting. My favorite part so far.
Effective & informative course for the fresher engineers.
It is absolutely useful material that helped me too much.
A really good lesson on project scheduling and budgeting.
This is very grateful and am glad for taking this course
Very informative, I have learned a lot from this course.
Streamline and informative. Great educational experience
Easy to follow but I would like more practical examples.
Thank you very much for providing such a valuable course
Very good course. A lot of useful insights. Recommended.
Excellent course to approach you to the PMP Certificate
Excellent course ! I like to discussion of the experts.
too good it has open my knowledge more about the course
Great Course.  The instructor has real world knowledge
Thank you for all information.  it help me on my work.
Great Course, It's worth my time.  Highly recommended
Thank you for giving me the chance to do this course.
Very Good learning on Budgeting & Scheduling projects
Very interesting and easy to understand. Thanks a lot
it gives the most important elements of the budgeting
Excellent primer on project budgeting and scheduling.
great course and excellent presentation of material!
it is the basics for the next steps, well structured
Excellent & easy to grab the contents. Well Defined
Very well structured and easy to understand course.
great help for budgeting and scheduling any project
Awesome course, very useful and easy to understand!
THANK YOUR FOR MAKING THESE KIND OF USEFUL COURSES
Great course on Budgeting and Scheduling Projects!
i think that it is the best part. Good job i enjoy
learn a lot about scheduling projects i liked that
A good introductory course for project budgeting.
best course, short term with brief understanding.
Very well done. Lots of good concepts from PMBOK.
To the point...it makes you want to explore more.
Very well explained concepts with valid examples.
very interesting with a simple english language.
it was simply the best course i had ever learned
Very nice techniques for planning and scheduling
Extremely helpful course!  Definitely recommend.
the most productivity course which i ever seen.
Great course! The terminology was very helpful!
The instructor is very helpful in her approach.
Excellent Course, great delivery. Thx Margaret!
The course is helpful and the teacher is great
Very useful. I learned a lot from this course.
Great course with a lot of practical elements.
i did appreciate a lot this course. well done!
Its best teaching and very help fulThank you!
It was very useful for refreshing the memory.
Thank you Margret for this wonderful lecture.
It was exiting and very very important for me
Awesome program with detailed explanation....
Excellente course. Very clear and well paced.
Interesting but wide with many terminologies.
Love the information will definitely use it.
Really knowledgeable session..great learning
This courses and classes are understandable
This is excellent. A wealth of information.
Very interesting and useful, great examples
very interesting thank a lot argaret Meloni
Very helpful for budgeting and scheduling.
Very good examples, and clear explanations
thank you and that help me alot in my job
Was comprehensive and easy to assimilate.
So many great information on course base!
Concise and to the point - great material
Its a fascinating and an amazing journey.
Very good course contents, easy to follow
Excellent material, summarized knowledge.
nice course for budgeting and scheduling
Very effective course. Thanks to corsera
It was concise, and enriched. Thank you.
The contents of the course are explicit.
Relevant info, now let's apply it, hey?
thank you so much, I have learn so much
A good way to start managing projects.
very useful tips, simple to understand
Too much thanks for all course group .
thanks a lot for the excellent course!
more helpful course for my daily works
helpful , useful and thank you for all
Very interesting and practical course.
Excellent practical knowledge covered.
Thanks for rich learning experience!!
very informative and straight forward
I am very satisfied with this course.
I appreciate the effort put in to pre
Fantastic course and I definitely gre
That Course Was Awesome, Thank You :)
Very informative and easy to digest.
Use full for us this coursara course
It was more interesting as i thought
very useful techniques and subjects.
Really nice and informative. Thanks.
it was a good learning on coursera.
Very helpful and interesting Course
It is very informative, and useful.
Excellent Information laid out in a
Great class with good explanations!
Very useful for refreshing my PMP.
Good explanation and clear example
great course, you need to be focus
So simplified and easy to follow..
Excellent information and current
It's worth the time and effort :)
This course gave me a good base t
Very informative and inetresting
Detail the essential in easy way
Very informative course overall.
Great start to an unknown issue.
It is very nice and great course
Like it love it want more of it.
the course is really interesting
Some nice lessons. Not too hard
Fruitful and very very helpful.
Had great learning !! Thank you
great course. very informative.
Great Course, great instructor!
i love coursera a lot .. thanks
Thanks for the wonderful course
Hard, and complicated, but good
Excellent content of the course
Great course, lots of knowledge
Coincided with my last project
Great course, very insightful.
i enjoyed the learning proces
Good course helping in future
Really an informative course.
Great Course. Very insightful
Thank you for the refresher!
Grate not only for beginners
The PPT is very interesting.
A very well defined course.
Great course. Amazing tutor
This was great thank you :)
This course is a must take.
Nice course.I enjoyed a lot
I give it a million stars.
Great easy-learning course
Nice course, very helpful
So informative. I like it
Good class! I enjoyed it.
Good. Easy to understand
Good, informative course
Very useful, I learned a
this course is great!!!
great and new knowledge
Informative and useful
best course ever i had
very beneficial course
Good content and video
good course, i like it
Very well done course.
really love the course
Good course and topic
REALLY HELPFUL COURSE
Lot of external links
Very good. Thank you!
Enjoyed it very much!
100% of satisfaction.
Training is useful!!
Very clear, concise.
Its very useful one
Nice helpful course
great job thank you
Very interesting !!
i learn many things
Perfect and timely
Loving the course.
Interesting course
its user friendly
Thank you so much
i really enjoy it
Grateful Miss :-)
nice and helpful
The best for me.
sufficient info
very accessible
Great course!!!
Simply great!!!
it was helpful
awesome lesson
Good training.
Learned alot!
Great follow
As expected
Just great!
thanks all
Attractive
worth it.
Great tra
Top !
