You should tell people before they enroll that, to take the quizzes, they must pay. It was a waste of time...
The course is great, but I am very disappointed that after spend 3 hours watching the videos and practicing, I can only submit my answer if I upgrade. This should be said before I enrolled in this course.
the peer grading system is poor, considering that they are learning just like us.the grading should be done automatically or by a professional .
Its a very basic course and I regret having paid 44 USD for it. I was expecting something more advanced. It goes at such a low pace, I would recommend it for someone who has no clue about english grammar or who is just learning the language. Not for someone who is looking for a more complex grammar used in academic writing.
A very weak course, gives very little knowledge of grammar, doesn't really explain quite a lot of things. If you are a first year primary school student, this course might be helpful, otherwise a complete waste of time.
I dont want to pay money .why the hell is it asking money😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😢😢😢😢😡😡😡😡 i want my certificate
This course has been very frustrating.  I have posted but  have not received any peer reviews.  I am auditing the course so I don't expect a certificate, but to not be able to have quizzes marked is annoying.  Now in week 3 I am expected to change my online viewing platform part way through the course.  These annoyances are such that I am withdrawing from this course and will look to another source for this information.  I have really enjoyed Coursera programs that I have taken in the past, so I hope this course is anomaly and not the norm for other courses.
This is awesome. every thing is so amazing, but the one thing I didn't like is the people who are not american or understand English well don't understand what the teachers are saying. the next thing that I didn't like is the test can be done only three times and if we didn't pass in three times then we need to wait eight hours to re do the test. the test are also too hard.THANK YOU
I expected more from this course than what I can find on websites. It is disappointingly shallow. The course is very slow and fails to give a fuller picture.  It is nothing like a university course should be. This sure doesn't help me become better at writing in English.
Nothing as I was expecting. Courses need to have more exercises rather than peer graded assignments. No one does the peer graded assignments properly which makes it a complete waste of time. Don't waste your money and time here.
Horrible subscription policy....You stole my money....How can you continuously extract money? Even I didn't take this course continuously. You should inform and stop the credit card billing... What the fuck worst policy!!!!
Course is good, but even I got free enrollment, I can not pass any quiz because it's locked. They said we need to pay to could take exam, but I'am still student without scholarship and can't pay.
Really disappointed you have to pay to be able to do the quizzes.  I thought the whole point of Coursera is to enhance our skills for free and chose to pay for a certificate if we wanted to.
Great experience, but I am feeling the problem to receive certificate. You are asking for id verification. So I am giving you 1 star.
It's really very effective course for me.Thanks a lot to authority for giving me a scope to attain this kind of course
i dont know why, but it's so frustrating that i have problem with this course. i can't start every quiz in week 4.
İt is too simple, and it is too short that all course content can be finished in just one day.
I enrolled accidentally to this course. Now i am not able to un enroll. Please help me.
material was good but it doesn't tell you to pay for the course until you take the quiz
They charged again even the course was completed and there is no option to cancel
This course only works if u pay, which is shit coz most people dont have money...
I don't agree with being forced to have peer discussion  on a remedial course.
I can't get my completion certificate and my free trial ends today!!!!!!!!
Course could have earn my stars.Money, money, money is not the way to go.
i really don't like this course... time waste
I am happy for participating this  course
It most be more effective
It has no continuity.
I think it is really necessary to establish better the target auditory for this course. The students with very basic level of English have to study with advanced non-native speakers and with natives. The exercises can be too challenging for the first category, sometimes boring for the second and absolutely superfluous for the third.
This course is pretty basic. As far as grammar goes, it really only covers tenses and parallel agreement. I'm also pretty there is more to punctuation than the semicolon and the comma, although I didn't realize how complicated comma placement could be! The professor talks like she's on tranquilizers and it's difficult to do peer reviews when 90% of the class apparently doesn't speak English as their first language. I learned some things, but this course should really be called "How and when to use a comma". Would anyone really pay money for this?
In fact the course is fantastic. I'd say that is perfect, but it is not because requires payment to be assessment in the activities.
I believe this course might be helpful for English learners who have not yet grasped more specific areas of the language (such as different types of sentences) and for natives who haven't had much writing advice throughout their lives. I did learn new things, but they were often presented in a monotone and vague way, with few exercises and a weak approach. Moreover, the editing of the videos was outdated, which, as shallow as it may sound, contributed to my disengagement with this course. There were, however, useful tips and rules I was not aware of, mostly because I tend to apply my native language's punctuation practices to English. Those were certainly a delight to learn, and I'm happy to have had access to it. Even so, I still believe most of it could have been taught more quickly through articles than a whole university-level course.
Fair, if English is your first language. Overly complicated if you are learning English as a second language. The examples are overly complicated using negatives and irregular verbs. The video of Therefore vs Therefore was an improvement over the barely animated videos before it. The one after is overly animated. While the instructor is clear, her examples are difficult to follow and combine many features of English that are not explained. I am passing over other course offerings from this instructor.
Contents are interesting and useful, even if the course deals with few topics. I think it is too expensive! A good grammar book is cheaper and more complete.I would not enroll this course anymore.
Poor visual communications, it should be better since it is the only way to follow the course.Should be nice if the slides counted with a kind of animation to enphatize what we are talking about.
Very good course! All explanations are clear and too powerful for understanding.Two stars because all tests you can submit if purchase certificate.
The class itself is quite good. However you can not submit the Module Quiz without purchasing the certificate, which is quite annoying.
This course is very interesting and enjoyable .I advise any one wanna learn english grammar to start with this course.
The theoretical part is good, but a lot of exercises just haven't opened. I don't feel like I've had enough practice.
It was a good course. But it doesn't worth the money. Paying $69 is just too much for this elementary course.
It is good, but still needs an improvement. It should be able to train the students in their profession
None of the practice exercises worked.
Extremely boring and not really useful
Great and free.
satisfactory
Review comments:What I learn most form this course is parallel structure and sentence variety lessons in Week 4.[Parallel Structure]It uses some conjunctions like and, but, both....and..., not only...but also...[Sentence Variety]Use the different 4 types English sentence style, simple, compound, complex and compound-complex to enrich your writing. In addition, adverbs, prepositional phrases (like in the morning), other transitions (furthermore) could be used to create variety. At last, combining the short sentences, medium sentences (10-15 words) and long ones (20-40 words) will also make your writing alive. Some other    tips will also help like repeating key nouns, using synonyms, saying things in different ways.- Use different sentence types- Start sentence differently- Use different sentence lengths- Use synonyms effectivelyConsidering sentence variety will be the last step when you revise your essay, so do not do it in the begining.
Good course, although no proctor or supervision at all. No place to go for questions or help. Please be aware this is primarily designed for non-native english speakers. This was not clear to me when I joined. And although the content is thorough, it is dull and the assignments uninspiring. If you want to know more about grammar, good  (be sure to bone up through, because she assumes a lot about what you might remember from high school and for those of us over 40 ... hmmm).If you want to feel inspired to write something of value and interest to yourself or others, not so good.Over all I would not recommend this course or series of courses. And would suggest seeking out a course that has some kind of proctor or supervisory help available.
This course is helpful and I have learned quite a bit about punctuation and sentence structures.However, while things like tense are important, to be able to differentiate 12 tenses contributes relatively little to typical academic writing. Rather, I have had trouble with seemingly simple questions such as when to use past tense and when to use present tense in a literature review. But these aspects are probably the most useful when it comes to pracital writing. It would be helpful if these issues are addressed.Also, the use of articles is a common weakness for a lot of students (to "the" or not to "the"). It is helpful to include this component too.
Good Course for examining some English Grammar closelyThe course breaks down some aspects of English grammar and punctuation very nicely and has relevant practice exercises. I wish the course covered a slightly wider variety of topics or went into slightly more depth of explanation. The title "grammar and punctuation" is misleading in that only a few topics are covered. However, I believe someone learning English or reviewing academic writing would definitely benefit from going through this course. I am a native speaker, and I certainly learned a few things. :)Thank you Professor, TA's and Coursera!
It's a good course with some interesting resources. Most of the practice resources use Flash and one of the assignment submissions is inconsistent with the other submission formats. The content of the course itself is 4.5 stars. For me there is one element that I wish had an explanation or somewhere to ask about it. Instead I'll need to search the internet for an answer and hope what I find is correct!
I think this is a good review for someone who has the basic in English grammar; however, if you're an ESL student or English-speaking person (who need to start over in grammar). Study first before starting this course. A lot of the feedback in the forum, I found to be poor except when it came from an English-speaking person.You get a lot of: " OK, Great, etc..", no real feedback.
I would have liked some more depth in the course.  While the course name says "punctuation", it deals only with commas and to a small extent, with semicolons.  The assignments and practice exercises need to be tougher.  Also, given that this course is taken by students from all over the globe, it should mention that the "serial comma" is not mandatory in all writing styles.
The course is helpful but incomplete. It does not mention dashes and colons. It also misrepresents the usage of semicolons. I have seen the idea of using a semicolon followed by a transition word taught before, but I do not think I have ever seen it done in published writing in my entire life. It strikes me as being pretentious, something to be discouraged.
Very good in punctuation and some points but it doesn't teach a lot of grammar as the title is, the training links are pretty old, and they use other sites, so it wasn't easy to use them. Good course for writing skill, anyway, it's so good for good English talkers, who doesn't trust their English writing skill.
A good clear examination of basic punctuation and grammar. The lectures are well presented and the exercises useful. The element which really doesn't work is the peer assessment or review. This seems intended to replace forum discussions but it is not a good substitute (and there are no forums).
A solid course for those who require a refresher on certain grammar rules. But, in my opinion, the course should go deeper in the different parts of the English grammar. For example, what are gerunds or infinitives? Still a good course though! I really enjoyed the teacher, as well.
The level of this course is way more basic than I expected. The reviews left previously did not succeed my expectations. It might be an interesting course for someone that is starting to write in English and wishes to have extra knowledge in a very collateral way.
The course is well structured, but most of the features in the exercises' pages were not working properly. I tried to access them via both my computer (macbook) and mobile phone, but in some cases I could not even complete the exercise or check the answers...
This course was informative and valuable although lacking in character and not particularly engaging.  (a Ben-Stein-Bueller aura if you know what I mean). But if you have the patience and desire to really learn this stuff, it will suffice.
Very okay. I would have liked to see more video content and quizzes, rather than reading. This is a good review on the basics of grammar and punctuation, but I think you should already have some background in this before taking it.
The course is conducted well. But it can be improved better. Some reading materials, however, is not that useful and some videos are useless... More useful tips can be put into this course, it is kind of easy...
Some exercises were freezing up despite using firefox as recommended. Some long questions were not completely visible, as they slide cut them off. Otherwise, the sessions were beneficial in everyday writing.
It was great but I can't continue it because I am from Iran and living there too so I can't pay and enroll next courses :( It was just like a great starter with no purpose for me.
The information was quite was good, but the practice and assignments were too easy. Thanks for providing full explanations and a set of in-video examples for every rule.
It provides essential information neither about punctuation nor about grammar. I would say it is too superficial. Advanced learners will not gain new knowledge.
Nice brush up on some long-lost grammar rules. Could have been a bit more challenging considering it was created by a University of California school.
It could review some aspects from conditional sentences. In addition, there should be the option of doing the practice exercises in Safari or Chrome.
I wish that the lessons could have gone a bit more in depth and have more abilities to give the students practice or interactions with instructors.
Although it should be simple enough, i found it hard to understand the material and sometimes, the videos would end without finishing the content.
I couldn't finish it without purchasing it, in spite of active participation and high scores on all the assignments I had access to.
Great explanation of punctuation rules. However, upgrade costs too much given the amount of materials covered and their complexity.
Lectures must be more interactive. The practice sheets must not be limited to Firefox users, it should function on Chrome as well.
I had a good time learning new things which are generally not told in your academics.Thanks to UCI for offering it. Best wishes.
It was alright. Thought I would learn more than that, but I'm very thankful for learning about comma structure and so on.
In my opinion, this course needs more space for English grammar, or make a new course for grammar only.thank you
The practise tests were only compatible with firefox. In this day and age, very few people use firefox.
Thanks a lot for all things i already learned from this course. Really, l filtrate this to all people.
More detailed explanation is needed on the course, and if a teacher is available it would be good
The examples and teaching videos are excellent. But, there should be more exercises for practice.
The course doesn't cover some of the punctuations but overall its a great course to start with.
The content was best but supporting supplementary reader doesn't worked at all.
It was overall, alright. All of the group assignments killed it for me, though.
Most of the practise assignments didn't run either on Safari or on Chrome.
It was a good start, but I wish the assignments were a little bit harder.
It was a good course. Now, I am very much confident about punctuation.
i recommend making a video at the end of course to summary the course
I have acquired a diverse knowledge on grammar and punctuation.
Good videos on grammar and punctuation but not much on writing.
Very good course. Interesting tips and summaries. Very helpful.
American English as opposing my knowledge of British English.
Very good; however, the training apps did not work on my Mac.
it is very nice course, and improve my english writting style
It was really helpful for me to advance my punctuation skill
It would be useful if we get feedbacks from the lecturers.
Must pay to sign up in order to submit final quizzes, etc.
It's a good course, In the last lesson miss more examples.
Very useful and the information taught are well presented
The videos are really boring, however the course is good.
good to learn it's easy and useful i like it very much
very good platefrom  to learn grammar and Punctuation
A good basic course with some great exercises in it.
The first week I liked, but the last week doesn't.
The exercices didn't work ,and I could not do them
Some of the lessons aren't clear enough to follow
Good teaching and making every topic practice
Verb tenses could be explained more detailed.
got the idea of using punctuation in writing
EXCELLENT COURSE. I HAVE ENJOYED THE COURSE.
Short course.Please add more content to it.
Not very challenging, but well constructed
need more material.. course is too simple
Good for a starter.Thank you professor.
It was ok but not so clear at the end
I think Punctuacion is the main topic
Too too too too too TOO repetitive.
Feedback from teachers is lacking.
good way to go back to the basics
it was interesting and helpful.
Short course but well organize.
Some of the apps did not work.
Kind of... too basic?
It is useful course.
I HAVEN'T ENJOYED
A bit too simple.
helpful.
Please add a forum so that people can share their thoughts; this kind of course requires lots of general discussion!
First of all, thank you very much for putting this course together. I have just finished it, and I decided to leave this assignment for last since I wanted to share some general comments.Overall, I have learned a few new details here and there, including certain new ways of explaining the use of some structures and punctuation rules. It was very good for me to review the notion of "sentence compound" and "verb compound".My general observations about this course are:(1) It offers a very basic notion of verb tenses without any in-depth analysis of certain special or more complex situations. I guess I was expecting the chance to explore some more details in this course.(2) There were different moments where I disagreed about the use of commas recommended by the instructor. My disagreement was based on the writing guidelines I have learned throughout my life while attending courses/workshops offered by professional editors and university professors as well as while studying different materials (grammar books and writing handbooks. (Please see a list with some titles below.)(2.1) One case refers to the use or not of commas with Relative Clauses. As you may be well aware, commas should only be used with nonrestrictive clauses whereas restrictive clauses are never separated by commas. However, some sentences shown in the video "More Uses of Commas" as well as in the quizzes failed to make such distinction.Two examples from the video:(A) "My roommate, who hates seafood, doesn't want me to cook shrimp." [In this example, the use of commas is correct if I assume that there is only one roommate in this situation, which is clearly identified. Therefore, the relative clause is nonrestrictive as it is just adding extra information about the roommate.](B) "The dress, which I bought for tonight, is too tight for me to wear."[Here we have a very general subject "the dress", and we need the relative clause to help us identify which dress the speaker is talking about. Therefore, the relative clause is clearly a restrictive clause and should not be separated by commas.](2.2) Another situation that I somewhat disagreed with was with the rule about adding a comma before "and" in a series of three or more things/people/phrases etc. This last comma (aka "series comma", "serial comma", or even "Oxford comma") is actually "debatable" among many different authors. In general, it is considered an optional case, not a mandatory one.(3) In the video about Present Perfect and Simple Past, we were shown a table divided into two columns/sides: on the left, there were words normally used with Present Perfect, and on the right, words that were used with only Simple Past.(3.1) Among the words normally used with Present Perfect, we had already, ever, yet, never.However, as we all know, we can perfectly use either Present Perfect or Simple Past for new or recent happenings, especially in North America and in informal situations.For example:- I've lost my keys. Have you seen them?        OR    I lost my keys. Did you see them?The same applies to the words previously mentioned in bold as well as always, just, before:- I have already called Martha.   OR   I already called Martha.- Have you contacted Martha yet?    OR    Did you contact Martha yet?- I've never spoken to him.       OR   I never spoke to him.- Have you ever seen anything like that before?    OR   DId you ever see anything like that before?There would be some other things to say, but I believe that is enough for now.Thank you very much for this course in any case. I am sure most of my peers are learning a lot from it. :)
This is a great introductory course for refreshing one's memory or learning basic grammar rules. Unfortunately, the 7-day free trial option does not allow the same level of access to the discussion board assignments as those students who pay for the course. Based on my experience, my classmates were unable to see the content that I posted; however, I was able to provide feedback and add private comments to their posts. Also, with the free version, some of the supplemental practice exercises did not open, but all of the lecture videos, quizzes, and course assignments functioned properly. If you are taking the course as a refresher, then you can make it through the class before the free trial period ends, just note that it does take some time to watch all of the videos and complete the assignments. If you don't want to rush, the course is inexpensive, and the content is worth it.
This course is really helpful especially for people wanting to write English articles better. The course outline is well laid out, videos are easy to understand, and exercises are very helpful for practicing your punctuation.  The only negative point for me is how the teachers use a very strong American accent that some of the letters in a word are not pronounced anymore, like 'meanin' instead of 'meaning' and 'writin' instead of 'writing'. It doesn't really affect the teaching, though. All in all, this course helped me a lot and I recommend it to anyone wanting to improve their punctuation and review their English grammar knowledge.
Even though the course was pretty basic, there were many new things I learned, especially certain tips and tricks. The lessons are simple; the examples were good for understanding and to the point. The course-content, video and audio qualities are good. Links to extra materials are also provided towards the end of each week. I felt the assignments were too simple. They were reviewed by other students and not by the course organisers. Though peer-review is a good practice, comments from the teachers would be much appreciated. I would prefer more options for discussion on a topic, other than through the assignments alone.
It was such a nice decision to take up this course.  I have had a desire to know more about punctuation , and this was exactly what I have wanted. The study load was fairly enough, so it was easy to manage my progress on my own even if I got off work late.If I am allowed to talk about downsides, I wish there was more active communication with the professors. I felt comunication with students was not enough.Moreover, some study material was not able to be opened. I presume those links were expired.Overall, it was satisfactory.
I really liked this course. It helped me to understand about some grammar rules that I didn't understand before, and also made me learn new things. The methodology is so interisting, it made me search more and more information about the English grammar before I submit or analyse any classmate activities, because I wanted to make sure that I was doing it properly. To be honest, it is not 5 star, for me, because I believe that if it had  a specialised tutor,  I could feel more confident about my learning.
This course is very good with helping the learner punctuate, use the correct tenses, and form sentences with appropriate sentence structure. I would suggest making the practice exercises available in Chrome, as well. I would also suggest external monitoring of the peer-graded assignments, because if everybody is a learner, it is not necessary that everybody will critique correctly. In addition, I think most people would do the assignments out of obligation, and not out of the need to learn and review.
This is should be your go to option if you are looking for brushing up / learning fundamentals of english grammar. The course material is simple , to the point and accessible to a all regardless of the level of your English fluency levels. However, this course lacks a an active discussion forum and the peer graded assignments are designed in such a way that often it is impossible to discuss doubts or explore further nuances . Other than that, the course meets all that it sets out to achieve.
Instruction was clear and helpful. The practice questions were useful while learning. Some of the practice sessions were not available to me because I use Google Chrome as my browser. I also thought one of the peer review sections should be changed to match the others. The one lesson asked us to upload a file instead of just typing our responses in a box. Overall, good class. I definitely needed a refresher course, and this helped me to remember what I had learned.
It is an excellent platform to improve our English with enormous number of examples and practice items. It is a good way to improve the communication with people all over the globe. This improvise the confidence level, too, for a non-native English speaker. However, I was expecting to interact with the class teacher, as I wanted to confirm my understanding with her too. There is no option available where we can ask our doubts, except the initial week.
Very useful and straightforward course on the basics of grammar (but just the basics of Verb Tenses; was expecting more of it in terms of grammar topics - Passive voice, Conditionals, Reported speech etc.)It's basically a Punctuation 101 course which focuses heavily on proper sentence structure and syntax - got a great deal a good stuff out of it, though. Warmly recommend it to everyone who is not confident in his basic writing skills.
The course makes you learn:a) when you have to use Simple Past or Present Perfect;b) punctuationc) how to write in clear way.There are problems with IT platform: video often stops suddenly and sometimes it is difficult to understand where you are arrived in the course. Besides, sometimes you don't immediately understand what you have to do for passing to next step of the course.To sum up, the teacher is good. IT staff could do better.
I would rate this course with 5 stars; however, I think that an introduction to verbs, nouns and adjectives is a necessary component. In order to grasp the first module about verb tenses, I had to do some background research on different grammatical structures. I wish that this had been covered in the beginning. I have found the given resources to be quite valuable, and I am looking forward to enrolling in the essay writing course.
I appreciate the comments from other students (it helps me a lot), but I dont fell like I'm either very  or well prepared to avaliate the work of others. So, this is my only one negative point. Despite the fact we needed to move to another page or navigator, I  really enjoyed doing the extra exercises. At last, I think would be better that those extra exercises were here on coursera platform. That's all.
Before I started this course, I used to do a lot of guess work while editing my essays. I relied on proofreading program to get review my essays. This course has helped me understand crucial parts of sentences; thereby, enabling me with greater confidence to edit my essays.Although this course is intended for beginners, it would certainly help experienced hands refresh their skills. Try it!
This was a very helpful course. I learnt punctuations, transition words, conjunctions, essay writing, parallel writing and various other topics that will improve my writing style. Initially, they asked an introductory question which I was facing some trouble to write. But after this course i feel confident in writing, not only an introductory paragraph, but any paragraph or essay.
It's a pleasure to thank UCLA for teaching for everyone to learn to acquire a new language.Secondly, I thank all the working teachers who carry on their shoulders the most honorable message throughout history, hoping that knowledge will reach the corners of the earth.and a next times we are want to courses about information technology for develoe our skills until find job easily.
Paced perfectly for me.  A great review as my knowledge of what underlies our language system is well hidden after years of use.  As I embark upon a class in Spanish, I hope this thorough look at English conventions may help me in learning this second language.  My motivation centers on my grandson's enrollment in a dual immersion school; helping him with homework is a challenge.
It was great. But would have been better if watching additional videos was not made mandatory for firefox. And providing extra material for practicing would be nice, for we could make our base on grammar & punctuation stronger that way. Overall I am happy with this course and Instructor. The course was well organized. Only lacuna I find is post material for practicing.
This is really good. I expected a tedious review of my grammar subjects from grade school and high school. I am pleasantly relieved that the emphasis is on the areas that will be commonly used in academic writing; that is, sentence constructions. I have learned a lot and have also discovered that my compound and complex sentence constructions do need some work.
from this class,it made me  proper man on doing in making the sentences right, like this is this and that's that; however, this class was cool where i got more knowledge than the school in LTC ( grammar) subject! by seeing the videos that this class had made and i understand,but something i didn't then also i got more knowledge than i thought . THANK YOU !
This course was great. I only subtracted 1 star because coursera’s peer review system was a little clunky. I wanted to ask follow up questions or thank peers for their feedback but didn’t seem to be able to. I’m also not sure The “discuss” button underneath the lecture video rectangle also didn’t work so I couldn’t discuss any of the content with peers.
Overall, it was good. This course has cohesive content, but, what I feel, something is missing. It is a very short course, they have another intermediate course on grammar, though. They should include some faculty interaction in this course, as we all are at the same pace. We can't judge other person mistakes as a teacher can do this job better than us.
A concise review of punctuation and (some) grammar associated with punctuation rules in the grammar. A perfect choice for anyone wanting to review punctuation rules swiftly. However, those who would like to review grammar of the English language might not get all what they wanted from this course, which covers only what is relevant to punctuation.
A really helpful and detailed course. You really can go trough it for four hours and gain quite useful knowledge about the punctuation and the correct way of structuring your essay. The only recommendation  I would have is to give up on the adobe flash technology for the practice tests and use java script and simple html.Thanks for the course.
Very good step-by-step pedagogy! Learn a few things, that I will keep in mind. But, I believe this is for beginners, or people who have big issues with grammar. I can imagine this is also very good for people whose native language has nothing in common with English. I was playing the videos 2x faster, as I had understood where this was going.
I enjoyed this course. Highly educational and useful. I had so much fun following the videos and completing the quizzes. I'd say I had improved a lot since I started. The problem is, some of the practicing apps in the course don't work, which made me frustrated. I hope they fix them, so the students can get the full potentials of the course.
I was looking for a course that can sum up my knowledge regarding grammar and punctuation. For this purpose, I found the Grammar and Punctuation course is the best fit. The whole program was great; I liked the interactive learning section. The video contents seems a bit brief to me, except this, I loved this course. Thank you.
This course is a great refreshment about Grammar and a helpful guide about Punctuation. The materials are very easy to understand. What i really like about this course is that it is very informative without being too long. The quiz could be improved since it is only fully accessible via a certain browser. Thank you, Coursera!
A good course for everyone who already knows grammar but wants to revise everything. Also, it does an amazing job at clarifying your doubts regarding the most difficult aspects of English grammar. However, this is not a course for zero level beginners because it does expect you to know basic concepts already before enrolling.
The course is very helpful, and the instructor communicates very efficiently with the students. There is only one problem that some of the links in the course are only accessible through desktop and not through smartphone. But that's only a miner issue, which I am certain that the technical team would resolve quickly.
This is a good course for learning English as a second language, and I learned a few things, but if you're looking to learn advanced grammatical concepts in English, I would recommend other classes above this one. This course has a lot of useful exercises and interaction with your classmates, which are very helpful.
The best feature of the course is that it was well organized and of highly advanced level. The material in tutorial was appropriate and it increased my interest in the given field. At - last, but not least the instructor deliver the course contents in an efficient wy. She also dealt the problems of all the peers.
It was an excellent refresher course. The course included a lot of student reviews. In my opinion there was a plus and a negative to this. It was great at inspiring student interaction; however, because the teacher didn't review the work after, if the student had a misguided interpretation it may lead you astray.
I enrolled hoping to learn more about other punctuation marks, such as: how to place periods when you have a quote, since in Spanish these rules are different and I keep making the same mistakes, or how to use the dash. However, it's a nice short course where I learned a lot about Parallel Structures and commas.
There's some room for improvement, that's for sure. The last video was really bad, not because of the content, but because the Professor was very sloppy in her speaking. I also think there should be more practice exercises and a better way to know if the answers were correct. But overall, was very happy with it.
It was not what I was looking for, but it helped me review some of the basics that I had forgotten. Explanations were very clear and to the point. However, the practice activities didn't work, so I had to then practice on the other major Grammar-based websites. Thank you for the effort in putting this course.
It is a good course; gives an overview about tenses and a detailed training about how and when to use punctuation correctly. It also talks about the 4 types of sentences and how to use them effectively while writing. It enhances my understanding of the subject matter and boost my confidence for the same.
Maybe, I missed the information about this course being focused towards non-native speakers. Was this course focus to that target audience? As a native-English speaker, I found this course a bit easy. However, I enjoyed the refresher, and I will use this information in future courses. Thank you!
I enjoyed this course a lot. This is my first course in coursera, also I am very confused with English sentence formation. Now, I learnt a lot and will try to apply the most of this knowledge practically. I, also wished to have prepositions part in this, which is only disappointment for me.
Thanks for providing us this opportunity. It was a very nice course. There are few things which might help improve the course:- For a four-weeks course, I feel the material was not enough. I feel there is room to add more items like the use of hyphens, colons, and determiners.Thanks again.
A beginners course for writing correct English sentences. The course carries a good amount of examples to practice which proves really helpful. Though some of the exercise through the links are not loading. Overall, a great course to start with if you wish to revise your basic English.
The course was excellent! But I think you can focus on other important aspects of punctuation or grammar (like run-on sentences). On the other hand, when doing the peer assignment, I think the way students give feedback each other could be improved. Above all, I'd recommend the course.
The material in this course is super helpful, but I wished there would be weekly discussion forums to discuss the problems with the weekly materials. Also, the practice exercise links do not work most of the time. Nothing is displayed at the page after clicking on the link.
This course provides a very good introduction on punctuation and parallel sentences. Also, it introduces how to write good essay. My suggestion would be that the course could reduce sometime in the week1 learning and add more content in the sentences writing. Thank you.
I can see the improvement in myself and in the other students in the peer reviews. This course took me a little by surprise by how fun it was, I hadn't expected it. I recommend this course, especially to foreigners who want to learn how to use the English language.
The course was very good, but we are missing the help center and the discussion board.I finished the course and still didn't find the Group discussion icon. The help center is not active at all. Also, I have no clue why the search engine in the Arabic language.
It was helpful to review the grammar I have accumulated throughout the years.The punctuation rules are surprisingly interesting. I never really looked into the stuff so this was also useful, especially since I'm really particular about my essay presentation.
It’s a very useful course, but peer-graded-system is not a good idea for English beginners. Some people give good advices, but others don’t have skills to give correct advices. Some advices were rather confusing. Taking quiz is better than peer-graded one.
I wished at first they will let you practice before asking if we have any questions, also i never  knew if what i said to the others students was correct or no, regarthless i really like the structure of the course and the lectures were also very helpful.
Great course on the basics of good grammar and Punctuation. I feel there is a lot more to grammar than what is provided; however, this is a great start for anyone looking to polish up on verb tenses, basic sentence structure and punctuation.
I would be better if we can interchange comments with classmates when someone grades a task. Because, they can leave a message about the mistakes but you can't reply them. Which doesn't allow us to make feedback or ask them about the grade.
Good course! Don't be leave the course if the pre-course test results suggest you may be too good for the course. The grammar part was a review for the most part, but the punctuation section taught me a good deal of the rules I didn't know.
This course is simple and easy to follow. The lesson that had a great impact on me was about commas. When I learned about it's proper usage, I realized how long I'd been using commas in the wrong way! Thank you UC Irvine for this course! ;)
I found this course very useful and instructive. I finally could learn some rules which my teachers were never able to clearly explain to me. It is only a pity that I could not receive a certificate of attendance without paying the fee...
It was fun learning however, the criteria should be strict when us learners are answering questions and not give us second chances to correct ourselves. Secondly,Would the certificate be useful if I want to apply outside my own country?
Well taking this course helps me a lot in my academic writing and it's full of knowledge. As you know am a writer and that course is really interesting and I gain skills on that. Now i feel comfortable and i enjoy writring. Thank a lot
This was a great refresher course for me. It has been quite a few years since I studied grammar and punctuation, and I found that I had forgotten certain rules. My only problem was with some technical glitches. Otherwise, great course.
The course focuses on some of the most important aspects of English grammar which are used frequently. Also, these are the topics where students tend to make mistakes. However, few additional topics could have been added to the course
It was a good experience. Even though I'm an undergraduate student, these were some basic knowledge I was not completely aware of. I might have forgotten many rules. This helped me to strengthen my foundation. I do had a great time.
Thoroughly enjoyed and it helped me reconnect with some of the theories taught many many years ago. It took a few attempts in some parts.there were some technical issues with some of the practice modules. I reported these. Thanks.
I found this course very helpful. I didn't know the 99% of the information before taking this course. I highly recommend Grammar and punctuation for all whom need to improve their writting skills in a easy and understandable way.
This was a very well done course with many different ways to practice the skills being taught. There are a few bugs in the assignment section, particularly in week 4, that impacted students' ability to review one anothers' work.
The course has been very useful in writing sentences correctly and using different forms of sentences. Although fluent in english speaking I was weak in grammer. This helped me a lot to get through and gain information.
The course is well explained and covers the topic nicely, however, a prior knowledge of grammar and punctuation is required. The instructor has clear pronunciation and a smile on her face that makes learning enjoyable.
I found it to be enjoyable, the teacher lectures where well understood and I also enjoyed the test. I had enough information that also helped me to take down notes. I have recommended few of my friends. Thank you all.
I enjoyed this course very much. However, I miss feedback!Maybe it's because I did the free course and did not pay. But, sometimes I still don't understand why I did something wrong.As an introduction this is perfect.
Excellent course to refresh the English Grammar and its Punctuation. An overview to students who want to understand the fundamentals of the English Language and utilize the content as a reference for upcoming studies.
Course is very good but there are few things I want UCI to improve. Include discussion forums, update those practice links since they are outdated and not working and finally, I wanted last week to be more elobrated.
Hello,The overall content or education on English grammar was good. It made me to correct lot of things which I used to find difficult or project it wrong. Thank you for educating me correctly. Appreciate your work.
It was an good experience by learning this course ..it will help in my career ..and also for others ..thank you the instructor who explained very easy way to understand all grammar andpunctuation ...good course ...
I liked this course, but it required some explanation. To be more accurate, the last week in the course needs more effort to look perfect. However,  I have learned a lot from the instructor, and she added me much.
I liked very much this course. I had forgot many of these grammatical rules, so it was really good for me. As in any other language, English is not easy, you have to practice daily, even that be just a little bit.
I love it ,thank you so much for your information.I just want to comment a bout one thing, I couldn't open some links during the course, by the way , I am using laptop so I think the problem is technical problem
Thank you, Coursera, for this beautiful platform of enhancing our knowledge and understanding. This was the first course that I completed. I am glad to say that it was a great help to extend my understanding.
Great course for students who need to polish their English or refresh some grammar and punctuation. I'm a teacher of ESL,  and I got new sources to explain punctuation, conjunctions and tenses to my students.
this course is very organized and helpful. I learned many important things, indeed. In addition, writing is always a tricky part for me, but now I am confident that I will do good, after doing this course.
I liked it, you will get an introduction to grammar rules with a focus on punctuation.
I had expected more writing practice. In a couple of
weeks, I might sign up for the next level of this specialization.
The course is well structured. It focuses on the key aspects which one needs to learn and focus on for improving his/ her English writing skills. The focus on verb and tenses can be a bit more extensive.
On week 4, one of the assignments did not allow us to write in answers directly and had to save it as a word document etc. This was very inconvenient. I hope you change this requirement in other courses!
This course provided the basics in English grammar and punctuation. The lecturer gives a lot of good examples and provides the learners with enough opportunities to practice whatever is being discussed.
it was a great course, it helped me a lot reviewing my English grammar. I appreciate for everything and I will recommend this  course to everyone who wants to write better the English language. Thanks
This is the perfect course for either people who want a refresher on grammar and punctuation or for people who speak english as a second language and were never taught sentence structuring in school.
I am really satisfied with this course. With the help of this course , I have improved my English writing skills. I have learned a lot of new things, and I am really glad that I took up this course.
The terminology is likely to be difficult for ESLs, and the guidance is likely too easy for native speakers.Spent most of the time on 2.0x speed and multitasking because it wasn't nuanced enough.
This is my first time in Coursera, and I am amazingly impressed by this toolkit. However, some features for the commas and sentence variety practice test did not pop up. I hope it can be fixed.
this course really helped me increase my knowledge about writing  grammatically correct sentences and paragraphs , if you are looking to increase your level of writing , this course is for you.
Very good, But I missed some more practical exercises on writing. For us, non-native english speakers sometimes it is very difficult to identify our mistakes. But the whole module is very good.
As beginner in research area this is first milestone in academic writing, I have read and done lots of online courses. This provide better understanding with proper style and learning method.
It is really exciting course though I failed two times to complete it. I think the instructor voice should br mo cleared.This is informative but need more clear the section. Thanks, Coursera.
The course is so helpful which reminds me a lots of grammar and word uses. However, I find it inconvenient when I need to use Firefox in some lessons. Chrome will be preferred, in my opinion.
Very Much Useful to Student Community, particularly when these are given in form of assignments to student groups. the videos are interesting at the same time it gives a joy of Fun  Learning
Instructions and actions in some of the practices are neither intuitive nor are they clear.  It appears that some are written with the assumption that a student has taken the class before.
It was a great experience to go through this course. It gave me more insight into the sentence making. I really learned the use of commas and other punctuation, really enjoyed the course.
In my opinion, it was a good course because it was well structured, understandable and easy to follow. Even tough I found it useful, I would like to find more content on english grammar.
The course is great with basic knowledge about the grammar and punctuation.However, it is quite difficult to do the exercise (some files are good, the others have to be done in Firefox)
I recommend this class to anyone willing to know how to punctuate and use correct tenses in English. The grammar rules are clearly explained and illustrated with many helpful examples.
The course is quite informative and useful. However, I think the charge of 60e is too high since the skills introduced are both elementary and limited. 10e would be a proper price.
The course was short and to the point which helped me understanding the use of punctuations specially Comma and semi colon and different types of sentence structures and variety.
The coure is amazing and really helpful! However, not everybody has Firefox, and it is hard to download on the internet, so they may miss the opportunities to take some quizes.
The course is apt for the people who are adept at speaking and amateur in writing. The course definitely improved the way I frame and put out my sentences for readers to read.
I'm very glad to this course, but I suffered to open the links as I'm a mobile user.I request Coursera to work on that issue;provide the links which can be open in phone,too.
It was well categorized and objectified course with proper assessment test. It was great to interact a few of the people from all over the world. Thank you MOOC and Coursera
A simple introduction to grammar and punctuation that is well laid out and easy to understand. I explored this course as a refresher, and it served that purpose quite well!
This course is very useful as It covers the essentials of English grammar. It's help me out of the explosion of grammar rules by presenting them in a combinatorial manner.
when i started this course , i dont know much about conjuctions,transitions,parallel sentence formation ;however, now i am able to understand those grammer punctuations
This was an excellent review of previous grammar courses I have taken, covering information that will be useful in continuing with the Academic Writing specialization.
Good enough for students who know a little about English writing, but it is a little too easy for international students who have already begun their study in America.
Mostly basic stuff. This is well structured and easy to follow and understand. However, if you are looking for advance grammar and punctuation course, this is not it.
The course didactics it is very good ;however, it is not easy for beginners the exercises are difficult to understand for those who do not have a good english base .
Great class. Some slides show awful colors. I think that could be improved. Also professional transition betwixt slides could give the course a more "polished" look.
one of the most amazing courses as I've learned a lot . I did not face any problems understanding the teacher or the info. Thank you so much for your great efforts.
I was an awesome course. Week 1 and week 2 was the most helpful. But, I found week 3' and week 4's contents to be given more time than it should be actually given.
This course is really useful, clear and well-organized.It is not only teaching me how to use punctuation correctly, also developing my logical thinking in English.
A very good review on punctuation and tense.  However, I think the course is a little too simple.  I hope that the class could cover more grammar topics in depth.
Content in this course is explained very well and gives one the motivation to learn many skills in a very short time. The quizzes are short and easy to complete.
When I studied English, I didn't give too much attention to puntuation, and this course emphasizes on that. Also, it gives you a complete verb tenses' review.
I enjoyed this course. In order to plan the next step, however, I would like to see a video explaining how all the courses in the Specialization fit together.
I have learned a lot with this course! It's like you are really attending a class, and socializing everyday with your classmates. I really had fun. Thank you!
It was useful to identify my mistakes when using grammar. And i love the way of exercises. But sometimes repeating the same thing. totally I love this course
It was a very useful class for me. A lot of topics, in which I was confused, were clarified during the course. However, not all punctuation rules were given.
I am glad to have learn and understood better what was covered in this class. I think there would have been opportunity to explore grammar even more, deeper.
I think for the homework part could be more challenge, and some of the exercise pages could not be opened. Overall, it is a great course, and I recommended.
I decided to enroll in this course, and it has been a great experience. Definitely, this course met my expectations, and set my knowledge to keep learning.
Very simple and easy to follow instructions. The lessons, exercises, and peer reviews are all interesting. I learned so much from this module. Thank you!
Although the course was too easy for my level, I still liked it. The videos were short and relevant, and the instructor knows how to keep you engaged.
It si a great course! The minor comment, combining the subject of variety of sentences with commas and parallel structures could be a bit overloading.
Great course. I definitely learned a lot. If you have a good grasp on grammar, a lot of this should be review. Overall, a lot of useful information.
The course has been very interesting and useful; however, I would have liked that my homeworks were reviewed by both the teacher and the colleagues.
This course is suitable for beginners. So if you want to start writing and do not have skills, Learning the grammar and punctuation is your answer.
It would be better if you leave more space for the student to communicate with each other, by that, we shall create more opportunities to practice.
Great course for english learners who wanna develop their writing and, especially, for those who still have problem with tenses and punctuation use
Punctuation and basic grammar rules were very beneficial, on the other hand, it would be more essay practice on this course Thanks for this course
The course time was entirely good, and i got the correct grammar once I finished the course. It had been always a pleasure with coursera.Thank you
Good one , some parts was even useful for what I was seeking for - IELTS General WritingFlash Practices and in-Video Questions was interesting too
Some types of assignments and quizes are not comfortable to use. But thas is just about technical issues.Educational part of this course in great.
It's a short and concise course for all learners and teachers of the English language. I've recommended it to my fellow ESL instructors.Thank you.
Excellent course! You can make it even better with concise handouts for every lesson which highlights all the main points for personal future use.
I really want to appreciate all the teachers and Coursera management for such a plate form to provide knowledge and enlightenment beyond borders.
Very helpful course. I liked a lot. Although I would prefer for some quizzes not to be locked unless paid.Thank you for sharing your knowledge.E.
The excellent course I ever found to improve your basics in English. thanks to course era and the excellent team member of this particular class
Very helpful for anyone who hasn't done many grammar courses; However, if you are familiar with grammar rules, then this might be rather boring.
I got a chance to know some types of basic rules of grammar which i didn'tknow. The journey was good. You just need to be patient and confident
This is the best course . I have ever seen before.I am very thankful to my professors of this course and also thankful my peers of this course.
Course , that i throughout enjoyed and learned a lot from it. Only thing, I missed was it do not cover all of the topics ,but only few of them.
It is a very complete overview. It is very helpful for reviewing English grammar and punctuation. The additional resources are also very good.
Good course . This course will help you to learned a lot about grammar and punctuation. And also how to use them in a sentence appropriately.
I loved that course. That taught me how to use punctuation correctly and use sentence variety in my essays. I am proud to complete the course
Some practices did not show up on my computer. There needs to be more examples for each point being presented and more additional resources.
I really liked the course. I thought the instructor could have used a little more excitement or enthusiasm in her delivery but that was it .
This was a very good class and helpful. I only had some issues with not being able to see some things on my app like the practice exercises.
It's interesting. I am unsure if the feedbacks that I give or receive is correct. It would be helpful if someone moderates and verifies it.
The course is good, but I think it will be even better if it covers more about the 16 tenses, more punctuation, and capitalization. Thanks!
If you take this course, you will be able to use commas effectively. In addition, you can know the steps when you write an English essay.
I would have bought the course, but it was very expensive for me. Because of this I didn't have acess to all content and I could't enjoy.
Good course. I would have liked to do more practice excersises since it is different to analyse sentences than to write my own sentences.
The course is great and I improved a lot about the gaps in my English knowledge. However, the additional works sometimes don't work well
Of the English grammar courses I've enrolled to, this is the easiest to understand, not to mention enjoyable. Don't hesitate to enroll!
i have learn a lot from this course. i have an excellent experience of this course.really wonderful i don't have words to define it...
The faculty has explained everything clearly, and the preparation quiz had helped me a lot in knowing how much i learned the concept.
Focused too much on commas. Could have incorporated other grammar elements as well. Nevertheless, a very good, easy-to-follow course.
This course helped me review some concepts of writing I totally forgot. It also introduced me to simple ways to improve my writing.
I like the course. It explain a lot of Punctuation, but I rather prefer that the course have more grammar and Punctuation exercises
It was a great experience. Peer feedbacks were great, and I learnt a lot of things. A lot of other grammar doubts got cleared too.
The overall of this course was great ! Just a pity that the practices provided was often cannot be opened and crashed. Thank you !
I like this course very much! It just shares some simple principle,  which I didn't pay much attention before! I did learn a lot!
Generally, the course is very good and was really useful for me. I just expected that it covers the use of all punctuation marks.
The course content is good.  However, I experienced several technical issues and was unable to access the  practice worksheets.
Very good experience and also went through some tough times to get this job done.So i thank you for this wonderful course time.
I LOVE IT ...THIS COURSE HAS HELPED ME A LOT IN MANY WAYS I WOULD LOVE TO THANK COURSERA FOR GIVING ME THIS BIG OPPORTUNITY !!!
Very helpful as introduction and review of punctuation and verbs. Some technical issues appear for the additional exercises :'(
It is OK if you have learnt grammar and punctuation systematically. Quite glad that it solves some of my doubts in punctuation.
After completing this course,i have a good knowledge on the types of sentences.I have learnt a lot from this course.Thank You..
Great syllabus and useful content but unfortunately some links of the exercises were not working. So please check these links.
This was an easy course, the videos are short, but the suggested material helps to remember lots of "easy to forget concepts".
My only complaint about this course is that some exercises are only available for Mozilla firefox. Aside from that, all good.
This course was really great and I learned so much about different types of sentences and where to use commas and where not.
Thanks for setup this course for learning grammar and punctuation,i hope i have learnt some thing which i have not aware of.
It would be grate if they can offer a course about explanation of more English grammar and Tenses (especially Perfect Tense)
Simple, fast-paced and cohesive. If you want to know your shortcomings in writing, this is the course you need to enroll in.
It's really awesome course. At first, I thought I am wasting my time, but it's worthy. And thanks for this dazzling course.
Many of the links in the practice modules did not work. But otherwise, the class is very informative and a great refresher.
Great course to learn about types of verbs, conjunctions, punctuation (commas), sentence varieties and, parallel structure.
Its a very helpful experience. Highly recommended to others who encounter grammatical and punctuation problem occasionally.
Thanks a lot. I learned some solid stuffs that I mistakenly thought I'd known already. A real eye opener. Thanks a zillion.
Altough I have an intermediate level in English, I have learned how to punctuate correctly sentences. Thank you very much.
Very helpful for students who wants write essay very efficiently and to recollect the grammar in a short time.thank you .
I would rather have been reviewed by a teacher than my peers, and get a real feedback.But i have learnt a lot. Thank you.
This is a good refresher on one's grammar and punctuation. It's an absolute bummer that the quizzes are behind a paywall.
It is a good course for polishing skills; however, excludes usage of several other punctuations which are often confused.
Good lesson for me! That's great! I understand about grammar and punctuation. I am improving my skill. Thank you teacher.
It's a good course that help to know verb tense and how to punctuate correctly Thank's for everyone who made this course
This is a good course for improving writing, specially parallel structure and sentence variety improves writing skills.
Great starting point for grammar and punctuation. The teachers point out essential information to understand the rules.
My suggestion is that the sentence structure section should be precedes section involves usage of semicolon and comma.
I think that the instructors should try to be more energetic and be on camera more for more face to face interaction.
Everything is excellente but you should check the complementary links that go up because sometimes they are disabled
The course is a well thought one .The material can be enhanced to accommodate more rules and usages into the course.
I really enjoy practicing with this course. It contains clear explanations and a good variety of practice exercises.
It's a very nice course if you want to correct your English grammar, and you want to punctuate sentences correctly.
It's very interesting course in easy wayBut it's better to get a pdf file containing the the material in the course
The course material and lectures were simple and understandable, but some practice materials do not work properly.
The Course is delivered very well. Also it helps learners to easily get what the exercises and lesson it delivers.
At the beginning it starts a little bit slow, but later on it speeds up and it becomes interesting and educative.
It is a good course to improve your skills ( Grammar and Punctuation). The way that the course use is brilliant.
Cleared the confussion for commas and semicolons.Great course for beginners who want to start exploring writing.
Basic but useful cause. I've learned something new that my Enlish teachers never mentioned back in the college.
It's not content many information, but it's useful, especially about the comma and semicolon usage. Thank you!
I like the explanation of the chapters. However, something else could be used instead or peer-to-peer review.
This served as a good reminder of the basics in English which are easily forgotten and overlooked. Thank you.
Not bad, but I want to more information about tense. i hope the tense course need to put lots of information.
It explains various grammar rules in a very clear and concise manner. Eager to learn more of English grammar.
It is good for people with intermediate people. have many tricks i never know before. i have enjoyed my time
I mostly feel satisify with this course, but actually speaking, it seems that we can add more content in it.
Course structure was really good. It would have been better if there would have been more practice problems.
I had a good experience with this course. It'll be even better if there can be a review plan for the course.
This was a great refresher course for basic grammar. I would love to take the next level up if there is one!
I'm still a little confused on some things, but otherwise great course! I really think I have learned a lot.
I like the course materials, but I think it will be great if there are more practice sentences and quizzes.
I didnt expect the understanding and learning, that I had when I started the course online. Thank you Team.
This course is a good review of what I have learnt before, and it clears out some confusions. Quite useful.
The explanation is simple, so that you can understand the rules of punctuation easily through this course.
This course is very comprehensive, especially if you want to learn where to put commas in your sentences!
The quiz sections was not that much easy, needed some terrible focusing and complete idea on the topics.
Content was very well structured and helpful. However, multiple external practice resources didn't work.
It's a good course, and it has a good structure to push student forward to improve their writing skills.
simple and effective tips on the writing, I have learnt few rules which i can use in my regular writing.
It's a really good course when you are trying to understand more of the grammar and improve your writing
It's a very good course. I suggest everyone to learn from this online course, it's very helpful for me.
Every thing was good ,but I wish if the English teacher corrected my assignment and gave me a feedback.
Very good! But I think it's more suitable for high school students, as the course's content is simple.
It was my first Coursera course. Exceeded my expectations with the way how the lessons were explained.
this is a very good course,
I was able to learn a lot about the sentence structure, and punctuations.
I really like to take this course, but I would have liked to do a reminder at the end of the course.
needs more example's and need to explained it morebut it's great course i know too much thank you <3
Very good course for the beginners,especially those who remind tenses and basic punctuation's rules.
Gives a good review of the most important parts of grammar and commas. I can recommend this course!
This was a really great course to start with, and I would definitely recommend this for beginners.
This course is very effective platform for achieving the skill of creative writing. thank you all.
should provide more practical exercise of writing, not exercise selecting which answer is correct.
It  be shocking what ain'ts leant good, however - and this is true but - this course helps, intit?
It was really helpful. Learned a lot from the course. Mostly, because of the way it was designed.
I wish it was more in-depth at times with some grammar that is slightly relevant with the course.
This was a very helpful One to understand the specific punctuation uses that are very important.
Its a good initiative course if you are looking up for enhancing your article writing abilities.
That was a wonderful experience. Learnt a lot from the course which I had not understood before.
Useful for improvement of grammar and punctuation.Helps in enhancing the skills and usage of it.
the course is pretty good, but the present of the teacher at the moment of corrections is needed
The course is useful especially for individuals who are trying to improve their writing skills.
I liked the practice part, it helped with understanding the videos and clearing any confusion.
The explanations are short and to the point. More practice test would be appreciated, however.
Some very useful points. Would recommend to anyone who struggles in understanding punctuation.
I am not happy with the final quiz because some answers I choose A and it came out showing B.
Great course! However, some of links didn't work (they were reffered to non-existant themes).
It is valuable course you will find the answers of many questions that you are searching for.
This course is fundamental and helps to understand how to constrac a sentence and paragraph.
For me, the topics were short and easy, so I think you should add more items to the course.
I am happy after completing this course. This course has improved my punctuation knowledge.
I would thank the staff of the university for this useful courseand I appreciate your work.
Given a good information about punctuation, and sentence variety. Worth doing this course.
A good experience, and I think if the course will include more content, it will be better.
I think that would be great to have an admin who cheeked our answers to the others peers.
I would love to take the quizzes without an upgrade to see how I have done in my classes.
The course is a very good attempt to assist in building correct sentences in English. I f
Very good course. It helped me revise and learn some correct grammar usage in short time.
Very useful course even for advanced learners. Lectures are also quite objective. Thanks!
The course is really helpful; however, more practicing sessions are need to be included.
The information is great and helpful but it needs repetition and a furthermore practise.
Good course. Learnt a lot of new things in English. Thank you to the course instructor.
Great course. Even as a native english speaker, I picked up lots of useful information.
this course is pretty easy, it is about punctuation and how to use good writing skills.
It was great, helpful and simple. Many thanks to all professors, staff, and classmates.
Good for the basics. Good lesson format. Although, the group component was unnecessary.
Very good, simple, understandable course, for everyone who want to improve his English.
Very good course which teaches many skills in a stipulated amount of time. Must try !!
It had useful hints and refreshed some key subjects. However, it was very basic course
The contents seemed too simple for preparing academic writing; however, it is still va
It is great so far and the way it is outlined, I hope that I get what I need from it.
Hello,  Iam Shirisha from India. From these course I have develop  my lot of skills.
very happy to learn these basics and from now i will try to avoid my small mistakes.
Lectures were quite boring, but contents are helpful for good writing in my opinion.
Clear straightforward review of basic English writing concepts.Very well presented.
This course helps you improve your writing with quite clear grammatical suggestions
I would like to thank the course Instructors, It is really fruitful and enjoyable.
It was a good course but many of the practice exercises do not work on my laptop.
Good for updating you grammar and punctuation skills. Was very helpful reminders.
It is useful to gain basic knowledge about grammar, punctuation and phrase types.
its not as advanced as I thought it will be, but I still learned a lot. Thankyou!
In this course, you can learn how to use a comma correctly. It's easy but useful.
This is a good refresher course, but you will need much more practice afterwards.
I like this course. It was a little hard at first, but then I got the hang of it!
it was really helpful , wish we get report on our submission .thank you so much .
This is a good course of learning tenses especially use of commma as punctuation
not bad, at last I understand how to use the punctuation and grammar in my easy.
It's a good starter course if you are looking to review Grammar and Punctuation.
I'VE already finished this lesson. Frankly, it's simple and easy to understand.
It is really great course for me to recap all English lesson. Thank you so much
This course is extremely useful to use punctuation correctly in essay writing.
This one really good for people, they want to learn how to boost their writing
Thank this course for helping me know clearly how to use puntuation correctly.
Highly recomanded course for those who wants to learn english writing skills.
It was very helpful but I was waiting more than that. Definitely recommended!
This course is a  perfect course only for learning about English Punctuation.
I learned a lot about grammar and punctuation, and I really liked this class.
The part in which we need to review peers assignments is not that efficient.
Good lessons for English beginners, but a little easy for all other students
Could have more exercises for the ones who still is saving up to pay for it.
It was a great refresher course. It was quick and to the point.Thanks a lot.
A very interesting course. It really helps me to improve my writing skills.
It was really interesting, I learned new things and put them into practice.
It's a great course because it aids you to improve your skills in writting.
Good one, if you are confused where to put your commas and to learn tenses.
A good course for starter. Lectures are good, but the quizzes are too easy.
This course has a very good structure and has many useful practice options.
It is a great course for undergraduates and intermediate English learners.
Thank u so much  for this wonderful learning and grammar and punctuation.
this course is effective for me. I learned so many things in this course.
Actually, it was not that much hard but I got to know various new things.
It was good but i was expecting to help me with writing essay or article
I didn't even realize how many mistakes I've made grammatically! Thanks!
The course was fine. It felt more like an ESL course than anything else.
Learning comma rules in writing and correcting mistakes is very useful.
For me, it helps me to improve from my basic to advanced writing skill.
It would be improved if students can have some reviews from the teacher
The course is great but short, I spent two hours to finish this course.
Everything is fine so far, but I'd have had more exercises to work out.
recommend this course for everyone seek improving his skills in english
for those who are weak in grammar, this course will  make them better.
The material of the course is very precise, simplified, and organized.
This course is really very beneficial for good and effective writing.
It was challenging but it did help me improve my grammatical mistakes
Nice lectures and tips to clean your grammar and write better essays.
It was good. I give four stars because it was easier than I expected.
this course was really helpful for my writing skills. thanks for all
The course is very good I must say. But sometimes, it made me bored.
The course is really nice and easy for beginners of English grammar.
I learn a lot from this course, this course is very helpful for me.
Namaste, it is indeed a very effective course. Thank You. Jai Hind.
This course is good can make you understand more about punctuation.
This is an excellent course to review your grammar and punctuation.
Good course in punctuation of sentences and making parallel verbs.
The course could have been more rigorous in its practice sessions.
It is good for beginners. Really helpful for minor understandings
May be you should attach the file of slides. That would be great!
This course is excellent and refresh the grammar and punctuation.
thank you very much. it was useful course. I really learned alot.
There are many exercise, but the page not working in my computer.
very good course and for sure i will use it in my practical life
It is easy for me and too short; although, it is really useful.
A good course that will enhance your skill in English language.
There are some issue with reading materials. Please resolve it.
Some exercises doesn't work, but overall, it was a great class.
It is amazing. It helps me a lot to understand English grammar.
This course is very important for my future.Thank you coursera.
It's a nice platform to learn about grammar and its importance.
One of the best courses to start with learning writing English.
This Course is amazing and I would love to study more about it!
The level of difficulty progressed in a very  sensible manner.
I just only wish the tenses were spoken about more elaborately
Too much comma.. Only the last week is relative to the writing
Comes in very handy when you want to improve you English fast.
Some things were not as clear as I would've liked them to be.
Quick and easy course, and a good recap on my grammar skills!
It is simple and clear to understand for entry-level learner.
this course very help us to improve our essay writing skills
IT WAS A GREAT COURSE. I AM LOOKING FORWARD FOR NEXT COURSE.
Very good course. Short and sweet, it covers the essentials.
It is really helpful to me in knowing the basics of grammar
It's really good. I know so many new things in this course.
Some of the links are broken, otherwise it's a good course.
It's a very good course that have improved my skills a lot.
Yes I really learned something from this course. Thank you!
Good to have a fresh start on learning basic grammar rules
It was really fun learning .I enjoyed it overall.Thankyou.
it was a usefyl cours if you have problem with puctuation.
Thanks to the professor. I learnt grammar and punctuation.
A great way to revise grammar an punctuation from scratch!
Excellent course to brush up your grammar and punctuation.
It is too simple for learners. Maybe it is just an intro.
It' a good course but I wish I could have more exercises.
this course very help me to understand about punctuation.
Helped me use correct punctuation in correct situations.
Good to review some key concepts of the English Grammar.
This course has been very useful and interesting for me.
On week 4 and I have learned quite a few things already!
Could have more content and slightly stronger structure
A great course with a good explanation of the material.
A good and refined course for grammar and punctuation!
There were some technical issues in practice sessions.
Thank you for this cours.I wish i could keep going on.
very good and useful for a starter in academic writing
It is basic knowledge.However,it is useful to writing.
Very clear information and good exercises to practice.
nice, i like  the course. i recommend it to everyone.
This course it is really good really happy .. thanks.
Nothing new for somebody, who studied English before.
Very simple and helpful. Just the perfect mix for me.
It´s clear, useful and not too long. Great course!!!!
The videos were great, and the examples were useful.
It would be nice to have the slides for downloading.
It's fine, but do not explain a little more detaily.
very helpfull course it has for the basic learner 0
This course help me to improve  my skill in English
Basic English, great for beginners, well-explained.
It was a very nice course for basic English grammar
concise and effective starting for academic writing
I had hoped for more interaction with instructors.
It refreshed my basics and learned some new things
Thank you so much. I learnt a lot from this course
It's good but it has some difficult for begginers
I have learned so many new things in this course.
It was a very good course with a lot of examples.
I wish the professor correct the homework for us.
It helped me in improving my sentence structure.
Thank you very much for this course, great job.
I have learned so many thing.Thank you so much.
This lesson is good for my writing and reading!
There are some point that I still can't follow
Awesome and thanks for giving this opportunity
Punctuation overwights grammar in this course.
Very useful and effective in learning english.
very easy to understand and it's very helpful.
Excellent material for improve writing skills!
it's a really good course to revise sentences
Awesome course to refresh your grammar skills
The course was really useful and interesting.
More excercises could serve for more practice
Good content, but without a creative didatic.
nice course for beginners who want to write.
It was a very good course for basic English.
It helps me to improve my punctuation skill.
A good preparation to the following courses.
Good course, easy to understand, and useful.
Simple and Effective, Relevant and Specific.
Well it was a thoroughly streamlined course
Good and informative, also well structured.
good course to learn basic English grammar
It's a good way to start english writing !
You could increase the number of questions
It is very useful english gramma lectures!
There are lots of problems with Flash apps
It is a great courseI have learned a lot .
Provides basic understanding and practice.
Very cool to study the get back to basics!
. Module were small, crisp, and effective.
A good course to brush up on your grammar.
Learned something new, parallel Sentences!
It was a helpful course to learn Grammer.
Good course but a bit confusing sometimes
I really appreciate all this information.
Thanks for providing this usefull course.
it is a simple,fruitful, and great course
material for own training would be useful
this course is very interesting and good.
Please provide few more exercise sheets.
The practice window not always available
Some exercises did not worked in chrome!
Very informative and interesting course.
I wish it was more practice activities.
A little bit easy for college students.
this course give to me much knowledges
This english course is really helpful.
thanks for you for this exiting course
This course is amazing for a begginer.
Good course, cleared lot of concepts.
it's good, educative and interesting.
Now, Some confusion are clear for me.
very useful course for grammarthanks.
it is good course to improve English
The course is nice and recommedable.
The course was extremely well taught
Very useful with the 12 verb tenses!
Good course! help review the basics.
it was a great learning experience.
Very effective and friendly coourse
It was amazing experience to learn.
I think it should be more advanced.
Very well designed for the beginner
I gained a lot of English knowledge
Good Content and Clear explanation.
good,leant tenses and punctuation.
helps build grammar simply love it
The course is very short and easy.
I really enjoy this course.Thanks.
Not very difficult, but essential.
It would be nice to have a forum,
Useful and straight to the point.
very good lectures and practices
I am satisfied with this course.
This course has really helped me
Course was good and professional
Well structured, easy to follow.
it's a good start for beginners.
it's very useful for its purpose
IT WAS REALLY A GOOD EXPERIENCE
Very helpful, clear add simple.
Very fundamental class. Not bad
I enjoyed this lecture. Thanks!
awesome!  I have enjoyed much.
I learned much more. Thank you
Very usefull to write english.
It was really great! Thank you
Thank you, it was very helpful
best short course for grammar
Some links,I can not  get in.
It can be read for just once.
we need to ask the instructor
Enjoying this course so much!
I learned a lot about commas.
good to improve your learning
good course and very helpful
the course syllabus is good.
I find the material helpful.
good to go back to the basic
Great introduction/reminder.
it was easy and interesting
Excellent grammar refresher
This is going great so far!
Thanks a lot.It was helpful
It was brief and relevant!
More exercises are needed.
is too mechanic, but is ok
this is very helpul course
Nice, quick and effective!
A very informative course.
Its a  good start indeed.
A relatively easy course.
It is easy to understand.
Thank you, everyone here
Nice course I will do it
this course is very good
it was wonderful course
Really well put course.
Grammar and punctuation
Great chance to review!
Interactive and helpful
Very good!Thanks all..
learned a lot. thanks.
Well organised course!
Very basic grammar !!!
great topic to discuss
This course was nice.
It is very well-made!
It can be more easier
I enjoyed and learned
very short,but useful
Quality and abstract.
too short, but useful
NICE AND EASY COURSE
Very usefull! Thanks
super and just great
great explanation!!
nice course. thanks
simply and  useful.
It was good only.
Amazing Course !!
It's so helpful.
easy but helpful
relatively easy
Very Help full
Good refresher
pretty good!!!
very useful !
Great! Thanks
Good Class!!!
Thanks!!!!!!
Pretty nice
exighting
Great cou
This is a very useful course even if you are very good in English . This course helps in understanding the type of sentences, proper usage of commas and perfect ways of writing attractive paragraphs.
Hi, Learn the basic of the English grammar and the rules on writing, which so important to writing.   Enjoyed and learn so much that will help overcome fear writing.   Thank You, AgainRobert Perea
A very useful course, specially designed for those who either forgot the grammar or  did not study English grammar properly in the journey of learning English. It is a  path way to good writing skills.
I am very satisfied with this course. It really helped me to improve my writing skills, and I am feeling more confident than I used to be.After this course, I am planning to take up the next one.
This course had an outstanding syllabus and i have learned a lot about punctuation rules and regulations  in English Language; which will excel my capabilities for my future endeavors and study plan.
This Grammar and Punctuation course should be taken by anyone who is interested in professional writings.
This course is absolutely amazing by all means. It has good and specific and accurate information regarding punctuation and grammar in English. The focus and the way the information is presented is excellent too. I have no negative comments for this course. Excellent! 5 stars.
The course is really great and helpful. I really appreciate everything the professors learnt.
The course did not review all basic English grammar but specify tense, sentence type and punctuation. At first, I thought I would have known how to write a appropriate sentence, but only after took this course I find various way to rewrite my sentence in a more correct and natural as native people. I realised some minor mistakes I have always made before and knew  how to fixed it. Now, when it come to writing I feel much more confident. Definitely, I recommend this courses for someone would like to review their grammar, and I will considering studying the next courses about Business writing in this program.
This course is a great little course. I loved the instructor, who I found to be articulate and engaging. I found the guidance on sentence structure and parallel sentences, constructive and beneficial. So, thanks!
A great couse filled with great examples.
i  like this course
I believe this course is simple and straight forward. The learning material is quite good and easy to comprehend. However, I found the topic relating to tenses a bit more confusing. I would request if more practice could be added to the existing list. Also, animating the course materials might add real beauty to the course. I would like to say thanks to all the course instructors, and I am grateful to the experienced faculties for introducing this short English course.
I will recommend every beginner level students, interested to improve their  Academic  English Writing skills, to take this course. There are many cooperative classmates who will review your assignments with constructive information and will help you improve. It helped me a lot and I have decided to enrol for the second course in this specialization.
A very intelligently designed, and exceptionally smart program to train learners on grammar and punctuation. I fully admit this course was far more useful than I had initially thought of it to be the kind of, and never in my wildest dreams did I imagine it would turn out to be this much professionally rich. I’m equipped with a masters degree in English, and have a very valuable experience in teaching high school level & college level students. I wanted to brush up my own academic writing skills so I could guide my students more effectively. I’m so happy I joined this course. I must appreciate the quality of the instructions I watched in videos lectures which all had excellent content and had easy-to-follow examples. Practice exercises before the quizzes and the quizzes themselves were all very smartly designed stuff. I truly believe it couldn’t have been any better. My heart goes out to admiring your efforts. In a nutshell, I had a more than wonderful experience. I now strongly intend to going for the next course. Thanks a million, indeed!    ndFr�
This grammar and punctuation course filled the gaps that I had on punctuation. The structure is very efficient and clear; it was easy to remember the rules and practice them. Though I was skeptical regarding the peer reviews, they proved to be a good instrument. I would like to see more participation of the instructors: for example, proofing the peer reviews. I understand that it would increase the cost of the course, though. In addition, I feel like we didn't learn all punctuation cases. I haven't seen anything about the colon or dash uses, not even mentioning the direct speech. However, in spite of said above, I would highly recommend the course to those who would like to know or revisit the punctuation basics. I will definitely look at the other courses by UCI Irvine
I've learned so much in such a small time in this Grammar and Punctuation course, that I'm still processing it in my mind! The videos and texts are concise and creative. It facilitated my understanding of the words, since English is not my first language. Through the exercises and extra resources, I practiced a lot. Here are some of the things that I studied: simple, compound and complex sentences; dependent and independent clauses; comma and semicolon; transition words and adverbial phrases; introductory and interrupting phrases; parallel sentences; variety of sentences. Thanks to the instructor Tami Chapman, she is the best!
What an amazing course, I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking to improve their writing skills. This course will not only enhance your written communication but also will boost your confidence. In order to do best in verbs, punctuation, and sentences, you can enroll in this course blindly.Subsequently, individuals have to complete the assignments, which are part of the curriculum, with full dedication, and they have to spend some time on a regular basis to get the best out of this course. I wish all the best to everyone for their future endeavors.PS-If any mistakes in the above sentences, please let me know.
this course has helped me a lot before joined this course I didn't know how to use comma but after this course, I can understand how to use conjugation.
This course was very helpful. It refreshed my memories and made me go back to so many things I thought I would never remember. It  helped my writing skills a lot to. A big thank you to the instructors.
I highly recommend this course. This paves the way to keep a note higher in my English skills  particularly in grammar and punctuation. What a remarkable experience ! You will definitely learn a lot .
This course is AMAZING! I learned subjects I had never heard of in other courses and today I can write essays with the correct grammar. I want to finish all the blocks of the course to become a writing expert. It was worth every minute dedicated to this course. There are excellent teachers and there are several examples and exercises to do you understand the subject discussed.
This was a great introductory or refresher course for English grammar and punctuation. As a native English-speaker, there are things I knew intuitively, but I did not understand the rules. This course increased my confidence as I am not able to identify verb tenses, use current punctuation in my sentences, and construct parallel sentences. It has improved my writing skills.
Absolutely brilliant. I really recommend this course if you need to brush up on your grammar and punctuation.  I didn't study grammar at school, (many years ago) as it wasn't in the curriculum, however, this is an informative and yet interesting way to learn.  The course provides you with videos, quizzes, and tests which help to embed the learning at your own pace.
Excellent course. However, I suggest having mentors to answer questions through the course in a forum because students are not able to answer all confusing points themselves. In addition, in the practice exercises, it is better to add an explanation to clarify why one result is right and why another one is wrong. Thank you. .
It is very helpful  to both  the teachers and the students as they  have been in the process of learning. The beauty lies in the style  of imparting which  is clear and lucid. It motivates the  teachers to adopt it readily. Similarly, it makes the learning of students easy. The course designers and instructors have indeed done a marvellous job. Today those who are in the  field  of teaching  should be innovators looking for creative ideas, new approaches and methods . Here I found in your course a scientific way of teaching supported by  great research . This course will really make a great difference in teachers and students. After this course, they will start  looking  at this language differently. When they use this language either in writing or in speech,  they will use comma and semi colon at proper places which makes thier more  sensible. My son suggested  these courses to me,  and  I got 100% in my second course. Thanks to coursera.
This course is meaningful for those people who are not native speakers, which can help them to review the details like the correct usage of commas. Thanks a lot for this course.At the same time, I think that it can be better if those Peer-graded Assignment and exams can be designed to be more ingenious. For example, correcting wrong sentences may be more effective than just writing some ones. In this way, teachers can use some typical examples and let students look for mistakes and correct them in a variety of ways. After that, peers can communicate in different ways and they may learn more about "Grammar and Punctuation". From my perspective, simply asking students to make a few different types of sentences does not help them understand the grammar better.
This course enables you to overcome a lot of minor and major grammatical errors which we usually do in our life. I am happy that I decided to take this course for revising my present knowledge of the English language and for learning something new such as Parallel Structure and Sentence Variety, as well. The contents and the study materials that have been provided in this course is very informative, brief, and simple so that anyone, who knows little bits of English, can easily understand it.Thank you for creating such an informational and worthy contents here!
The course help me under standing review helps with writing skill. I am a noob in this web site and this course too. I hope in the future that I master writing as well with the English grammar. My communication required grammar so the listener would understand me saying. Writing is more different than talking because you can see what you wrote. Right now my first lesson is introducing and review other which I don't know the finishing line. Probably two hour long. This course would teach you punctuation and maybe all writing skill to be a writer.
I enjoyed this course very much. Going into this course, my goal was to review English grammar and improve my writing. After finishing it, I feel like I accomplished that goal. I enjoyed concise and clear style of the videos and clarity of examples given in them. Assignments and exercises, although challenging at times, were of comfortable length and fun to do. Personally, this course helped me to become aware of the sentences I write, and gave me the tools to revise and edit my writings more efficiently on my own.
For me, this training
course has clarified that how to use correct verb tenses, correct punctuation,
good parallel structure, and good sentence variety ,better than before. Really participated in this session makes significant impact in my writing skills. In addition,
driven by an awesome constriction of the lesson modules  and excellent explanation of
the instructor, I have became very passionate to enrolling in any advance classes. thank you very much for making education available for people across the world.
This course was wonderful. 
I learned new things about grammar and punctuation I don't recall
learning in grade school while blending and improving my known knowledge. A tip
for those thinking of just enrolling in one or two random courses of the five specialized
courses, enroll in all.  It is worth it
even if you think you know. For instance, some of the papers in Advance Writing
expect you to know some of the previous courses info and that could lead to
some misunderstandings or struggles on quiz/peer reviews.
I really enjoyed this course! It was a lovely, concise, quick summary of the skills I wanted to get up to speed on. I already knew grammar rules intuitively but needed to revisit how to formulate and provide rationales for my choices, particularly when I work with students. This course fit the bill entirely. It also helped me to tweak some things that had fallen into disrepair. I'm looking forward to the next course in your series on academic writing. Thank you for the excellent instruction and format.
I would Like to say that this course has been amazing. I have learned things that I thought I knew but I did not actually know. I have learned a lot about all different kinds of sentences and how many there are. I learned about punctuation. I was able to properly teach my kids how to do their writing and what they are doing wrong. I still need to work on these skills some more. But without this class I would not have gained the knowledge that I know now. Thank you very much. this was amazing!!
First of all, I am very thankful to the Coursera team and the University of Colombia that they give me financial aid. Due to the financial aid that I received from the Coursera, I was able to learn a new skill that I wanted to learn for so long. This course is quite good and I learned many new things in this course. I requested to the Team Coursera and the University of Colombia that they give me aid for their next course so that I can learn the new skill fully.
With instructors delineated; easy to understand and well-designed lectures and numerous learning resources, from the very beginning till the end of the course I was able to learn a lot of things; moreover, I interacted with a very active and curious peer group, sometimes they corrected my errors and sometimes I did the same for them. looking forward to learning new things from this engaging website and to implement them in my life. Lastly thank you, Coursera.
This course is beneficial for a person who wants to write well or to pursue career in writing. The teacher is very good. The course is very informative and productive. She prepared the course very well. Assignments and exercises will help you to learn things easily.  Each and every second of lecture is worth to listen and they are very precise also. The professor has provided useful material which you can read later. I'm so glad that I took this course.
In this course, I've learnt many things, which will be very useful, if not essential, when I'll have to do the writing part in my exams. Learning how to punctuate correctly is the key to succeed in the accademic world, so it worth the effort doing this course; besides, it isn't so long, so you can easily go through it and, therefore, learn at you leisure. In conclusion, I would recommend it, and you can take this review as an example of its usefulness.
It was a wonderful course. I not only enjoyed the course but also learned a lot. There are a few suggestions I would like to make:1. Instead of using green or red color for correct or incorrect, please design tick for correct and cross for incorrect.2. Quizzes don't have any explanation for their answers. I would be very beneficial for students if the correct version of the answers is also provided, which will help to clarify any misconception.
This course was sweet and sour for me. It was sour, because, after each lesson, I came to know how shallow my skills were in English. On the other hand, it was sweet, as it guided me to overcome my mistakes in a non-intimidating way. Sometime I felt like, this course understands me very well. The lessons were well organized. And, there were additional materials after each lesson; they were instrumental for learning.
This course was really awesome. This course cleared my lots of confusions like how to join sentences and that would be helpful for me in my academic life. But it creates lots of confusions that generates interest to take another course. The teaching style and presentations of Instructors of this course are really awesome. I enjoyed the course very much. Thanks to my lovely instructors and Coursera for this course.
Most of the people for whom English is secondary language and are working in academia, writing a standard article whether it's a research article or usual report is a tough job. This course which is a part of a specialization course: Academic English writing starts at a very sweet introductory topic punctuation. Believe me, after attending this course you will surely see the drastic changes in your writing style.
it was very interesting course, I learn ,briefly , the verb tenses and some comparative  between the similar ones. Also I learned how to form a compound and complex sentences by adding conjunctions and transitions. Finally, I learned about how to make the parallel sentences when we use the conjunction and transitions; In addition, I learned how to variate my sentences to avoid repetition and write good essays.
This Course has been really Amazing. I enjoyed it and I learnt something new and as for the Grammer section, there were things that I've forgotten but that I've been thought. but as a result of taking these classes it has rekindled in my spirit and has even given me a deeper understanding. Thank You, Coursera for this Great Opportunity to learn on your platform. I really appreciate it.Respect!!!
Thank you for all the information in this course. This is the first time that I clearly understand what is compound sentence and how to use comma. Even though I am still not perfectly flexible in controlling my sentence, I believe I have already improved a lot than my past.  At the same time, reviewing peers' work is an extremely helpful way to test what I learnt and help to strengthen my study.
The course was fantastic. Even though it seems simple and clear, but it includes all the essential elements in writing which I always have not paid too much attention to that. A perfect review on verb tenses, different types of all conjunctions, correct uses of punctuation, and a variety of sentence structures make the course unique and useful for everybody who wants to start academic writing.
i would have liked to have received feedback not only from the other students but also from the teachers , but in my opinion the explanations were clear, the activities were easy to comprehend, and the comments i was able to make on the classmates works helped me to understand better what i was doing, and not just because the way i was writing felt right. overall it was a good experience
This course was very helpful and beneficial. I've required a lot of important skills and knowledge that can help me produce correct and effective writings. I strongly recommend this course for anyone who'd like to improve their writing skills. In addition, I found the practice exercises were very related to the course material and very helpful to clarify what you've learned. Thank you.
I have learned English for a while, but the learning process was not systmatical, and the courses was not taught by native speakers. By learning this course from Coursera, I knew both how to use comma and how to puncuate the sentence.  Besides, my classmates were very friendly since they review my practices very patiently.
I like this course, BIG thanks for teachers and classmates.
This is an amazing course and I am going to take the next one in the same specialization. Through this course, I have learned four types of sentences, which helps us to have more varieties of paragraphs. Also, I have learned parallel structure and, basically, the formal use of punctuation. I believe that it is a lovely start and I will do better in my writing. Thanks a lot!
Excellent course! This really helped me professionally since I teach business English globally online to professionals and managers with multinational corporations. This course was a major asset for my professional development regimen, along with the other UC Irvine related course. Videos, quizzes and exercises are interactive and ideal for learning! Thank you!
It may sound ridiculous, but it is reaaly difficult in Russia to find out about English punctuation, so this course was very useful for me as a teacher. It allows me not only to improve my writing but also to develop my professional skills. I hope, it will help me to teach my students better.Thaks a lot for this course and specialization!All the best,Anastasia
It was really helpful foe me. The skills I learned from this course was identify adverb clauses and punctuate them correctly, identify compound sentences and punctuate them correctly, identify and using sentences variety in writing. Also, I learned about parallel structure and how to use them in my writing.  I will recommend this course for other student.
This course teach us many grammar rules which we haven't learned ever. One of those rules is punctuation. After completing this course, you will be able to not only write English sentences better but also understand documents written in English easily. This course is definitely useful for everyone who know the grammar well but cannot write sentences well.
This is an excellent refresher course to brush up on grammar and punctuation. Prior to taking this course, I was an overzealous user of commas. Now, I know when to use certain punctuation and how to explain it to others. I definitely recommend this course for anyone wanting to revise English grammar and punctuation for the purpose of teaching or tutoring.
Without a doubt, It is an excellent course. Although I have done several courses on different platforms, I didn't learn enough about writing skills. Luckily, I found this course on Coursera, which is help me a lot to improve my writing skills. I am very happy to learn from this course, and I really thankful to the instructor. She is a fantastic teacher.
It was really helpful!According to an IELTS, I had an Upper-Intermediate level of English. So, I've decided to take some classes to fill my blank spots in grammar and punctuation, and I couldn't find better way to do it. I highly recommend this course to everyone who has any problems with the understanding way the punctuation works. Thank you, Coursera!
I strongly recommend this basic course to everyone who wants to improve his/her writing skills in English. The course content is beautifully and easily designed that will motivate you to move forward through the course. Therefore, I was able to complete this course one week before its scheduled time. Thanks to Coursera and thanks to the course makers.
The course was very helpful. At first, I was skeptical on what I could learn from it since, in general, I feel confident with my English level, and the program seemed rather simple. However, upon completion of the course, I believe I've learned quite a few things on how to structure my writing in a correct way, which in turns makes it more efficient.
This course is engaging, fun, and very informative.  I would suggest everyone should take it even if English is your native tongue. It will help you understand how and why our sentences are structure and deeper understand of the language.  I am thoroughly enjoying this course.  I really enjoy interacting with the other students that is most fun!
Firs of all, I have to thank coursera for get this practicing. It was smooth and flexible with my work and time. Another cause of this high rate, is the way of lectures presentation which they are given simply. Coursera helped me not only have new tips, but also order my adeas and study plans. Best Regards,                         Hiba AL-Faili
I enrolled in this course to fine tune my writing skills for work. I enjoyed this course because I was able to unlearn some bad habits and simple mistakes. The lessons are simple and move at an even pace. If you are a native English Speaker, some of the lessons will be easy for you. In my personal opinion, this course was a great refresher.
Excellent course. Very complete and clear explanations. I believe that you should have a very high level of English and know certain rules as regards punctuation precisely. Otherwise, it can be very challenging. Still, if you are passionate about the English language, I would say it is one of the best courses to polish your writing skills.
I have got some new experience about grammar specially on Simple,Complex and  compound sentences.On the other hand I have gather some knowledge on punctuation.Overall I enjoyed all of those lesson,practice section,Quiz section,Videos and so on.Thanks Coursera to give chance in your platform to do that type of valuable and effective course.
Its a very good course for me .I like this course. I learn so many ideas and information about writing skills.I never spend long time on computer , but when I use this course I almost forgot about time . After finished this course , I understand so many topics like; types of sentences, about using commas, clauses, and parallel structure.
This course is awesome. I have learnt a lot from this course. This course has highlighted some important aspects in writing  such as verb tenses, complex and compound sentences, conjunctions, parallel structure, and sentences variety;nevertheless, the videos were all helpful. Thank you very much to University of California and Coursera.
I am Brazilian, and I have been studying English since 2011 as a second language. So far, I have not found I course like Grammar and Punctuation. What makes the difference is that it explains the content in a simple way so that students can learn easily. Besides, I learned things on the lecture videos that I had not learned until then.
Actually, It's difficult  for me to finish even one course in Coursera because I'm lock of good quality of persistence of doing something. By the way, I am so happy and grateful for my accomplishment and insistence, and I am so proud and cherish for I could have a such opportunity to take this lessen . Thanks all of you teachers here.
This course taught me about how to correctly use tenses and punctuations. I like how they have provided many the outlink resources for futher practicing. I would recommend this course to anyone who has their basics in English grammar because studying these things again is good for revising some knowledges that you may have forgotten.
The grammar and punctuation course was a learning experience for me not only I enjoyed it but also I learned a variety of concepts for an effective English writing ;yet, it's still the beginning,you will learn about the exact situation where to put the commas and many different rules don't miss it.I guarantee you,you won't regret.
I loved this course because it was very thorough, and took a very complicated and confusing subject and made it easy to learn.  I thought I was a champ at grammar and punctuation, but I soon realized that there were more options and rules that I did not know.  The examples given were really good to use as reference in the future.
First, I thought I wasn't going to get anything out of this course. But then I realized my writing had improved after finishing this course, I was really suprised to see that . Thank you for all your effort in making this course possible.I look forward to taking some of other courses in the same specialization. Thank you again!
I am really thankful to Coursera and Irwin university for organizing such a course which gave deep knowledge in using punctuations and helped me improve my essay writing skills. As I'm going to join my college, I hope the tips that this course provided will me go ahead. My gratitude is beyond words. I had a fruitful time here.
I loved the course. It contains a very detailed description of grammar and provides assignments to keep a check on our learning process.  Moreover, I also found the reviewing part very interesting as it helps to connect to our peers and examine self-progress.  Overall,  a great course to develop one's grammar and punctuation.
I'm very satisfied with the course, learned new ways of carrying good writing, the times of each prayer and the structures, they handle the material given and the participation of other students at the world level very well. thank you very much for the opportunity you give us for these courses and that we can learn much more.
There were couple of things I was always confused during the sentence making. After this course, I was able to use interrupting phrase, transition words, parallel structure, and sentence variety much better. Grammar and Punctuation is a great course for people who need a quick refreshing of the grammar and punctuation rules.
This course is really helpful to me in writing research papers. I really like the of explanation of topics in in this course from UCI  as they are short videos, but very informative.I personally feel it is the one of the best way of teaching. Thank you very much for giving this opportunity.Keep going and continue good work.
This is the best course I have ever learned before, so I would like to learn more courses. It is heaven for a student like me, who lives in a far place, and where is not a good English environment. For my side, I advise you to add more examples in the video lecture, and I have found some exercises not opened correctly.
I give 5 stars to this course because the materials of this course are very basic but very important, Such as Verb tense and Punctuation which I did not full understand in the past. But now, after finishing this course, I am more confidant about my writing. Thanks to the teacher and my classmates, you help me a lot !!
As a college level academic English teacher, I've learned quite a lot from Tamy's lessons. Tamy's instructions are very clear, systematic, and effective. This course can be a very valuable supplementary resource for EAP students' self-study. I will definitely recommend this course to my students. Thank you very much.
This course  has taught me a lot of reminding about what I have already learned but have forgotten about them and served to validate them again. Excellent on line course and FREE AT THAT.  Can't get a better deal than that.  Congratulations to those involved in putting up on line such very informative and fun course.
First of all, thanks to the Coursera Team and the University
of California, Irvine, for offering us such a great learning opportunity. This
course not only equipped my thoughts but my fingers, as well. Furthermore, the
course enhanced my writing skills, with perfect usage of commas along with
sentence variety.Thanks
I really enjoyed revising things that I already knew and learning new stuffs for improving my writing skills. What I liked the most about the course is, it talks, straight away, about the required things without entering too much into the complex rules of grammar and punctuation. I look forward to take more courses.
I would definitely recommend this course to a beginner .I really gained a lot of knowledge on grammar and punctuation.One must keep a book and pen handy because it's worth jotting down all the points explained here.I thank all the instructors and also thank the team members those worked behind the scenes.-THANK YOU
I have learned English as a second language. Being non-native to English, I have many areas to improve. Academic Writing is an important skill for anyone who wants to make use of this language at a professional level. This course has helped me explore the techniques and areas which shall always remain useful to me.
This is a very comprehensive and useful course. Since this is a beginners course, the difficulty levels have been maintained accordingly. I have personally found it very useful to improve upon my punctuation and sentence formation, in general. Well designed and well structured. Highly recommended for the beginners.
This is the first course that I have finished in Coursera, and I am very impressed at the way you made this course engaging. I never felt boring and the exercises never got too challenging to lose interest. I wish all of the exercises were graded. But the ones that opened in a new window were good but not graded.
I learned and Revised a lot of topics that I did in my school and I would like to continue to the next stage of the course to completely furnish my writing skills. I would recommend to social sciences undergraduates because there is a lot of writing that goes into accomplishing the assignments we have. Thank You!
This course is  very good for people that their English needs some correction  ,it makes you think correctly about writing and also helps you in structure of phrases and punctuation. I like the way that the course was done ,thanks to all of the team (University of California, Irvine) ,you are doing a great work.
I like it. I would like you to set up better the course for people who is not signed into the certification because the plastform is still saying the I haven't completed this course but I have. It is just because I didnt write the questionarie of the end of each lesson because I have not paid for it. Thank you.
I've learned how to use commas and make diverse sentence structures perfectly!  They offer high-quality lectures with comprehensive materials. I highly recommend it especially for students who is working on essays or documents to get into a college; also, it helps you to remind about how to punctuate correctly.
I'm really glad that I've taken this course, as I have learned a lot about English punctuation. This topic was mostly ignored during my studies previously, so now thanks to this course I feel much more confident in my writing skills. I really hope now I will be able to pass my IELTS Writing with a high score.
It's a very helpful course to understand the correct uses of tenses and commas, I learned a lot of new things. The skills you will learn through this course will, surely, help you in improving your writing skills. I would recommend it to the beginners and to those who needs a polish in their writing skills.
It is a great course! Personally, it has been very helpful to build a good foundation in English writing. Even though I took similar classes back in school, this course is the most effective one by far. I feel more confident to continue taking advanced writing course; moreover, writing seems less stressful.
This is a really great course. It takes you, to dig a little bit more into the, English Grammar & Punctuation concepts,  which many of us learned in the school level. The Quizzes are really interesting and require a lot of your focus & memory, thus they are lot of fun. Great course,enjoyed it, thorough! :)
That was an excellent course. Though I had learnt my grammar while in school, I had never learnt how to use it properly. I just went by the feel and made my sentences based on whether they sounded right or not. This course gave me insight on what was actually happening while writing a sentence. Thank you.
To be honest, this was the very first course I have accomplished on Coursera.This was simply amazing! I express my utter thankfulness to the Almighty, the instructors, my university and Coursera.Give it  a try, you won't regret. Have learnt several things which I was confused about.Thank you very much.
It is a great course. Highly recommended. I learned to differentiate verb tenses easily. Also, the lectures on sentence types and sentence variety were helpful. The parallel structure module was interesting and challenging. Finally, I loved the steps the professor suggested to start writing an essay.
This course really boost my confidence. I am really thankful to my Professor Tamy Chapman for the wonderful lecture. The study materials and the lecture classes helps me to practice further. Once again thank you very much to my professor and the entire team behind the scene for this wonderful course.
I feel this course has been specially designed for people like me who need to revive their knowledge of Grammar within little available time. Presentation of the course is concise and well-structured. Short quiz are taken at right time to reinforce the concepts. Discussions with peers are engaging.
This course is very helpful in learning and reviewing English grammar. I have learned about simple, compound, and complex sentences. I have, also, learned about conjunctions and transitions and parallel structure in English sentences. Furthermore, the course taught about the sentence variety, too.
This is an excellent course of study for anyone in college and online bloggers. I wish you this class was offered to bloggers on the Wordpress site. Many of the blogger do not use any form of editing program to correct their mistakes. I would recommend offering this class to all blogging sites.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course because I've learned so much about writing in a just 4 weeks. The lessons were very clearly explained so there was no need for confusion.  I would recommend this course ,not just to college students, but to anyone in need of brushing up on there writing skills.
Excellent refresher or reminder course! Activities are genuine and realistic with a bit of challenge, unlike some other courses on other websites that provide the answers. Instructor is pleasant, though a bit assuming, at times. Take this course whether you've grown up speaking english or not.
Actually it was difficult for me. The English Grammar not like Russian, I did many mistakes, but I worked hardly and I was concentrate on that. I was my  the 1st time online course in my life. I  am very happy and proude that I passed this an interesting course. Thanks a lot for Grammar Team!
Dear Coursera community,I am writing to thank you about this lovely course that I have just finished. When I started this course I had a plan to work on certain ideas to improve my writing skill, and it was all covered through this great course.Thank you so much.Regards,Muhamad Hisham Wafaee
This is a very good course to revise one's knowledge on grammar and punctuation. it covers significant portions of grammar and punctuation in a simple way with lots of examples. Even if one knows the language, this course helps in going through grammar to recollect what all learned earlier.
I am so thankful to the coursera for offering this course. Especially, I am indebted to the coursera, because they helped me by sanctioning  financial aid. I learned several fundamental aspects in this course, like about tenses, proper punctuation, and about usage of parallel structure etc.
The course is very well designed with practices and quiz for the learners to check their knowledge. The forum also offers a very good platform for us as students to discuss about out confusions and share and evaluate some of our learning results. I benefited quite much from the course.
It was simply Brilliant. Every video lecture was not only easily understandable but also entertaining because of examples; however, there was some technical issues in practice exercises because they needed heavy internet to run, but at the end it was so far best online course for me.
I am really grateful to the Coursera team. without your financial aid, it was not possible for me to complete this fruitful course. I will prefer my folks and friends to do this course. thank you for this wonderful course. hope, I can confidently write my English without hesitation.
I haven't purchased the course itself, but as a free course to learn grammar and punctuation, it is great. It is the best of its kind. Though it was not as extensive as I would have liked, it covers all the essential grammar rules that anyone needs to get started with essay writing.
I loved this course an the instructor. I got my confidence back on my grammar and punctuation, however, need more practice to reach the perfection of my writing. The flexibility to take the courses for free of charge is very much appreciated. Thank you Tamy and UCI for your effort!
This is really helpful course. If you have already some knowledge on grammar and punctuation, but you are not sure about it yourself, you should take this course. You will have more confidence when you write in English. 
Thank Coursera for this course. I really enjoyed the course.
If you are longing for an excellent English Course, I prefer you enrolling in this Grammar and Punctuation course. It is helpful and provides detailed explanation with numerous exercises that would help build you up to the level at which you anticipate to speak and write English.
I'm not a native-speaker but a person who loves learning. I'm going to learn throughout my life. I want also to broaden my English skills in every aspect. I recommend this course for people who don't want to spend tons of dollars for fancy courses, reserved only for high-class :D
The course notes and videos are concise. They are extremely helpful in setting fundamental skills besides correcting misconceptions I had about punctuation and usage of commons in writing before. Thank you very much for the efforts the coordinator and the team had made thus far.
Hi, everyone. This is the best course I ever read in my life because it has the best contents with the best instructors. I am thankful to UCI and Coursera team for providing such a great opportunity. A special thanks to Maam Tamy Chapman for making the most difficult parts easy.
Starting with the training of basic and important grammar and punctuation knowledge, this course literally make us prepared for the following essay-writing courses. The professor elaborate every and each grammar through numberous examples, which is more than easy to understand.
Even if you are fluent a review is always helpful to remind you why things are done a certain way.  If you are not rusty, it should take you no time to finish.  But if you are rusty in some area, and just don't realize it, this will point to where the problem may be and fix it.
I enjoyed this course, as it gradually leads you through the core issues of the grammar and punctuation. Every subject of the course is clearly explained, and, what I personally appreciate, there is enough guided practice to check on the understanding of the matter. Thank you!
Not only was this course extremely helpful, it was also quite enjoyable.  The lectures are well structured, the quizzes fair, and the peer assignments fun. So, if you think you could use either an introduction or a refresher, go ahead and take the course. You won't regret it!
Thanks university of California for this course. I had learned much stuff about Grammar and Punctuation rules, and different types of sentences in English. This course helps me to correct my mistakes about tenses. Now it’s time to dive into the next course. Highly recommend.
This course was really helpful and did refresh my rusty grammar. The lectures were ordered so perfectly that most of the learning process was passive. I assuredly suggest taking this course because it is a perfect blend of simplicity, conciseness, concinnity, and usefulness.
I loved this course! All the videos and exercises are clear and understandable! I learned more than I was expecting. I had to take a grammar class at my college last year and this course taught me more than that class at the college. I am really grateful for this material.
I really loved this course! It's not difficult and the lessons effectively refreshed what I have learned back in grade school. The modules aren't boring and I was so into it that I finished everything (from week 1 to week 4) in just one day. Thank you for this experience!
Amazing! Can't believe that an online course could offer such detailed lectures and progress tracking experience. I put in everything and earned my first certificate on Coursera within three days. Thanks to the lock down and the friendly learning environment offered here.
I loved this course for its simplicity, precision, style of teaching and the variety of practice questions plus quizzes. It kept me on my toes, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It is ideal for anyone wanting to learn basic English Grammar or anyone needing a quick refresher.
Really worth giving course! I was not so confident about benefits of this course but ,at the end of the course, i have learnt many rules of punctuations and tenses and parallelism of clauses. I recommend all participants of coursera to join this course. Happy learning.
If you are interested in making essays, it will be the best course you´d ever take. It has the main rules of writing. By the way, the better English level you have, the more advantage you will get for it. So it is better if you maybe have an intermediate level or more.
Loved the course.  It enlighten me on both grammar and punctuation that was not conveyed clearly at school as a student growing up.  I love the English language and would love to write a book someday.  I am happy to gain this knowledge through this course.  Keep it up.
Very good short course for both beginners and also those who have learnt English for a long time. The materials and instructors are very good, very easy to understand and to me personally, they are all good reminders of common mistakes which we tend to make everyday!
in my view, this course is very useful for those, who is non-native English speaker, want to use English language precisely and professtionally. It helps me learn more details about many correct way using different tense structures, sentense variety and punctuation.
This course introduced me to a lot of things that didn't know how to put to words such as parallel structures and sentence variety. Also, I am now able to identify when to punctuate and when to not. A BIG thank you to all who curated this course! Thank you so much!
This course is very good in reviewing your grammar and punctuation. The instructors explained the rules of academic writing in details. I recommend to take this class whether you want to improve your writing skill or you are a absolute beginner in academic writing.
"Coursera is a great platform for education purposes"
Coursera's courses are extremely good. They are well designed and being a full employee I really appreciate the fact of how well they are designed. They are very up-to-date in topics of interest and new courses.
This is a amazing course, especially, who are struggling in academic essay writing like me.After I completed this course, I increased interest and confidence in academic writing.Finally, I felt relief because I realized this course help me a lot.Thank you coursera.
I found this course practical and straightforward. After I took the pretest, I found that the contents were targeted towards me. I would recommend this course to anyone who would like to know some rules and structure to improve the professionalism of their writing.
Such a beautiful and Knowledgeable course I have been completed now. This course brings me a lot of knowledge about Punctuation, Use of comma, Parallel structure and adverbial clause etc. So anyone can learn a vast knowledge about this topic by taking this course.
I loved the way the exercises work, especially the interaction with other students.And also, the topics they manage are really helpful, and the way they explain them, with keywords, are really useful in practice.Love it, will make the next specialization course =D
I have benefited a lot during this course .For example , I've learned many grammar and punctuation rules which help me to promote and develop my writing skills.Therefore , I recommend strongly taking this course for who want to be professional in writing English.
In this course, you can learn basic elements of writing. Basic as it is, the knowledge is very important because we always make mistakes in these trivial things. Therefore, I think it is very necessary to take the first course in order to avoid future mistakes.
I was never strong with English, but now I am finding that the importance of this subject is forcing me to take the time to become stronger at it.  This particular course is well put together, and is helping me advance and practice my English technical skills.
It is quite a productive and efficient course. I have never seen a lecture focusing on punctuation like this before, and I am impressed with the way to reconsider punctuations, conjunctions, and sentence varieties; thus, I became confident to revise an essay.
Grammar and Punctuation online course from Coursera helped me a lot; and the fact that you can immediately upload, update your CV or even print it the certificate.  I have become more productive at home and for sure will be able to apply my learnings at work.
This course's content and delivery are excellent. This gave proper understanding of grammar and punctuation usage. Many a times, I used to believe, I properly use punctuation, but this course set the scores right.Thanks a lot for such an extraordinary course.
I have had the opportunity to enrolled in some English-speaking Courses, but this has been the master of them all. The lessons are so simplified, making it accessible for a even, a lay man. Thanks to the developer of the course, I'm learning in a great deal.
I was in school so long ago it seems like I've forgotten what conjunctions, tenses and clause are I now feel after taking this course I have a better grasp when writing. I actually am feeling proud of myself. Thank you for giving me confidence in this area.
Very easy to follow. Videos are short but at the same time they deliver the perfect amount of information you need in order to proceed with no further problems. I loved how we review other students projects, the helps everyone to learn and succeed in class.
Excellent introductory course making grammar easy to understand. It has the same problem with the peer review assignments all courses have. There is no recourse when someone reviews your work incorrectly or unfairly. Still, I highly recommend this course.
This was a very valuable course for me to sharpen my English fluency. The entire course consisted of many learning resources which were very helpful for the learning process and for additional knowledge. Thank you very much UCA for this wonderful course.
As alwaya, coursera provides us with the best courses. Before I had taken this course, I did't know how to properly use comas in English. I always wanted it, but I lacked neither passion nor time. Finally, I accomlished this goal. Thanks for the course!!
Simple: Thank you for your effort. Compound : From now, I will observe when ever i read books, paper, or blog, and i will daily practice writing. Complex : Because the Instructor made the content structure vey well, made me easy to follow and understand.
I recommend studying in this course. The grammar topics we are struggling with in English are very easy and quick to explain. I am happy to have studied in this course. I think I can easily apply the knowledge I have gained from this course in practice.
It was definitely a refresher course. Well explained and to the point, and it certainly cleared up the small doubts I have any time I'm writing. I would recommend this to anyone, whether English is their first language or not, just to revise the basics.
It's an excellent chance to be a one who is learned  this course with a simple explanations, also I learned and revised most of the topics that I learned before but I don't remember them clearly.I'm interested to continue with the coming courses.thanks.
Thank you for organizing such an interesting and important course. Here are being shared significant materials and tests for revision grammar tenses, usage of correct punctuation in four types of sentences and creation of sentence variety.  Good luck!
I simply loved the methodology of this course. Being my first self-paced course with lots of quizzes and assignments and participation, I thoroughly enjoyed the challenges it posed to learn new skills. I have recommended lots of friends to join this.
the lectures on the use of punctuation are quite easy to comprehend. also the practice parts are really helpful to learn the use of punctuation. whereas, grammar part was more like revision of the basic concepts to get started with punctuation part.
This course gives you an overview of English tenses and how to use them properly. And as the name suggests, it teaches you how to punctuate sentences correctly. Also, You will practice a lot of what have learned as you go along. It is a nice course.
I have learned a lot from this opportunity given to me. I must commend the lecturers in the video produced. Well done. Now, I was able to grasp and clearly teach students with the knowledge I have caught from this course. THANK YOU AND MORE POWERS.
Thank you very much for creating this course! It has given me such more knowledge in writing. Simple language, that is easy for understanding, makes completing this course faster.I would advise to add some more tests for fixation these information!
I have learned a lot of useful writing techniques, most of which are punctuation rules, and these will definitely help me a lot in the future! This course has taken me about 8 hours to complete. I'm now proceeding to the next course in this series!
Taking this course has improve my knowledge in grammar and academic writing skills. I am absolutely glad to have enrolled and completed this course. A learning opportunity so useful and helpful should be enrolled and availed by many more students.
The content is approached with incredible teaching aptitude. Exercises are arranged so the students may help each other, and learn from multiple assigments. Therefore, the course may be useful for anyone interested in improving its writting skill.
I learned a lot of useful things and, for that, I'm grateful. The course is objective, well structured, well explained, and easy to get the points. All the exercises are useful and they can help you to fix everything you've learned. Again, thanks!
This was extremely helpful, and I have already applied the things that I learned in this class. Not only have I used the grammar and punctuation at work, but I have also used it in my personal writing projects. It was a wonderful refresher for me.
Mostly, in this course, I have learned a lot in improving my writing skills, yet the communication skills, too. I would surely recommend everyone who are keening to improve their writing skills at a beginner level; this is going to work for sure.
Hi. I liked this cours. I learnt more important things at this cours. And I would continue other courses. But I fogot my password, thats why send me sertificate (Grammar and Punctuation) other my email, please. This is mine. naglamova82@gmail.com
I must say that, I'm different person now in terms  of writing and punctuation. This course was very useful, and I want to thanks teachers and all the students because they helped me a lot.Honestly, this was one of the best experience in my life.
Really great couse! I recmmend it to everyone having some grounds in grammar but needing to improve the knowledge. I have never met with such a simple yet clearifying explanations and now I dont find right use of complex tenses so hard as before!
It was a great experience being a part of this course. It helped me a lot to review and learn what I needed the most. I would boastly recommend this course to the people who want to brush up their grammar and punctuation for better communication.
I want to use this opportunity to thank Coursera for giving me this grace to improve my grammar and punctuation skills. I have really gained a lot from this course, and I will be moving forward with a new specialization in the English language.
I love the way this course helped me to gain confidence and accuracy in the grammar and punctuation field. Now I feel that my writing skills are improved, just by understanding how to correctly use commas, semicolons, adverbs, and transitions.
It was really enjoyable taking this course. I could grasp the grammatical concepts and is helpful to make my grammar move towards perfection; though it is just a start for me - long way to go! I thank the instructor for this course structure.
I have really improved my writing skills. This course helps in understanding the type of sentences, proper usage of commas and perfect ways of writing attractive paragraphs. ... Enjoyed and learnt so much that will help overcome fear writing.
It was a great course. I know now everything about punctuation and the different types of sentence. In addition to that, I had a quick view on how to improve my writing. I found  very clear, well-organized, and easy to follow as well. Thanks.
I have done this course. I can say that I recommend it to everyone, it does help you with the grammar, punctuation and rules to embark on the journey toward better writing. I am hoping that this review will convince you to do so. Good luck !
I like the course because I've never studied English punctuation before. Furthermore, I think now it will be easier to write essays. My texts earlier seemed like 'I am Groot. I a m G r o o t', but I hope since now, it will be better. Thanks!
This course is a good introductory to grammar and punctuation basics. There is so much focus on commas which is so helpful as well as the different types of sentences, so it forms a good base if you want to do more advanced grammar later on.
it is a great course - very well designed. I learnt many new things that I did not know. This course has improved my knowledge about punctuation marks, sentence types and many more. I would surely recommend others to enrol for this course.
it was very helpful, and i understand about how to use punctuation, and grammer a lot  better than before! To be honest, I am impressed, and i highly recommend if you are hesitant joining this course. Trust me you won't regret even a bit!
This course was so helpful for me. Coursera explained things in an easy way that taught the basic but essential rules when it comes to grammar and punctuation. Learning these things will help me in college and future jobs, I just know it.
It`s a nice class, the fellow students give me much useful advice, and the comments under my first  class instruction really moved me. Also, I have learned many important grammar points that I didn`t notice as real as I do in this lesson.
Very clear and useful information. I already enrolled to the following course within the specialisation. the only thing is that would love to be able to download and ebook, or something similar with the information provided on the course.
This is the best to get started with punctuation and grammar. It is short and precise. They provide all the necessary resources required also additional resources for you to improve and get better at it. Definitely recommend this course.
This course is awesome. You can learn a lot of grammar and punctuation topics. Additionally, the professors explain everything really well, and the activities and quizzes are interesting and easy-understanding. I recommend it completely.
really nice and good can be learn in this course, l studied many words that known about grammar and punctuation in English language. assignment of this course is helping me to improve my language. the lecture look at good and friendly..
This is course is so easy yet helpful. I learned a lot from the different videos and practices. I will surely recommend this to my peers, because it is not only educational but also fun to take. Thank you to all who made this possible.
I like this Course very much.Hope to do next course.I have learned how to punctuate sentences correctly.This will help me to write sentences in good and proper manner.Thank you all the Professors, Mentors, and University of California.
This is the first course in the academic writing series. I am excited to take other course in this series since it can improve my English writing significantly. Thanks University of California, Irvine for offering such a great course!
The video lectures are clear and easy to understand. The practice quizzes also really helped me to understand more the topics. Furthermore, there are additional resources for me to go in depth of the grammar and usage of punctuation.
The course was well structured and the concise but simple videos were really helpful in understanding the basics of grammar and punctuation. The assessments were well designed to not only test concept clarity but in a graded fashion.
This course have made me more confident in my writing skill through its brief lessons, exercises, peer-graded assignments, and help to spot my writing weaknesses and mistakes. I'm looking forward to complete the whole specialization.
I am finding this course very useful for me. Some places I lack using some correct verbs and sometimes not seeing parallel structure of the sentence, this course is helping me identifying those areas which are needed to be corrected.
This course is a great help. It made me refresh all my English lessons from the past.  If you really want to upgrade your writing skills, you should really start in reviewing and mastering your grammar and punctuation. Thank you!
Excellent course wonderfully taught by some of best English Professors. This course not only provides an opportunity to learn but also to explore more beyond our limits. Moreover, this course is suitable to all kinds of learners.
I liked this couse so much, it was funny, amusing, and interesting to listen to teachers, there are several languages of subtitles, you can read pronounced words, download videos, redo your answers and get others' feedbacks. 5/5!
Actually, It was better than I expected. Punctuation and writing style were well explained. As a non-native speaker, I have never knew how comas should be placed. Thanks to this course, now I feel more confident with such things.
This course is great. The easy to follow lectures allows students to grasp the material with wasting a lot of time. In addition, students will be will be about to use their new found knowledge as soon as the videos are completed.
I find this course quite interesting and useful! In this course you can learn not only by video and quizzes, but also play games and do interesting tasks. The education goes in an easy way and without any difficulties!Thank you!
First of all, let me thank you for such a great course. I am suggesting to make an overall exam about all the content of the course; so that, we revise all the lessons and weeks before getting our certificate. Thank you, again.
This course is Concise and give you what it promises you. Have lots of comprehensive exercises which are really helpful. I highly recommend it for anyone who has a moderate to severe doubt about English Grammar and Punctuation.
The course is great to improve your writing! If you love grammar, try it and you'll be surprised with the efficient between explanations and exercises. Congratulations for the creativity for teaching grammar rules.  :) Cheers.
For me, this course was really meaningful because I have heard and practiced the ways that have never seen or heard before. I am really thankful for explaining all the course in a very helpful manner.Thank you dear instructor
This is a really good course. I gained a lot of new things and new knowledge from this course. The process of learning was so good because it is arranged effectively. furthermore, the quiz and the assignments was really fun.
Explained in a clear manner, for me punctuation was always a tough job as I was not aware of rules of punctuation. Now understanding a lot about punctuation and more practice will help me to hone my skills on English writing
I learned, and reviewed, so much about punctuation!  Other then parallel sentences, I didn't feel this course was heavy on the grammar, but I think I really needed to polish up my punctuation, anyway.I recommend this course.
I really like the way students are involved in activities through the assignments. They students are also introduced among themselves and get to review each others work which boosts confidence and also inflicts more interest
I liked this course very much because I have had the opportunity to deepen my previous knowledge about verb tenses, as well as it helped a lot in clarifying the different sentence types and how to use punctuation correctly.
I am a rising freshman in high school whose first language is not English, this course corrected many of my bad writing habits such as putting commas wherever I feel like needs one. The program is definitely very effective.
thanks so much for this useful course i only hope to not make the final quiz with upgrade or with payment i need to see how much i achieve in this course.waiting for new courses, and thanks for your advanced for help, Dalia
This course covers all aspects as per description. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to polish up their basic grammar and punctuation. Special thanks to everyone who it possible. Your efforts are greatly appreciated.
The course was short and precise; however, easy and understandable for beginners with basic knowledge of grammar as well. Well, I took this course in order to revise the grammar I've learnt and forgotten after high school.
I found this course very helpful. It was very nice to know things like parallel structure which was new for me. This course has not only upgraded my skills but it has taught me way to write and punctuate sentence correctly
I am about to complete this course, and I'm very satisfied with the instructor. Every lecture is so concise and contains quality material. I would definitely suggest this course to anyone who is not good with punctuation.
This is a very wonderful course and they taught the important aspects of English grammar and it's utility in the sentences. Thank you coursera for providing such an beautiful platform for learning and gaining knowledge .
is excellent way of learn English . i really learn so many grammar and improve my English. i need your one advise. how i improve my reading skills. and improve my speaking quality. i hope you give me  advise. thank you .
This course helps me a lot in improving my grammar during this pandemic by staying at home. Also this course helps in interacting with people by sharing our skills which improves my experience in using a proper grammar.
This is a very helpful course for improving your usage of comma. Usually, comma is a very little thing which is easily to be neglect. After having this course, I have more general understanding about the usage of comma.
I love this course. I have learned many new things which are not explained in most of the grammar books.Now, I am very confident to write with proper punctuation marks.And, I am very thankful to the Course Instructors.
Once I had no clarity about grammar.But I learned a lot of difference between grammar in this course.Strongly I can say that can I can write grammar perfectly.Thank you so much to Coursera for making my life good one.
really helped me a lot, I didn't pay attention to my teacher when I was in school, and the difference is, Chinese teachers don't really teach punctuation. I was always confused about it, and this course really helped.
Using complex and compound sentences really enhance the way we express. Further, the punctuation like commas has a great value when it comes to breaking sentences and giving them clarity. Thank you for your guidance.
This course is best for English Learner, language is quite simple and understandable because I, whom belongs to a village prone area can understand so why you can't ????Try for yourself, you can do much better.......
With satisfaction and gratitude, I want to thank the Coursera platform for this great course, it was easy to understand and practice, also, I have learned some new rules never seen before, that was simplified.thanks.
Great course! Very well organized, easy to understand and very dynamic.  I enjoyed  the videos because  they were very clear, also the instructor  has a very nice voice, which is very important to run courses online.
The course provides essential knowledge on basic grammar and punctuation, which iteslf is sufficient for moving towards essay writing. The course is practice-oriented, so be prepared to mastering your writing skills.
This is an excellent course.
I want to recommend this course for everybody.
We can learn in an easy and practical way about tenses and punctuation. 
Not only is important to speak well, equally we must to write well.
OMG, I'm SO HAPPY!. I'm was taking this English course and I wasn’t sure if I wanted to pay for the certificate, to be honest but I learned A LOT!. I love it! I'm feeling so much confident with my English skills. :D
I really loved this course! Now, I feel not only a little more pressure to write correctly, but also more confident. There were a lot of tips we do not receive in standard English courses. So, I highly recommend it.
This course gives a opportunity  to learn and revised some valuable tricks, which is  used in academics writings and other fields of society.It also gives me a confidence to  write something in academics and others.
This course is very good. It helped me a lot to learn to understand English sentence structure and punctuation. I really loved the course because the teacher doesn't patronize too much and explains quickly and well.
Yeah, I'm sure that I made a lot of improvement in my English grammar, and I make sure that I will recommend this super good course to my friends and my classmates. Thanks to the wonderful teachers from UCI. Peace!
It was a very beautiful time, through this lesson, i learned so may things, as like progressive, when use present perfect tense and past perfect, use of comma and how write an essay with elegant. Thanks to coursera
Thank You! Coursera for
giving me the opportunity to learn Grammar and Punctuation .I have learned so many new skills  which
is truly helpful to me. My highest appreciation for your kindness.  Thank you once again.
This is a very worthy course.While I was taking this course, I discovered many basic mistakes about punctuation; however, I feel now strong enough to keep practicing my writing. Definitely, I recommend this course.
This course has been of great help to me, and I’m really glad. During the period of this course, I have learned how to punctuate correctly, the importance of sentence variety in writing, and to improve my writing.
Whether you have never studied grammar and punctuation, or you need to brush up on your previous knowledge, this course is perfect to learn quickly and precisely. You get just enough theory and plenty of practice.
Excellent course which provides basic about Tense, commas, different types of words, and how to write a sentence including good punctuation and so on.Everyone must attend this course to maintain their vocabulary.
Really a good course for the whole mix of students. If you are a beginner then you'll have a strong start whereas if you have good knowledge, even then it is a must needed course to jog up the must needed basics.
Thanks Tamy for the great course. I really like your teaching style, it is very clear and easy to understand. Since I took the free version, I did not had access to the exams; nevertheless, I learned a lot.Thanks
Many tips in this course are very good and important. I missed some of them before and this course help me pay attention to them and learn them clearly. I highly recommended to you and I won't take you much time.
Good structure. This course is good for some students who have some basic idea about English writing. It concerns fundamental skills including sentence structure, tense and variety, which is a good way to start.
The course was great, but there were some issues in the videos that could be easily corrected. Also, I didn't like that you must download Firefox to complete some activities. The content was very good, however.
This course is fantastic and awesome, and I can't wait to learn next one! This specialization is very helpful to improve academic writing skills, especially for non-native English speaker. I enjoy this course!!
This is a high-quality introduction to Grammar and Punctuation for academic writing.  The course helped clear up much misunderstanding and helped to develop personal confidence for essay writing moving forward.
This course has really helped to refresh all the things I have forgotten about writing. The instructor was quite clear and easy to follow. I look forward to completing the other courses in this specialization.
It's a great introductory course on English Grammar & Punctuation! I learned a lot of new stuff, which is going to be helpful in my career. I thank my instructor for her clear, concise, and effective teaching.
This course has really helped to improve some aspects of my sentence structures and punctuation. In addition, the classes are well organized, the material is clear, and most all the professors are really good.
Excellent course! It teaches very clearly about grammar and punctuation. It's easy to follow and understand. I recommend this to anyone who is not sure where to put that ',', ';' or '.'. Definitely worth it :)
I enjoyed this course very much.  It brought a new understanding to information I already had but in a new way.  I would recommend this class to anyone who needs a refresher or wants to get better at writing.
The course provided a very good approach in handling punctuations in sentences that we come across in a day to day life. This course is indeed very important to strengthen our command over good writing skills
Thank you very much for the opportunity to take this course. I learned so much, and I could to imporve my weaknesses about grammar. You all are a great team. I hope have another opportunit to learn from you.
I really enjoyed listenning to all lectures and saved it to return back to it again. I always used some of these rules without information but now I could use it professionally.Thank you for this lectures :)
The first course is though easy but interesting. It is a good start for listeners like me who is learning English as a second language to master some detailed information or rather punctuation about English.
This course helped me a lot to clear my doubt about tense ,punctuation and sentence  structure.Morever, the syllabus is well organised in a way that it will help you to use these lessons in essay writtings.
Excellent course!!! I really recommend it for those who want to improve their grammar skills or just as a global revision of already acquired knowledge. Thanks so much to all the staff for this opportunity.
The journey was awesome. The method of teaching is unique. People can learn many things by this course like use of commas, sentence Variety, parallel structure of sentence etc..so, welcome to this course..
The course is well planned and organised. Students have an opportunity to interact with each other; moreover, they help and revise classmates's work. In addition, given material is interesting and helpful.
I have learned certain things from this course that i never have learned from anywhere before . Surely, one of the best courses,especially, for them who want to learn,master, and excel in English writing.
Although I have read a lot about the grammatical standards of good writing, considering its punctuation, my knowledge classified in better categories, and I am now more confident to use them in my essays.
I love to review through grammar and i saw the content of the course is posted clearly, easy, encourage every classmate interact with each other and so convinient for everyone can learn anytime they want!
l had a really great experience with Coursera. lt has guided through such a simple and easy way that I feel confident, now. These skills will help me improve my writing skills a lot. Thank you, Coursera.
It's a great course that helps you to improve your grammar skills. I learned so many new techniques. The methodology is great, videos, simple lectures, and participative forums. I certainly recommend it,
Overall, this course was helpful for me to review some basic grammars. (Though there were some parts that were still confusing for me.)  I will continue to take other academic specialization course work.
nowadays, we don't emphasize on proper punctuation and grammar, which in fact, is very important when it comes to writing. this course helped me to learn basic skills of writing and proper use of tenses.
It has been great learning with UCT Extension Continuing Education!A big thanks to coursera for such a wonderful opportunity. I look forward to continue learning and developing some other skills as well.
I learned about  verb and conjunctions. Commas, compound sentences, and conjunctive adverbs to use as transitions, three types of compound sentences and more punctuation thank you so much for helping me.
ya, this course is very nicely designed with enough number of quizzes, so we can get maximum benefit; therefore, i would like to thank the coursera team for providing such wonderful opportunity to learn.
thanks for your great course .It was my 1st course in Coursera ,and it makes me excited for more !I could take the course only in 3 days ! .I'm extremely grateful.thanks again for your impressive effort.
This is a great navigation tool to be refreshed with your grammar and punctuation! exhaustive if to take all 4 modules in one go, but rewarding as it builds back your grounds on this topic =) great one!
If you want to improve you writing, this course is a stepping stone. It will teach you a lot about the verb tenses, punctuation, and structure.  Just follow the instructions, and you will benefit a lot.
Thanks to the instructors,and it was a very good course.Firstly,I have focused in the grammar class here and learned much here.Flexible schedule and short videos are the best options given by Coursera.
The course professor was excellent and made the rules on commas and parallel structure as well as verb tenses seem so simple. I was able to brush up my grammar rules and punctuation through the course.
I like the way the instructor explained each part of the Grammar and Punctuation, I understood easily and practiced after session. This course is very helpful to me. Thank you for offering this course.
Good course for building foundation in writing. Punctuation is a key aspect in writing and to do it justice require the adequate amount of information which, fortunately, is provided in this course.
There were many things I did not know even though I was studying English for a long time. I am glad to have enrolled in this course. I know the use of commas and semicolon, which is usually tricky.
The course was very good! I learned new rules and these topic are not taught in normal language schools. Therefore, it was a rich experience, and I intend to continue my studies using the platform.
It was a good course, the course is very complete and accurate in the topics. I think that coursera is a good tool to use and a good tool to continue learning in many fields, like english, AI, etc.
Dear Course Creators, The course was awesome and I did enjoy every step toward better writing in English. I will be certainly taking more courses created by your university. Sincerely yours , Elena
This course was challenging, yet it was easy to follow. It helped me a lot in writing better. I was able to practice my knowledge of the lessons, by giving feedbacks to my co-learners' assignments.
It is amazing how I knew nothing about punctuation, but thanks to Coursera I have learned a lot in the last few weeks. I will subscribe to another course straightaway, that's how much I loved it.
This was a really good experience for me, i learned how to properly punctuate a sentence, add sentence variety, use of introductory phrase as well as transitions. I highly recommend this course!
I really like this course and found it very helpful for what I was looking for. An excellent explication, plus, lots of examples and reviews. Congrats to the teacher and the whole coursera team!
If you're a budding writer, this course will help you improve your style. Note that this course is not for beginners in English, such as those who are still learning the subject-verb agreement!
It was an amazing experience of learning with Coursera, from home.Thank you so much to the Instructors, co learners, for the honest reviews, and team coursera for lending me such an opportunity
One should take this course if one is associated with writing in their day to day life. Please do not skip the practice sessions as it will help you build the confidences and clear your doubts.
This course was very helpful to me. My grammar and writing style has definitely benefited from taking this course. The modules were clear and well-paced, and the practice quizzes were relevant.
I really like this course ,because it has a lot simple but necessary information that really helps people for their daily English use.Actually, I have been looking for these kind of courses :)
This was an amazing experience. It was by far the most interesting course I've take. Thanks to the instructor,  the course staff and the coursera team we've achieved a very tangible training .
The course gave me a lot of new, useful knowledge about punctuation, sentence structure, and variety. After the course, I became more confident in using commas and semicolons in my sentences.
As a native English speaker, this course has taught me so much about language and grammar rules. Thank you for offering it. It's given me a much deeper understanding of how my language works.
I did this course because I always wanted to improve my punctuation knowledge and I can tell you that it was very nice! I recommend you this course if you want to improve your English skills.
This course was informative and challenging. I enjoyed seeing what I remembered from my grammar lessons in school and what I had forgotten over time. Or, at times what I had remembered wrong.
I truly learned a lot from this course. The former confusions and misconceptions that I had in mind were now cleared. Those people considering to up their caliber in writing should take this.
I Learn the basic of the English grammar and punctuation. I am satisfied with this course.It is very helpful experience.I learn new about verb,adverb,sentence variety and parallel structure.
This is a very good course. I have learned so much just from one day of work. The interactive, educational games are motivating. This course makes learning about grammar and punctuation fun.
It is a very good course to clarify or remember simple points that are very important for the development of writing. I hope to have the opportunity to take all courses from specialization.
I loved this course. Tamy Chapman was awesome at teaching me. Her videos re fluently explained. Thank you so much!!!!!!!!!! I forgot to mention in my introduction that I am a fourth grader.
First, I want to thanks Tamy Chapman. The course was excellent and I feel more confident with my writing.I am looking forward to improving my style with the following course of this series.
The course was really good in explaining all the types of grammar and punctuation. I learned where to use different types of punctuation, and sentence variety. It has really been helpful!!
great introductory course with rich information, and instructors had covered vast material with easy to use language for beginners. I am very grateful for being participant of this course.
Although this course was intended as an advanced English grammar review, I could learn a lot of new things I'd never studied before. I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot from it.
Instructor mam was very friendly through all the videos. Her speeches are slow and clear. It helped me to understand better on different sentences patterns, punctuation uses. Thanks a lot
Though we have all studied grammar, this course made me realize that some of the nuances of punctuations required revisiting. The course was really helpful as a practice for good writing.
Excellent course, easy to follow, objective was clearly defined. All the lessons were easy to grasp, succinctly explained and nicely reinforced by user friendly quizzes. Highly recommend!
This course is incredibly simple, but it had explained a lot about English grammar and punctuation; it added structure to things I have been doing without understanding and with mistakes.
This course has given me very practical tools for my daily job.  Now I feel more confident in the way I write sentences.  My writing has become more clear and precise.Thank you very much!
I am very happy to say that this course is designed in such a way that caters to the needs of the beginners.  There is proper coordination of lectures, quizzes, and supporting resources.
Great course. I always have problems where to punctuate my sentences and identify compound or complex sentences. Now, I'm able to clear the fog, and I'm ready for Tricky English grammar.
our teacher has taught us in vary lovely manner. she knows the art that how to teach and pursue all his student.May Allah bless you with more knowledge and award you with more success..
Excellent and simple explanations about the major factors in Grammar and Punctuation. I am honored to finish this course, and I have to congratulate all people involved in this project.
It was such a great course. With this course, my understanding raised to one level up, indeed. The way it is designed is fantastic. I want to take up the next course as well.ThanksParul
I have learned so much. Thank you for this course. I may have to revisit some of the lessons and do more review so I can really master the grammar and punctuation being discussed here.
I learned what I came here for. I love that it caters to all levels of learners, and I was still able to get a lot out of it. It was a great refresher to what I learned in high school.
This course is a very good course. It is well structured, and it has a lot of extra tools(links) to practice more grammar. I really enjoyed this course, and I will advice it to anyone.
It's been a pleasure to take these classes! The teacher holds the knowledgement and the most important, in my point of view, she knows how to teach!!! Very glad I enrolled this course!
Excelent course!Thank you so much! I really grateful for all that I can learn in this course, if you need to improve your english grammar, this course is for you. You can learn a lot.
This course id very helpful and I learned many grammatical functions, specially about punctuation and .I want to give a big thank to authority, course related wise advisor and mentor.
I enjoyed the course a lot, and I am glad because I feel more confident about my writing skills. In my opinion, the structure of the course is impeccable and follows a logical order.
Excellent course, confusing and complex at the end, but still worth it to learn all of these, specially punctuation which it's hard to comprehend and learn properly all of the rules.
I liked the course very much. Mainly, the scripts , in between the videos, are very helpful. We can practice and communicate with course mates. I wish to complete other courses ,too.
A short and concise introduction to basic english grammar blocks including Verbs, Conjunctions, adverbs clause, and type of sentences. Good examples in lectures to make things clear.
I enjoyed this course very much. It was easy to breeze through and very informative. It definitely made me a better writer as I became more aware of very common mistakes that I make.
It was a great learning opportunity. I would like to attend such courses in future, also. I would like to thank coursera team and professors of this " Grammar and Punctuation" team.
Good course to learn grammar and punctuation. It teaches tenses, types of sentences, and punctuation of those sentences which are the basics of academic writing. Highly recommended.
It is a short and simple course, but It seems to be a key course, which give you a lot of tools to improve your grammar and punctuation. A first step to improve your writing skills.
Highly recommended for anyone looking to improve their grammar and punctuation. Although the course covers a broad area, it doesn't take too much time to finish. Simple and precise.
The course helped me immensely to put my knowledge of punctuation and grammar into order. I hope it'll help me to be more confident when I start working on my own pieces of writing.
I took this course as a refresher, and I am very happy I did so!  As I love writing, I wanted to make sure I use proper grammar and punctuation, so this course really came in handy!
I like this Course , the vidues and the quizzes.After, this course my writing wasn't correct , but now at least I knew how to use comma,semicolon and adverbs correctly :) , Thanks.
It was so useful and fresh for me, because it was my first time learning about acadenmic writing.Revising the assignments sumbmitted by other members are exiting experience for me.
It was a great course with a simple method of teaching the content. I learn a lot of writing material now when I'm reading or writing and keep trying to place the rules of English.
I just want to say thank you very much. This course really helpful and valuable that made me understood more about grammar and punctuation by video, practices quiz, and assignment.
This course is very important in writing english.And also very interesting.This will be very helpful for my academic studies.Thank you all for giving this great opportunity to me.
This course helps me understand more about commas, conjunctions, transitions,... Those are just little parts of a sentence but really important to make a perfect academic writing.
I really enjoy this formation, that helps to improve my English skills and learn more about grammar and punctuation, at least I want to thank Coursera for that amazing formation.
The sessions were quite engaging. Also peers graded assignments were amazing. It paved the way to interact with fellow learners. Thank you ! Looking forward to apply this skill !
It's a very intensive short program, to learn too many different ways to write properly an essay, a homework, an speech, whatever you can exposed on paper or computer. Very good!
"Grammar and Punctuation" was an excellent course. The instructor made the concepts so easy to understand and practice. This course is highly recommended! Keep up the great work!
The course is very helpful especially on my work. Thank you for the opportunity and I am looking forward on other courses like this that really improves my communication skills.
Very thorough - I recommend you watch the videos a coupleof times each, and write notes as you go along to make sure you absorb the rules. I'm more confident about grammar now.
Great way to review English grammar and punctuation.  This class has given me more confidence and refresh my knowledge of English grammar.  Would highly recommend it to anyone.
It's really easy to follow instructions and well structured. It is a great tool that do not take you much time to complete assignments and helps you to learn in a positive way.
Very good, it provides important information in a new and fresh way. Every new concept is together with examples which make easier to understand and keep in memory the concept.
I have learned many things from this course. Confusing punctuation states as well as sentence types were the most important topics I have learned. Thanks for excellent tutors.
This course has been very beneficial for me as I am a faculty of English. The course has helped me in clearing my doubts and confusions. I am glad to be a part of this course.
Excellent! Easy to follow and full of practices that encourage the students to go forward. Thank you very much to UCI, Tamy Chapman and everyone else involved in this project!
The course include short videos with clear pieces of grammar that can be easily integrated to your writting. Exercises are also a good tool for reeinforcing the new knowledge.
I exceptionally recommend this course! It has not only give me an effective review on my grammar and punctuation but it also provide extra knowledge and tips on good writing.
Whether you are taking it as a beginner or a reviewer, this course is excellent and well-structured. The practice exercises are well designed and helpful. Highly recommended.
It's a very practical and useful course. I finally realize some wrong usages in my writing like different tenses, and I hope to continue to study to improve my writing skill.
It was a grate course. I learned a lot about grammar and punctuation.I think this will help me to improve my writing skills.Thank you all the teachers who create this course.
The 'Grammar and Punctuation' course was extremely helpful and challenging. The instructor is better than the teachers I had in school, therefore found her clear and concise.
I am totally in love with this course. I experienced instant improvement in my writing skills, and found errors in my writings which I would have never thought of as errors.
The professor is excellent!. She explains everything in a way very easy to understand. The module is basic, but it is essential if you want to improve your english writing .
This course was very beneficial and easy to complete within a specific time period, the resourses was very helpful and sufficient for learning. I enjoyed doing this course.
Very good and interactive course. All around I feel I have improved my grammar and punctuation skills by a lot. Thank you everyone also for the feedback in the submissions.
Pretty good course, everything is explained very clearly, probably, the tasks are a bit easy, but I still appreciate the work of people who created this project. Thank you.
All in all, this course opened up an universe of expression options for me!Furthermore, I felt in love with semicolons! Great presentation, perfect pace, and good practice!
Great and useful course, really helps to understand how the grammar and punctuation works, focuses on correct use of verb tenses as well. Definitely recommend it to anyone.
This is a great course if English is not your first language. You can learn easily with lots of examples and exercises to get better and better at grammar and punctuation.
I learned a lot during this course and made me remember some structures I already have checked but forgotten. As you mentioned, is all about practice and always be focused
This course helped me to distinguish some tenses , to understand a lot of structures in writing. Now I can write letters and essays easily and with pleasure. Thanks a lot.
I enjoyed this class, and learned more about proper grammar and punctuation.  This course is suited for both the first time learner and someone who only needs a refresher.
Very good in as introduction to your essay writing. All of course materials were understandable; morever, patiently, she explained how I can make my sentence variety well.
The course is excellent for people, as myself, that has good base of English language, but due to a poor daily practice in the writing area forgot about the grammar rules.
I enhanced my knowledge of Grammar specially writing a paragraph using a variety of sentences. I received much knowledge about punctuation which is meaningful in written.
Honestly , this course helped me so much and improved my skills at writing in the correct way. I am really thankful for who are working on Grammar and Punctuation course.
It's an excellent course to understand writing sentences and using comma effectively. In my view, this online program will give your writing newfound freedom and variety.
I loved the way the course taught me to correctly put commas in the right places. Anyone who is even a little apprehensive about his/her writing, should take this course.
Wow! I am so glad to get this course. Before beginning this course, I have no knowledge about the actual writing patterns and punctuation. Best wishes to all my trainees.
The course is very brief, but it is well informative and deliver the information in a good way. And they clarified most of the information in a very strong way. Good job.
very helpful . i appreciate  the course owners for giving free access to the students of the third world countries . hats off to you and your team  . thank you very much
Respected Sir/ Madam; Thank you so much. This course provided me great 
insights and knowledge. My journey during this 
course is splendid. I owe to this great platform.
Since the beginning to the end, I enjoyed this course because I learn new things for me. It had good explanations, nice examples and many exercises. Thank you very much.
It definetely deserves 5 stars. Videos are very complete and clear. Strongly recommend this course for those wanting to improve their writing skills. Thanks Coursera! ;)
excellent course, easy to follow , well explained, and the exercises focus on the material being reviewed, also the practice exercises reinforce the material.Thank you.
Excellent course!!! I have learned about sentences types, punctuation and grammar structures.  Thanks a million to Tamy Chapman and the University of California Irvine.
Well designed and neatly structured. Lots of useful information in short time. Mixture of videos, exercises and quizzes was fun, and peers interaction was invigorating.
Thank you so much. The way you explain each lesson, and all the opportunities you give us to practice what we learn, made this course very complete and understandable.
It's really excellent and helpful. I learned things that I had never learned before. Teachers are very good and the community is friendly. Simple, quick and effective!
i have studied lot english grammar and english language in this course, i refreshed the lesson that i learned in middle school and i got new lesson in this course too.
I have received a lot of knowledge bout punctuation in the course. Thanks both Tamy Chapman for your excellent lessons and my helpful peels for your reliable comments.
The course is exceptionally helpful. The quality of the slides and videos sound is unmatched. The approach to instruction made the whole course very simple. Thank you
It is a great course to revise some English grammar questions. This course helped me to remember some verb tenses topics and, also, learn new topics about punctation.
This course is really helpful in terms of learning punctuation and grammar types. It also consists of videos, quizzes and peer assignments that are really motivating.
Coursera Grammar & Punctuation Course provide me insight and diversity of learning. I did not get bored during the course. It increased my curiosity about e-learning.
The course, though it was slightly short, was very educative and fun to learn. I have learnt alot, thanks to the lecturer, who was very helpful throughout the course.
Wonderful review of what I had forgotten as a native English speaker.  It was well organized and easy to follow. Really found it useful and helpful.  Thanks Coursera!
Whoa, it's so useful in helping me to learn basic but important knowledge. I highly recommend this course. Thank teachers for your passion and your contributions. ^^
Having the opportunity to finish this course, gave me new insights about how to write my essay not only with good grammar but also with an outstanding style. Thanks.
For someone who has doubts about Grammar and Language in English (as I do sometimes) this course explains concisely how to solve your problems in a very simple away.
Very very very useful course especially for beginners. You will learn how to punctuate the scentences correctly and there are also a quick revision for the grammar.
I've learned a lot of helpful information about punctuation in this course which I can apply in academic writing. I love how the videos are concise yet informative.
Concise, informative, and an eye-opener in terms of punctuation. Even if you think your English is impecable, this course will bring your punctuation back on track!
This is an excellent course that helps learners to make them efficient and confident in English writing. Therefore, I recommend for students to enroll this course.
I am weak in grammar and punctuation so for improving my grammar and punctuation i am joining this course. So,I hope I will be better after completing this course.
This lesson is very helpful, and I learned how to punctuate in a way I never learned.  Again, thank you for two beautiful teachers gave us such a wonderful lesson.
The excellent course for the getting crystal clear idea about the basic rules of the grammar and punctuation. I strongly advice to continue to this specialization.
This course is so helpful. It corrected some frequently occurring mistakes in writing. I recommend it to anyone who is interested in improving his writing skills.
This course explains the basic grammar principles in the simplest way possible, and that is something that a non-native English speaker like me really appreciate.
One of the best courses ever. It was well structured and easily understandable. I learnt a lot of things, including grammar points which I never thought existed.
My experience was wonderful and I have learned a lot of things and improved my english writing and grammar in this grammar and punctuation course. .Thank you!!!!
I have learned a lot of things. I am weak in English, so i want to fix it. I think this course helps me a lot. Thanks to coursera and honorable course instructor
I liked the course because the material was given in a simple way. The videos are short, the example are understandable, and the tests have explanations in them.
Congratulations! I really appreciate the classes and the course content. The videos are very objective and synthesizes, in a cleaver way, hart English knowledge.
Thank you very much for these amazing courses! They are really cognitive, and, in my point of view, help a lot of people to improve their knowledge and skillls.
After I finished this course, I have more confidence in writing an essay. This course not only easy to understand but also detailed in contents. Thank you, UCI.
If you are looking for a course to revise basic grammar of English: types of sentences, parallel structures, and sentence variation, you are at the right place.
I learned many things about grammar and punctuation after completing this course. Now I'm able to write well English essays and many other writing-related work.
I learnt a lot of things. Over all i enjoyed it. This is very essential course for students who are at learning stage of English language as a secound language.
I would like to thank everyone in this course because I was able to meet my personal goals and objectives. This is really helpful. Congratulations to the team!
Much effective to improve my grammatical mistake. now i know where i need to use conjunction, punctuation, and sentence variety. highly recommended this course
This course is very detailed and profound as it covers many topics in very less time. Totally recommend for anyone who wants to grab skills related to English.
It was really a good experience to learn things in this course. I had never experienced online course but I got good things and learnt new things in the course
It was a good experience for me. And i hope this will help me in future. It is little bit difficult to  memorize the commas but after practice all will be well
Very helpful! Helped me better understand the use of punctuations on sentences and also gave a clearer insight on how to write grammatically correct sentences.
I am becoming more and more confident in my writing with just the first part of this course.  I will keep on going because once I finish, nothing will stop me!
Simple and accurate. The quizzes are not easy, but definitely inherent to the course. In other words, if you study and practice, you will be able to pass them.
Gud aftrnun everyone....tq for giving me this opportunity....It is very amazing.....I have explored a lots of things newly which was very much interesting....
This course was a great help in English writiing especially writting correctly with punctuation. The rule and in-video quiz are excellent in the way to learn.
I have learned so many useful rules through examples throughout the course, I am very glad that I decided to take this course right here. Thank you, everyone.
This is a really good course. I learned a lot about commas, parallel sentences, and complex-compound sentences. I am suggesting this course to my friends too.
very nice and clear to let us know more detail of grammar. although i have not paid for class, i still would like to keep the course and review it. thank you!
The course is well-structured and very easy to follow, also, the large amount of exercises helps to remember everything.Thank you for very effective teaching!
This course is really good for people who want to brush on their English grammar. The course is also well organized and planned, and I really enjoy studying.
Absolutely, an important and useful course for those having problems with punctuation, parallel sentences, transition words and much more related to Grammer.
I learned a lot from this course.  Initially, I thought that the modules must be easy but the instructor taught all the important points. It helped me a lot.
I recommend this this course to anyone who wants to learn how to write an essay or a research paper as It is easy to follow and the instructor is phenomenal.
It was an amazing experience to have this course. I learned many new things and improved my skills.  Thanks a lot for providing online access to this course.
I could clarify so many doubts I had, now I understand the way I should write and connect ideas.  Thank you for such a complete course!!  May God bless you.
The course was structured in a very simple and comprehensible manner. I especially loved the additional links and resources provided in the reading section.
I loved this course since I got many materials about grammar and punctuation, so my skill can be scaled up now.I strongly recommend you to join this course.
The Course was so useful, and i hope get all the other courses. Now i can write without any mistakes, and i understand the rules. Think you for your effort.
This course is very useful. Despite the course name made me think that it will be piece of cake, it really helped me improve both, the way I talk and write.
This course is awesome for aspiring writers everywhere. It clearly explains sentence structure and punctuation and it also lets you review your peers' work.
Wonderful ! I can´t belive that such a good course like this is avaliable for free on internet globally!Thanks, Coursera ! Thanks, University of California!
This course helped me out in understanding the basics of writing a good sentences in term of tenses, punctuation, sentence structure, and sentence variety.
This course is very useful and very easily described. I am happy that i chose this course and completed it. Thanks to the Training ma'am and Coursera team.
The topics has been really helpful for me. The learnings from all the topics will come in handy in my daily conversation with peers and colleagues at work.
Insightful and knowledgeable .Thanks a lot for empowering me with accuracy. But I want to download my certificate .I can't see the link  of my certificate.
It was great class, but I felt the peer review assignments were a wast of time. Some students didn't do it, but I needed to click their names to find out.
I enjoyed the course! The way that it is built makes it stimulating,  I managed to remember a lot and now I will try to put them into practice. Thank you!
Truly very informative session with this Academic writing specialization course in my first experience in 'Cousera' . Course content is truly illustrious.
Thank you so much, Coursera and the University of California. I learned a lot of grammatical lessons and it helped to improve my academic writing ability.
I really like this course, very informative.  Even when I took several English courses before, there are some gaps that this course is helping me to fill.
I feel that this course helped me understand various concepts that I didn't have very clear. I think that, from now on,  my writing will get a lot better.
This course really helped me, a second-language-English speaker, in improving my English writing. It is concise, and its discussion mode is indeed useful.
This course is easy to understand and straight forward.  Finally, I have a better understanding of the use of commas, conjunctions, and transitions words.
I am very proud and happy that I began to remember my English, and I will study another course Getting Started with Essay Writing at another time.Thanks
This course on grammar and punctuation will help me become a better writer.  I needed a refresher course because it's been awhile since my college days.
It is amazing course,very informative,and to the point.Before this course ,I could not  write such sentence with great confidence that it must be right.
I learned very important rules in this course
It was very pleasant and helpful
I would advise everyone to follow this course.
And thanks to the trainer.
The explanation in this course are very simple and clever. It is a good way to learn new tips about how to write more naturally and use a better style.
This program has really helped to realize some of the basic grammar errors which i never pay attention to. Thank you so much for the wonderful program.
Great overview / refresher on basic grammar rules and sentence structure! Recommend this to anyone that hasn't taken a writing class since high school.
This course is excellent. It uses lecture, practice and question effectively to let learners master in Grammar and Punctuation.GreetingsMubashar Rehman
This first module was completely good, and also I had been looking for one of this type course for a long time. I can't wait to start the next module.
The course is a refresher and fun. The lessons are great help especially in teaching English! Good job and thank you University of California, Irving!
This course is awesome. I have never thought that I could have many mistakes in using a comma in my sentence. Thanks Professor for this useful course.
It was really helpful to review these topics because we tend to forget some details. The examples and the activities provided are pretty illustrative.
This is an excellent course for beginners. Also, it allows intermediate and advanced students to apply the right grammar that they may have forgotten.
i have enjoyed the course. with this i will be able to articulate my sentences better. thank you for the teachings, and the importance of punctuation.
It's great! If you are looking for to improve your grammar and punctuation in English, don't hesitate to try it!It's quizzes will dare your knowledge.
this course, it was very good course, and I got more about punctuation and verb tenses.I appreciate you all staff of the Coursera and course teacher.
I am very glad that I found this course. It is very useful for me to improve my writing skills, which is important to my carrier. I love this course.
This is the best online course I have ever had. It has rich features as well as learning tools and assessments to ensure understanding of the course.
I found this course to be a very helpful tool in writing, especially for non-native speakers.I recommend all non-native speakers to take this course.
Now, I feel much more confident about my writing and grammar skills. It's an amazing feeling, even, to witness a small change in your writing skills.
At my level, I found pretty interesting and effectively this course. I could put in practice in a real time, in a great balance, what I have learned.
The course is well structured and has a good balance between different types of resources. I found the focus on sentence structure very interesting.
The course is great. The videos helped me understand complex grammar in an effective and easy manner. This cource helped me in improving my writing.
IT WAS AMAZING TO LEARN FROM YOU, BUT I WISHED IF IT STARTED FROM THE VERY BASIC. THOUGH I KNEW IT SO IT WAS EASY FOR ME TO TACKLE ALL THE PROBLEMS.
This course is very helpful.  By learning this course, I know clearly the structures of compound sentence and complex sentence. Thank you very much!
This is an amazing course in English writing. The course is simple but comprehensive. In addition, the tutor is very good in delivering the subject.
This course is absolutely awesome. My teacher has noticed an improvement in my punctuation. I have nothing but good things to say about this course.
For the people, who finds it difficult to build sentences and often commits grammatical errors while writing, this course will be extremely useful.
I learned a lot from this course. I gained additional insights and skills which I can apply in proofreading my students' essays and research works.
I learned a lot of new stuff. Love the course, the information was given was very easy to comprehend. I really suggest you guys to try this course.
I enjoyed the course. It was great for revision and I learned a lot about punctuation and different types of sentences. I can recommend the course.
The course is very simple and easy to understand.It is delivered in such a way that with a little effort you can understand what you are learning.
I have learnt a lot from this course. Specially, basics of grammar, punctuation . I believe, my writing technique has also improved significantly.
Amazing! I really like this course, thou this is the basic one, but I learnt alot from this course. And it's a basic need for your writing skills.
The Grammar and Puctuation course has helped me to develop the way I write, teaching me new resources on how to build better paragraphs and texts.
This was really a helpful course. The course materials were very good. The assignments were on point and I learned a lot from this course, really.
Great. I also hope you create lessons regarding vocabulary building and how to use it in articulating effective and well-written essays/sentences.
it is a perfect course about punctuation and sentence variety. it is very clear foe me now how to use commas and how to make my writing stronger.
I love this course and high recommend it. I feel more confident in punctuating my statements and use the connectors correctly. Thank you so much.
This course demonstrates the target language in a very easy and clear way, yet it is very professional. thanks for everything you have taught us.
It is very helpful.Something which I thought it was right turned out to be so wrong.Thanks to this course, my writing has improved a whole lot ^^
I really liked this course. It helps me to improve my grammar and punctuation knowledge in short term.I will recommend this course to my friends.
In the last couple of weeks, I have learned more about grammar than any other classes that I had taken in high school. This course really rocks!!
This is a really great course! I learned a lot and helped me to improve my English skills in writing. In addition, I have lost my fear to write.
that was really amazing experience. i have never thought that online education can be this much engaging! the explanation was super duper clear!
Awesome course! I learned a lot about Grammar and Punctuation thanks to this course. In addition, I managed to write better sentences after all.
Even as a native speaker, I learned a few things from this course. I am already more attentive to the grammar in my writing since completing it.
This is a very good course and very suit for the people who basically have no understanding of English grammar but want to learn how to writing.
A very lucid and easy to understand course. Very thorough in their treatment of the subject matter, and a real treat for the learners out there.
This course is fantastic because it´s helping me to remember some rules in punctuation, and I can understand easy and practice exercises. Thanks
Method simple, clear, and incredibly effective! Exercises are appropriate and links to external material are really useful. I totally recommend!
This course provides basic and necessary grammar for academic essay writings. Tutor is fantastic, and exercises are interactive and interesting.
It is a very good course for people who need a good revision of english  grammar and punctuation. I learn things that i did not know previously.
Though it was mostly a refresher course for me, I enjoyed it. It will help me to be more mindful when I write. Great videos; clear and concise!
Best experience i had while learning. Learning things after a long time is bit difficult but the instructor and assignments are really helpful.
ITS AN WONDERFUL JOURNEY WHERE SIMPLE AND CLEAR EXPALNATIONS HAS GIVEN FOR LEARNERS.I ENJOYED THE COURSE.SPECIAL THANKS TO COURSERA. THANK YOU.
I found it very useful. The videos are very clear, the practice activities were clear and allowed you to apply what was explained in the video.
A really good couse with very good explanations which can be understood from non-native speakers and writers, too, with good basics in English.
I am glad to be doing this course and even it will be helping me until my life time and thank the professors for teaching  me on this platform.
Excellent lecturer,  this course will bring clarity to any questions regarding Grammar and Punctuation.  I highly recommend taking this course.
This was a very interesting course. I had the opportunity to review some topics that will help me improve my writing and to be a better writer.
The first course in English Grammar and Punctuation that I find helpful. It was a pleasure to take this course.  I learned a lot I didn't know.
Very good and easy to understand, especially for me whose English is not the first language. Highly recommended. Thank you, Tammy and UCI team.
Refreshing grammar review. I remember all the grammar I have forgot for years. I become more confident in identifying and punctuating sentence.
It's a great course because I had learned so many things that I had never known before in this course.I appreciated very much for this course.
I have loved the teaching system of the course, it is really very good, I am going to look for another course to study, it is very motivating.
Sentence writing, clause, and parallel structure are explained in very easy way, and also you can get variety of resources to practice online.
I am very happy taht I have passed all the tests! Of course, that was not only up to me, but also to you! Thank you very much for your effort!
great great, i don't about my grammar. But, one thing i learnt that punctuation hard stuff. Actually, it carry excellent videos and exercises.
This course gets to the nuts and bolts of grammar and punctuation. The lectures, exercises, and feedback helped me to review the fundamentals.
A great course, put together in a manner to make learning easy. A lot of practice questions not only made the courmade the concepts very clear
When Comparing learning with the confusion created by the course, 98% learning and 2%confusing,good one and the in between video quiz is good
I was not confident with my writing skill before, and now that I learned a lot from this course, I can say that I am proud of myself already.
Excellent information, thank you for this opportunity. I really learnt a lot about the use of commas and how to enrich my writing. Thank you.
I liked this course, as it is a good refresh of Grammer and punctuation, for writing. I have also learned few thingswhich I never knew about.
At lease for me, this is an excellent course. I have learned a lot of grammar and writing knowledge which would help me in my future writing.
an excellent course, easy to follow. I would like to sincerely thank all the great people who designed this course for every kind of learner.
This was a great MOOC, thank you for sharing your knowledge on the topic Tamy.  I am looking forward to taking your next class in the series.
I totally recommend this course for those who want to be clear with grammar. Lecture is awesome.Thank you very much for offering this course.
This course was very helpful to me to refresh some English grammar. In particular it's good to better understand punctuation and verb tenses.
I love the way you teach in this course, in addition, the extra practice was great. Thank you for your effort, building this type of course.
This was a excellent course, I learned a lot of interesting and useful things to apply in my future as a English teacher. Thank you so much.
The best course teacher provides the best material in the lecture and explains it very well thanks to Coursera and thank all teaching staff.
I loved this course! I enjoyed all exercises, videos and lectures from the beginning until the end! CONGRATULATIONS for such great contents!
It was fun to deal with grammar amd punctuation. I find it enjoyable and educational. I am thankful to the staff who worked on this project.
I really learned a lot from this course. It is a good refresher for those who like to re-learn grammar lessons and to practice good writing.
This is a great class for individuals learning the English Language, and as a refresher course for those who use it as their first language.
The course has been very useful for me to understand, appreciate, and incorporate even the subtle nuances of writing. Thank you very much!!
A very useful course, it helps you to improve your writing skills. The teachers are the best, their explanation is didactic and summarized.
Very good course. Had refreshed the basic and good learning, practice exercises. Thanks to all the tutors who made this course interesting.
First time in my life, I learnt how to use proper commas, and I also learnt the difference between simple, compound and  complex sentences.
Even though I had grown up in the US, I had forgotten most of the grammar I had learned in school. This course really helped me, thank you!
Nice..... I enjoyed it a lot.... Was helpful and not only school students are benefited but also college or post graduated are benefited...
This course provides some basic  knowledge of grammar, especially punctuation. It would be the great foundation to beginning writing essay.
Amazing review of grammar and punctuation.  The class was easy to understand and helped me remember how to properly use things like commas.
The course, was really helpful. I gained a very good knowledge about punctuations, parallel structures, sentences varieties and much more.
This course is amazing with basic things for beginners, and a lot of things for learners. I will surely recommend this course to everyone.
I personally loved the teaching process. It was very clear and well explained with good examples. Thank you for helping me gain knowledge.
Good to recycle knowledge, easy to understand. The teacher has a nice pronunciation, the examples are simple, and the tests are effective.
It is a really good course and I could complete it very quickly learning and reviewing my grammar. I am happy for having taken this course
The lectures were good and useful. Anyone who has confusion or doubts on the correct usage of punctuations should sign up for this course.
I learned plenty with this course. It gave me a broader view about grammar and punctuation. I would like to thank everyone. See you next,
it is a little easy for me, anyway, i have learned a lot from it. it is useful to set an essential for academic writing. thank you a lot.
It was clear and useful. I liked so much, also I would like to say thanks to all the instructors, and I am satisfied with the experience.
good course. easy and useful. I finished it in 3 days, but I will practice what I have learned in the next course of this specialization.
This course was my first one and I think it is a good introduction. I found it useful, practiced, and learned new things. I recommend it.
Really good ! Really recommended for someone who wants to revise the knowledge of Grammar and Punctuation before studied further writing.
The course is very helpful and specific. For me, taking this course is like reviewing some points and getting more detail understandings.
An excellent course! The rules are explained perfectly understandable. Moreover, the approaches are indeed useful and helpful. Thank you.
It's a very well structured and precise course. It has actually helped me a lot to review the basics of English grammar and punctuation.
This course is amazing! I am very satisfied with I learn. All of classes are interactive, dinamic, and acessible. I indicate it! Thanks!
It was awesome learning with coursera.All the instructor's was awesome and they explained each concepts very well.Thank you very much :)
I truly recommend this course. It gives you not only details of the grammar but power to become a better version of you: a great writer.
This course is very interesting and useful! Totally recomended for those who would like to review basic rules and gain some knowledge ;)
This course is amazing, it helps me understands things that I had a lot of trouble with before. I love all the explanation and examples.
It is a good course. It gave me a better insight about nuances of English Grammar. I wish the team very best in their future endeavours.
It has been the start of a great journey. I loved the classes as well as the activities, quizzes, peer group discussions. Thanks a lot.
Actually, this course is an opportunity to review all English grammar. Although it talks about punctuation, the key is in the semantic.
This is a wonderful course ever seen. Designed easily and effectively. Gained a lot of novel things related to Grammar and Punctuation.
Good course for beginners. The information here equipped learners with good foundation and help them write English sentences correctly.
I attended the course as an audit. I would like to thank you very much for your efforts and time dedicated to this making it available.
This is a nice course, very compact and efficient, and it helped me to see some punctuation issues, I got from other languages I speak.
This course has improved my writing and my understanding to different types of sentences. My punctuating skills has been improved, too.
It was a wonderful experience. I feel like I can write an award winning essay, or a New York best-seller after completing this course.
I loved this course! The lectures were short and informative. A lot of practice exercises and quizzes helped consolidating the theory.
I think this is a brilliant course for the beginners. Things are very clearly explained and exercses are very good. I really liked it.
Got to revisit basic verb forms, tenses, punctuation usage and sentence structure. Includes a decent number of resources for practice.
It was really helpful for me as I am starting my career. I will help me to boost my confidence and also helped me to brush up my basis
This course is very beneficial; it contains a lot of valuable and applicable information that would help anyone improve their writing.
This course is definitely worthwhile because it helped improve my English, and also my future academics and professional career goals.
thank you coursera for this course ,and i am very happy for learning with you on coursera web site ; i wish i can complete more course
It is a super helpful course. I also wish if some pdf documents could be provided as well that we could download and keep revising it.
The adequate explanations about clauses and the exercises linked to each chapter brought me a lot of confidence in my English writing.
An excellent course to refresh what you have learned during your high school days. Easy to understand and follow. I recommend it 100%.
Very informative and easy to learn. The course length is reasonable and suitable for leisure time solidifying grammar and punctuation.
Reviewing grammar and punctuation was a great help for the course Teaching English as a Second Language.  I am glad for the refresher.
I LIKED THE COURSE AND ENJOYED EVERY LESSON, ECPECIALLY THERE ARE  A LOT OF PRACTICE PROVIDED TO DIGEST THE TOPICS DEEPLY. THANK YOU!
An amazing course with valuable content. No time waste. I am glad that I got enrolled in this course. Much enthusiastic for next one.
Through all the course it was very easy to follow, understand and participate. In overall, extremely interactive. I had a lot of fun.
Very nice course. I did just free version, but I enjoyed it. I learned a lot, videos are nicely done and clearly explained. Thank you
Really easy and useful. The method that they use to teach English grammar is excellent because they provide enough practice examples.
Thank you for your effective teachings skills. Teachers like you at MOOC make the world a better place! Thank you again! Best wishes!
Excellent help and teaching. Loved the "Language is cake," as this made the information more interesting to review and to understand.
Thanks for course. After learned, I reviewed grammar and punctuation when I wrote essay, learning for next course is very very easy.
The course is effective in guiding participants on how to punctuate correctly and differentiate between different type of sentences.
This course was very useful for me. I learned a lot of grammar rules. Also, It is a great course if you want to revise your English.
i enjoyed taking this mooc. very well structured and straight on the points and details.plenty of practice exercises. i recommend!!!
This course was amazing since I can write better my sentences, paragrahps and any type of tex . I have enjoyed so much all lessons.
I has a basisi for grammar and punctuation, so I'm a not a really begginer. But it was very helpful to recall all the needed rules.
Very Good Course content as well as the teacher. The content was covered with lots of examples which was good to understand easily.
One of the best and full of knowledge course which I experienced. I loved it and learned the things which I didn't knew the use of.
Thank you coursera, UCI, and the instructors for this helpful course. The explanation is great, and the feedback is really helpful.
It's a very good course. I liked it so much; I have learned some great writing skills, and I have benefited a lot from this course.
Great course and it will be better if were free.Nevertheless, a great course to improve your English grammar. Great for ELS.Cheers!
this course was great and helpful to my English study. I've learned some skills that could help me to write better academic essay.
This was a good course and taught me things which weren't taught in school. It looks simple, but it is effective and to the point.
Very good course, it's easy to listen and lecture for beginner because instructor speak clearly and slowly for make understanding.
I'm happy that I was able to finish this course even though I am working. I like how you made it simple but also knowledgeable. :)
It was a really helpful and quick course to revise all important and basic aspects of grammar and punctuation. I highly recommend.
Exceptionally good! Just check if there are any punctuation errors in these sentences. If not, You are good to take-up the course.
This was an awesome opportunity to learn about the english grammar and to find an educational material to study. 100% recommended.
It's an interesting course , helpful , and amazing one . Thanks a lot for this chance to learn from  such a brilliant university .
The quality of the course is great. The explanations are clear and conveyed in a way you can easily absorb. I highly recommend it.
Great course and tutor. I've put in place all my grammar knowledge and learned a bunch of completely new things about punctuation.
Very simple and clear explanations. The exercises helped a lot, particularly, because they were provided with immediate feedback.
This is a new experience for me after twenty-five years, I have got an opportunity to gain knowledge on grammar and punctuations.
This course helped me to clear my doubts about tenses and sentences.Because I get less errors or Grammarly, I can see the result.
Thank you so much for that course! I loved it. It was very interesting, useful and easy to understand. The teacher is just great!
I strongly recommend this course for everyone who wants to improve English. All so clear and easy to understand. I like it a lot!
Very good course, I learned a lot about Grammar and Punctuation. A very friendly teacher. It´s a fast way to improve our writing.
I really liked the information mentioned in this course. They were very helpful and I cannot wait to finish this specialization.
All the materials were extravagant. So was the practice tests and popup tests between the videos. Quite content with the course.
This firs part of the course helped me to understand the different types of sentences and use them to improve my writing skills.
It was more than amazing and beyond my expectations. This is the first time learning on Coursera and it won't be the last time..
Great concepts that are simple to implement but clearly will make a difference in the way that your writing acumen is evaluated.
Grammar and Punctuation, I always had some issues. I got to learn a lot and improve more. I am looking forward to other courses.
Useful course for those, who want to improve their punctuation skills and resume with the following courses from this programme.
I think this course is so useful,and I benefit alot from it.for that I recommend this course to who want to enhance his writing.
Actually, this is awesome course and helps learners of English and academic writing as well. I loved it 100% and I hope you so.
I like this course very much as I need this course and also taught me the basic grammar. This course will help me in my future.
I want my grammer and punctuation course certificate in English not in chinese. Please edit the course name chinese to english.
More than perfect.The learner without any doubt will become a professional teacher.Thankyou courser for everything.Dahlia Azzam
This is a great grammar course. It reviewed rules I had forgotten about, and it taught me new elements I hadn't learned before.
I liked the peer review exercise style, and enjoyed very much the videos and explanations. Thank you very much for this course.
It's an important course to understand the fundamental of verb tenses, punctuation and conjunctions. High recommended to study.
This course is amazing and has helped me get a better understanding of the English grammar. I definitely would recommend 10/10!
I just love they way they have made complicated thing simple. and the teacher is so good i just enjoyed through out the course
Good course to improve grammar (varying sentence structures, using comma correctly in sentences, different sentence types etc)
It was great opportunity for me to learn from professional like this that help me to correct my every doubt about punctuation.
Excellent training course I enjoyed the time spent listening to the lessons
Much benefited
Thank you and good luck to everyone
Thank you so for this very course. I have learned so much. Now, I can dare to say that I am able to write an essay in English.
It was a great experience to go through the exercises and the lessons patiently and revise whatever I had learned. Thank you.
Excellent course! I remember many rules from previous courses, and I am ready to keep advancing my English skills.... thanks.
nicely explained and made every topic clear.Lots of questions to practice also.you can test your learning by giving quiz also
Very well structured course. Really helped me a lot in improving English grammar. Thank you for a great and enriching course.
This is an excellent platform to learn English grammar. I thank, Coursera for providing me a scholarship to join this course.
I very much like this course. Due to this course, I improve my self a lot. Now, I feel more confident about my writing skils.
It is absolutely exceptional. I have learn a lot and I would recommend anyone who is interested improving his English skills.
Highly recommended, I speak good english, but need to learn the grammar rules that I procacinated on learning in high school.
Amazing course, I would recommend it to anyone who wants to improve their writing and communication skills.Thank you so much!
It was very useless for people who want to be a writer. Thank you very much for wonderful organization and interesting tasks!
A very good review for grammar. The teachers speaks very clearly and makes sure to explain well.  I would defiantly recommend
The theacher´s explanations are quite and understandable, and i learned many things that i didn´t know. Highly recommende!!!
This course is just awesome. The lessons are easy to learn. Thanks to the instructor and all the staff who made this course.
Great course, the lessons are very organized. I learned many things that I have been never though during my English courses.
Thank you so much. I have learnt alot and now my teaching term is about to start so I can practise all I learnt here so far.
I give 5 stars to this course, I want to say thank to University of California, Irvine that i can improve my english grammar
The course was great ,and i learned a lot when taking this course. Once again, thank you for who makes the course available.
I really enjoyed taking part in this course. It have lots of materials for learning and lots of resource for studying more .
Great course to help you with the basics of grammar and punctuation. Enjoyed it a lot - Thank you, University of California!
This course is very helpful. I had some problems about this topics but now I have got a clear concept. Thank you very much.
It' s very nice, we can know how sentences' structure going. Besides, we also learnt some basic grammar for better writing.
Very helpful in bringing my grammar and punctuation skills to a basic level. The course is very concise and easy to follow.
I found this course very helpful. It laid a solid foundation on which, I can now gain further proficiency in essay writing.
Great teacher - made everything to understand. Thank you ever so much!!!!! (I know that was a terrible use of punctuation.)
This course very useful for a good revision of your basic grammar concepts. The way the course is taught is also very good
The way instructors elaborate about grammar and punctuation is just amazing feeling happy to learn from you all thank you.
It was simple and concise. I love how the modules were made to easily make the learners understand easily in a short time.
Very complete course. Sometimes I had problem with the interphase that allows you to do practice exercise in many of them.
It was a very good course, it gave me lots of new information and help me understand some points that I couldn´t go throug
My grammar and punctuation has improved ten-fold because of this course.Thank you so much Tamy and everyone else involved.
This is a very good course for everyone who wants to better or refresh their grammar and punctuation for a writing ordeal.
Very useful, but you need to have a good base English grammar knowledge. Logically-built, well-organized course. liked it!
The course is very complete! The teachers give excellents explications, and I am really gratefull for all the experience!
I am grateful to have enrolled int his course. It's really good to refresh grammar lessons since it's useful in my field.
That was a really good introductory course about grammar and the correct use of pontuaction. It didn't disappoint at all.
I really enjoyed this course. It has provided me all the necessary concepts in the best way. Thank You to the Course Team
Amazing, I like this course so much. It learns me many thing that I was confused before.I recommended this course so much
This course is useful; it has helped me to learn more about how to write effectively in terms of grammar and punctuation.
I am really satisfied with the course. I learnt new ideas and concepts about English grammar. This is a wonderful course.
I really like short courses which give you a lot. I learnt many key, although simple, points from this course. Thank you.
Before taking this course, I had no confidence in my writing. Now I feel strong and ready to take on the literary world!
This course is very much helpful for me . From this course I can understand the perfect use of grammar and punctuation .
Good experience and  i learned many new things to improve my english by using this grammer,.. i hope will also like it..
This is very useful course i am satisfied with this. It improve my writing skills and gives me confidence in my writing.
Coursers is helpful because we can learn here something we can't learn to others. It helps us develop our hidden skills.
I'm truly in love with Coursera for making these invaluable courses available at an affordable cost, Thank you Coursera.
I've learned a lot in this course, I know there are so many things to improve, but I can say: it was very worth to take.
Very good course; it was structured in a very simple and efficient way. Also, it made see this kind of things very easy!
I learnt the different forms of sentences, differences between tenses and sentence varieties. Thank you for this course.
This is a great course for learners who are looking for a principal course to study or self-standardize academic writing
This is a great course. It solved many of my writing problems. The last part of the videos need some improvement though.
I liked these classes a lot because I didn't know too much about punctuation, parallel structure, and sentence variety.
An amazing course for to improve the writing. I got to learn more about grammar and punctuation rules from this course.
Good material and simple, fluid explanation. Perfect for anyone who wants to keep his grammar and punctuation in check!
Excellent! Very easy to understand, It has helped me a lot to improve some of my English skills :) Thank you very much.
The course proved very helpful, since it has equipped me with the necessary skills to be more effective in my writing.
It is an amazing course, designed very beautifully,which gives you a grand information about grammar and punctuation .
The course is so easy to understand and useful. It has lots of materials for exercising after class. 100% recommended.
its really helpful for not only beginner student but also good learner who try to improve his/her english in expertly.
Excellent course. I am completely satisfied with it. You really develop a lot of grammar skills. I highly recommend it
This is a great course. It has a lot of practices and a good peer-review. The presentation is nice with clear content.
This course taught me bunch of tricks for using commas at a right place. overall it was a good learning about grammar.
Excellent course. I enjoyed it. Perfect explanations, lots of examples. Learned a lot of new things. Thanks, Coursera.
It was clear and easy to understand, so I felt like I learned a lot from this course. It was a great refresher course.
The course provided an effective review of grammar and  punctuation that enabled me to move on to more writing courses
Grammar and Punctuation is an amazing course, and I recommend this course to anyone who needs help with There grammar.
Nice course, if you have a little bit knowledge about writing and understanding, this course will definitely help you.
Thanks to this course, I refreshed my knowledge and this course helped me a lot to improve myself. Thank you a lot...
I really liked it. The information is very clear to undesrtand. Thank you very much for this course and explanations!
A good lesson, this lesson is very clear to teach me how to use grammar, how to writing and so on, thank you so much.
I always wanted to take a course that explained the grammar of the English language and I really liked it. Thank you!
thank you for the instructor and her team! I really enjoyed  this course and learned about punctuation, also grammar.
Excellent Course for Second English Language Learners, very interactive, and with a lot of clear and useful examples.
Great instruction! I highly recommend this course specializations for anyone who wants to have better English skills.
This course is very useful for learning basic grammar .I have gained some knowledge about grammar.Thank you coursera.
thank you so much from the bottom of my heart, it was really amazing course.
I appreciate your efforts.

best regards
Is the excellent course. It helped me to learn more about grammar and the use of commas. It is perfect for beginners.
It's a very nice course. I get to learn a lot of things which will lead me to a successful and well developed career.
Sentence variety had never appeared on my radar before this course. I can see it that it's making me a better writer.
This is a very good course especially to those who would like to hone their writing prowess. Thank you for this MOOC!
Very useful course. So little attention at school is on punctuation which is really important in writing assignments.
I love the clear explanation. I like the pace of the teacher and all the materials here. Thank you for decent lecture
Dear Tammy, After your class, I am really glad that i got the confidence to write without much of punctuation errors.
I am glad that i have choose this site. It is very helpfull and best site ever for the people who relly want to learn
It is a fundamental course to improve your writing skills. It is very useful for everyone who in any way writes mails
It was a nice course. The materials are good and the instructor is good as well. Learned very much from this course.
I have learned a lot about tenses, punctuation, parallel sentences, and all other English technicalities. Thank you!
A good review of basic but essential grammar points. It's a must taken class if you want to start writing something.
A good course that tackled basic grammar principles! Also, a great segue into the next course in the specialisation.
This course is more than amazing. I have been looking for such a course for many years, so i really thank corsera...
very clear and consequent lesson for those who have problem with comma, punctuation, conjunction and transition use.
Thank you for a fun and informative course (of cours I love grammar!) there is nothing like saying something right!!
Good review of English grammar and punctuation! I have a lot more confidence with my writing ability now! Thank you!
This was really helpful. I already know English, but this still helped me understand sentence structure much better.
This class is exceptionally great! It's the best review I ever had for grammar and punctuation! Thanks to Coursera!!
This course helped clarify the uses of commas and semi-colons and the structure of parallel structures in sentences.
What a great refresher course! The professor really simplified the content into a format that was easily understood.
im learned a lot from this course. I would recommend this to others who wanted to improve their english. thank you!
Easy to understand course for beginners. Anyone who has interest in the English language should pursue this course.
The content of the course was very much related and explained with utmost clarity. its great to earn with Coursera.
It was a great opportunity to interact with people from all around the world and polish my grammar and punctuation!
Loved the class! The material was very well organized and not overwhelming. Looking forward to taking more courses.
Thanks for all who are provided this course, this was very helpful for me and I learned a lot of punctuation rules.
This course is really important for us to write a sentence correctly. Feeling proud to be a student of this course.
This course was much important to me, it will help me a future application to USA University for maybe PHD program.
I liked the course. It improves not only my writing but also my confident through involvement in reviewing process.
I really enjoyed taking this course and I recommend it to anyone who want to improve his English grammatical skills
I found this course very helpful and useful. I would add only one thing: more graduated exercises.Thank you for it.
The material and assessments were very insightful and precise. Overall, a wonderful course. I highly recommend it.
This gave me a strong foundation to move forward with my writing. It is the simple stuff that make the difference.
Everything was perfect and great All the lessons were well-developed and gave me skills of grammar and punctuation
I really liked the course, the way I could do the exercises, and the way that the themes were presented.Thank you!
In this course you will learn different variety of sentence structures.  It is very clear, concise, and punctuate.
It's amazing course that has helped me a lot to dispel my confusion. Thank a lot to the course designers and UCI.
I totally loved it. I've benefitted immensely from how to use commas; similarly, I've learnt a lot of new things.
It made my basic more strong..I am really thankful to coursera and the teachers who gave there valuable lectures.
The course is excellent. The explanations are clear and very understandable. Certainly, a great help for writing.
Through it's entirety, this has been a great course.Great to brush up and go for other courses.It's a kick start.
I think I have never seen such intense, rich and amusing lecture for this topic in particular.so, thanks a lot...
i  have little confuse in parallel sentences but now i am clear with that. thank you ,for providing such a course
Simply amazing! This course is a must for everyone who uses the English language. A complete power packed course!
This course has given me the confidence to use commas and semi-colons, the most difficult punctuations to master.
A very good course; short but condence in knowleged. Highly recommended for all who want to produce good English.
A very good course. Very usefull and practical to remember the basics of grammar, punctuation, sentences and etc.
This is a good overview of the basics. I enjoyed the practice exercises and interaction with fellow "classmates".
The course is very useful especially for beginners who want to learn grammar and punctuation. Overall I love it.
This course has helped me to understand English in a deeper level and made me confident in writing and speaking.
I learnt many things that I don't know those before ; I liked punctuation part most. This course enlightened me.
This course has been great! I learned a great deal of grammar rules that will make my writing better. Thank you!
Very good course. I have reviewed some grammatical and punctuation knowledge while I have learned something new.
This course helped me a lot to punctuate correctly and to understand the different kind of sentences in English.
I thought this course was a great review to key concepts for using proper english, and being able to write well.
Without doubt, I recommend this course because it summarizes a lot of things that you should know about writing.
This course teach me about grammar and punctuation with interactive method, so I can learn every lessons easily.
Clear and enjoyable. Not too easy not too challenging. Thanks for offering me this opportunity of personal grow.
Really I enjoyed this course. Through this course I could improve my grammar as well as cleared so many doubts.
The course is really easy to follow ,and great to brush up on your per-existing grammar and punctuation skills.
It was a nice course.One suggestion though: Please make your overview and week by week program a bit organised.
I enjoyed while learning this course and learned how and where to use Punctuation, also formation of sentences.
This course was a big help for me. It is the subtle things that make your writing more inspirational. Thank You
Very educational and easy to understand.Thank you University of California, Irvine and coursera for the chance.
I am extremely grateful for this course, because I improved my writing and comprehension towards my objectives.
An amazing course which I'd recommend to everybody who wants to improve their punctuation knowledge in English.
It was good for revising and refreshing my knowledge in the area. And also, for learning some useful new rules.
The course is great. I learnt a lot from it, and I liked the Tamy Chapman delivered the content of this course.
It was a great help for me to start understanding how to write correctly. I'm gonna definitely start using it!!
Such a helpful course! I like the explanations. And it was good oportunity to discuss with peers our knowledge.
Learn a lot of useful knowledge in English writing. Enjoy the course and continue my way to finish all of them.
Honestly, this course was very simple and esay to understand but very usefull to improve my ability in writing.
The course is very useful. It helped me to organize my knowledge of punctuation and avoid the typical mistakes.
Thanks for this course. I learned and practices too much; also, i improve my english and remember many things.
This course is very useful for those whose can speak and write English, but are not good with the punctuation.
Great lecture video, quizzes were standard and was structured to make students understand what is been taught.
it was a great review of grammar and punctuation, it would have been nice to print the slides as you go along.
This excellent course has been a great help for a non-native speaker like me to improve my writing in English.
This course is basic yet informative. A great refresher course with a lot of resources and practice exercises.
Good course. I learned a lot through the course and hoping it will help me in my future endeavors on writing.
I am delighted to complete the course from  California University that helped me learn the grammar in English
It is so easy to understand , and it's interesting to learn.I feel very happy and comfortable while learning.
Parallel structure and Sentence varieties will help me a lot in future. Thanks for the well-organized course.
Everything was absolutely great and Helpful. I loved every lesson being tackled in this course. Thanks a lot!
excelent course, i learnt a lot of simple things that can serves me to do a big essays in my grammar, thanks.
By listening this lecture i learned English grammar.How to use and where to use the grammar and Punctuations.
There were many doubts in my mind regarding punctuations, by this course i have cleared my almost all doubts.
This is an excellent course!! I have learned a lot and feeling more confident than before.Thank you Coursera!
The best course English grammar course with the best explanation. Thank you for offering such useful modules.
It was an amazing course! I'm so glad that I decided to take it,I have learned a lot about writing sentences!
This is a very useful course. I learned a lot and I enjoyed the interactions with my classmates : )Thank you!
It was a good revision of what I studied in my school days and I hope will greatly enhance my writing skills.
This course is knowledgeable and worth every second of your time. Especially, I liked the practice materials.
I love this course. Easy for a foreigner to understand, yet very effective, so everyone achieves their goals.
Very well-organized, very clear and straight to the point. All the materials and exercises are really useful.
It is a great course. You will learn what kind of sentences exist and how to uses commas correctly and more!!
The best course that I've ever taken! This course helps me to improve my English so well. Thank you so much.
It was amazing course. I'm glad to do this type of course. it will be helpful for improve my writing skills.
It is a good introductory course, After finishing the course, I feel more confident about my writing skills.
This course helped me a lot. I learned so many things from this and it was a fun-filled learning experience.
I really learnt a lot from this course; suggest this course to all the people who have problem with grammar.
This course reviews the basic sentence structure to everyone wanting to improve their essay writing ability.
Nobody taught me punctuations in my school like the instructors explained so comprehensively in this course.
From this course, I know many details about how to use grammar and punctuation correctly, it is very useful!
Very informative! It was so helpful in refreshing my memory and adding things in that I didn't know as well.
The course was very good for me to revise old concepts and also at the same time to learn some new concepts.
This course was very useful and brushed up some of the rules of punctuation and taught me some new ones too.
This course is very good for basic learning, I practice much of my basics due to this course which I forget.
The course is amazing! It is very straightforward, well recorded, and the lectures are quick and objective.
Simple and Effective course, One can learn many things in English writing regarding tenses and punctuation.
This course is very very good I like this: however, this course help me on my English writing. Thank you :)
Very good for beginners who want to learn basics of English grammar from one of the best sources available.
For the first time, I studied Punctuation carefully. I refreshed my memory, through, studied grammar again.
This course is really wonderful. I learnt a lot of things throughout the course. Highly recommended course.
Really,this is great to learn and to know new points .Thnaks a lot ,this course made my holidays memorable.
This course is very good. It is simple and easy to follow. I love it!Thanks for preparing this nice course.
Very good to learn the differences between each kind of sentences, and how is the punctuation for each one.
It is good. Even though I could not grasp all the ideas, I am happy to learn the importance of punctuation.
Thank you very much for this course! I learnt a lot, because the lessons were pretty clear and interesting.
It was a very interesting course especially for those who are not English native speakers. I learned a lot.
Beautifully designed, professional demeanor, I liked the course! Strongly recommend completing this course!
its is good for learning and  lot of to clear the grammatical mistakes.i got a lot helpful by this course.
The course was very effective and easy to learn. It is very helpful to make a writing effectively. Thanks.
I am very happy with the course material as well as how it is designed. Currently, I feel I can write bett
I'm very happy for this course, not only for learning grammar and punctuation but also for improving them.
Awesome course, I have learnt so many new things here that is really very helpful in my career.Thank you..
Very easy and comprehensive review, good for both beginners and individuals with better grasp of English.
This course was really helpful. I am confident that ,with practice, I will not make errors in my writing.
That was really great.Though i had a lot of mistakes in the quiz section,but i tried my best to overcome.
Amazing and specific English basics and sentence structure course. It will truly boost your writing alot.
THAT COURSE WAS VERY COMPLETE AND INTERESTING. LEARNING, READING, PRONUNCIATION, AND KNOWING THE GRAMMAR.
Really basic, and after learning so many English grammars, it gives out a good order on how to do writing
Love this course. So easy to learn new tenses or just go through the grammar rules that you already know.
Well structured course. Just to the point course with things that gets us started as quickly as possible.
I needed a refresher and this was a perfect fit.  In particular, I liked the fact that it was self-paced.
The course is very basic, but useful to brush-up on some skills before moving on to more serious topics.
The course is a refresher for graduate students and good to start for beginners in understanding English
thank you for giving me a chance to learn more about english. hopefully i can keep improving my english.
This course benefits me very much. It made me know new skills that I didn't know. Thanks for everything.
This is a really a great course .i have learnt lots of things from this especially the use punctuations.
I am very thankful for the efforts putting in this unit. I have learnt a lot on punctuation and grammar.
The best course I've ever done. I've never found such a thorough and careful approach about punctuation.
The best course! Information is given clearly and understandably. I enjoyed participating in the course.
The course is didactically well organized and very interactive. Thanks for the opportunity of learning!
This course helped me a lot in clearing my doubts and learning new things in English grammar. Thank you
This course was very detailed and explanatory. I have learnt a lot from this course. Thanks to Coursera
I loved this course! It helped me a lot. It's a good course if you want to improve your grammar skills.
I have a great time reviewing the fundamentals in grammar and punctuation required for college classes.
I have learned many things especially in making a great sentences with correct grammar and punctuation.
Was so amazing to be able to learn new things about grammar and punctuation. Thank you so much coursera
This course is very practical. I recommend it to all students who want to improve their English skills.
This course really helped me a lot¡ It was very practical and easy to understand¡ Thank you very munch¡
It has helped me with writing complex sentences and adhering to parallel structure when writing essays.
The course was amazing. I had the opportunity to learn how to use the punctuation in my writing skills.
I give my strong recommendation about this course to all of you who want to improve your English skills
I'm so grateful that I found this course, as it helped me a lot in improving basic English. Thank you.
This course helped me review a lot of the basics that I seem to have forgotten. I highly recommend it.
very good effort to make learning easy and step wise guidance .Most of the practice link did not open.
I had difficulty following courses because they were mostly lengthy. Yet this course is very informati
A very helpful course and I will recommend it for everyone looking to improve their punctuation skill.
I learned many things from this course. Thank you coursera to give me a chance to complete the course.
Very interesting and very easy to follow up. I'm starting to be confident in my future writing skills.
This course is very important to help us improve our writing, listening and reading skills in English!
Great course, complete with interactive activities to review our knowledge in Grammar and Punctuation!
it was a good experience and i learned a lots about English grammar and punctuation.thankyou everyone
It was great joining this course. I got lots of new knowledge about writing with correct punctuation.
A complete course to learn grammar the instructors explain each topic very well. Thank you very much.
This course really made me learn the fundamental knowledge that helps for improving the writing skill
It's a good course.It's help you to learn sentence,Parallel structure and punctuation also.Thank you.
My writing skills has got lot better and grammatical improvement is seen ,all thanks to this course .
This course was the best decision I ever made. Now, I can perfect an essay with the tools I received.
I am now more confident in writing, and I need not worry about correct grammar and punctuation usage.
This course helped me to identify the positive and negative apects of my writing. Thank you Coursera!
I've learnt a lot from it! =) Thank you for creating opportunities for all ESL students and teachers!
I liked it very much. This course helped me to understand a lot of topics which i din't in the past.
Great MOOC! Never thought about the importance of punctuation, it helped a lot in writing correctly.
Thanks again. This course is very helpful for me. I revised my grammar. Thanks. Course is very good.
THIS COURSE REALLY HELPED ME TO STUDY NEW THINGS AND CORRECTED THE MISTAKES I USED BEFORE IN WRITING
The course is very effective, and everything explained ,by, tutor in video clips is understandable .
the course is wonderful, clear and explain all the parts of academic writing. it is really helpfull.
i am very satisfied with the course content. very professional and systematic plus student friendly.
This a great course ,it enables students to understand the use of grammar and punctuation correctly.
All the things I learned are going to be very useful. Simple tips but necessary for our improvement.
I learned a lot about the type of sentences, use of adverbs, transitional words and punctuation!!!!!
I am feeling confident about using proper grammar and punctuation in my writing. Thank you Coursera!
Thanks a lot! This is a very helpful course! I highly recommend it for everyone who studies English!
The course helped me to improve my English Grammar. Now, I can write paragraphs better than earlier.
I enjoyed this course.  After being out of school 50 years, it really was a great refresher course.
I am so thankful for this course because I could obtain more tools to improve on my writing skills.
A very effectively structured course. The work of the teachers is highly commendable. Thanks a ton!
This course really clear some important topics for beginners, who have little knowledge of English.
Thanks a lot... It surely made my a lot confident now for my skills...Thanks again..Love you guys..
It was very interesting and so useful course. I have learnd a lot about punctuation and verb tenses
I highly recommend this course, it is so easy and they provide you with a lot of gradual exercises.
This course is clear, systematic and easy to learn and grasp in a logical way.Thank you, professor.
Great course!!!!! It helps me to clearly understand some questions which puzzled  me several years.
I have been learning English since 1999, but this course was the best one that I have ever studied.
I learned a lot of new thing, ideally we don't bother what we write; but we make a lot of mistakes.
The course helped me to remember all forgotten things, and I learned some valuable new information.
Good review of basic grammar rules and good opportunities to practice them to improve your writing.
It was an amazing experience! What I have learned will be so useful to brush up my English skills!
Good course. Many practical exercises that will improve your grammar. I really enjoyed the course.
Maam, it was a well designed and user-friendly course. It helped me a lot to improve.Thanking you.
The course is very good. Very clear information and learning about grammar and types of sentenses.
It gives a clear and detailed explanation of the basics and more number of questions for practice.
Many exercise links didn't work but videos were perfect! I would definitely recommend this course.
It is a wonderful course. The teacher has a very beautiful accent.It was nice to take this course.
This course suit for one who want to write essay but don,t know how to start. I have learnt a lot.
Really good. Brushed up my knowledge on English. Would recommend to anyone with a lot of money. :P
I learnt some basic but important things about common English writing. Great job. Love the course!
This helped me remember and understand many grammar topics. It had a lot of very good information.
It is really an amazing course. It was helpful for me a lot and the lecturer was great. Thank you.
I really learned a lot from this course. This totally allowed me to use the sentence effectively.
Through this Coursera course, I feel confident that I could do better in my academic performance.
Dear instructors,  Thank you so much !It is a useful course which I learnt lot of writing skills.
This course has given me a great understanding on how to effectively use grammar and punctuation.
This class helped to remind about Grammar and Punctuation to me.This has been very helpful to me.
I would highly recommend this course for brushing up your basics for sentence building and punctu
This was an easy-to-follow and helpful refresher on grammar and punctuation. Thank you very much.
In brief, an excellent course on grammar
and punctuation. Thanks to our instructor, Tamy Chapman.
I couldn't afford to pay for the course, but I really learnt a lot about grammar and punctuation.
One of the best courses by Coursera, it significantly helps me increase my punctuation knowledge.
this really helped me out a ton i have improved my grammar.I am good at grammar after this course
It's help me to improve my grammar and punctuation alot.. Thank you UCI & thank you coursera.  :D
Very complete, useful, and interesting. Besides, various links are provided for further practice.
This course gave me basic knowledge of Grammar. Also, I learned about how to punctuate properly.
Really, I have learnt a lot new things about writing english correctly in this course. Good one!
Great course! I would definitely recommend it to those who'd like to improve their punctuations!
It's an excellent course that taught me so many new things to enhance my English writing skills.
I think it is a great course for learning all the necessary steps to become an excellent writer!
Great course for developing basic grammar skills as well as reviewing and practicing the skills.
it is very helpful for me to practice more and more to help me improve the knowledge of grammar.
This course is fundamental for writing. I learn many new information, especially in punctuation.
This course lays the foundation and explain complex things in a systematic way. I learned a lot.
A great course to understand the structure and order of words, statements, and any part of text.
This course was awesome, I have learned lots of things which I have never come across with them.
A good course which to recall some college studies and learn more about punctuation and writing,
Ecellent course! I have always struggled with punctuation in English; now I feel more confident!
The course is presented clearly; enough resourses are given to expand the lessons being studied.
Even if you are an native English speaker, this course is a great review. I highly recommend it.
It is really good and as well as it is really helpful to get an idea about this particular one.
This course is really helpful if one would pay his full attention and do practice side by side.
the short video and the quizzes were great. one should go for the specialization in this course
I am very much thanks to you because this course provide me with many skills in writing English
It's quite challenged with learning step by step  .Anyway ,I learned a lot and it's meaningful.
The course has excellent review , exercises and  practice opportunity. I  strongly recommended.
This course is informative and I have learned lots of things through this. I like it very much.
It's a very useful course, you can learn how to use commas and write good sentences in English.
Great course! I liked the format of the lectures and the exercises, very dynamic and objective.
This course is practical. You get clever instructions, and all activities are simple and clear.
Everything you need to know about punctuation to contruct a good essay included in this course.
As a second language speaker is always good to review this kind of material. Excellent course!
It was a very helpful course, and it helped me remember the grammar rules I studied at school.
I learned a lot of tips to improve my writings in both grammar and punctuation. I recommend it
I  liked the way in which they taught us basic grammar and punctuation in a really simple way.
Excellent course.I could not open all practice sessions because it was blocked on my computer.
It is quite helpful as in India, english is mostly used to address people only in High school.
THANKS A LOT. I HAVE TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF THESE GREAT RESOURCES!! EXCELLENT TEACHERS AND VIDEOS!
it was good enough course. i have learned many thing from there. thank you so much my teacher.
Very useful helping me in revising my knowledge and preparing for my Master Thesis. Thank you!
this course is excellent, my sentence composition has been improved after watching your video.
The course is well designed and makes you understand grammar and punctuation in a easy manner.
Excellent resource with practical exercise to improve your English on grammar and punctuation.
Great course, a good review and a good first step in learning more about the English language.
too much informative. Those who are beginners and want to get excellence in writing, DO JOIN.
This course is also great for people looking to refresh their grammar and punctuation skills.
This course helped me so much in rearrange my understand of learning Grammar and Punctuation.
I learned a lot from this course. It helped me improve my communication skills. Thanks a lot!
Very useful course. The way teacher describe all the lesson step by step ,its really helpful.
A well-organized course with simple and easily understandable explanations. thank you so much
I loved it. The lectures are easy to follow and there are a lot of examples to practice with.
Really  enjoyed learning this course.It helped me a lot in improving my English . Thank You!!
It is a very good course. It iniated me to learn basic grammer and puctuation in a lucid way.
The course is really great and helpful. I really appreciate everything the professors learnt.
This course was exactly what I needed for my studies. I am glad to have it passed! Thank you!
I loved this course! It helped me brush up on a lot of skills that are essential for writing!
I like this course very much, it gives me more information for Grammar and Punctuation essay.
Very clear and concise. If you need a quick refresher of grammar, this is the course for you!
This is a very basic course. But I still recommend anyone to take it to refresh one's memory.
This course is very helpful for anyone who is seeking improvement in grammar and punctuation.
It was an amazing course. Lots of my confusion about grammars and punctuation was clarified.
It's a very good platform for online study. I'll advise to my friends for study on Coursera.
Thank you for easy and understandable explanations, good examples and an effective platform.
I love it. It is a relatively simple course, but it is surprisingly interesting and helpful.
Thanks! Some examples required me to use google to find out why things are the way they are.
This is good and informative. And it provides with the knowledge of grammar and punctuation.
I learnt  a lot from this course, specially in writing English. Thanks to the Coursera Team.
Well crafted course with very simple descriptive videos by a skilled Instructional Designer.
The course is very food. I learned a lot and became more motivated to learn English. Thanks
It is a good course, they explain it so simple to get the idea and understand its structure
This course is really very helpful as it helped me in improving my academic writing skills.
It is a very interesting  course. The video explanations are very clear and easy to follow.
This is the easiest and simplest course on grammar and punctuation i have taken. Thank you!
I enjoyed taking this course and helped a lot with my writing different types of sentences.
The best online educational platform ever to learn & practice different topics or subjects.
Thank you so much for this course. I learned a lot of things, and I had fun in the process.
Its a good course.I am very weak in English grammar but this course have improved it a lot.
This course is amazing and I learned a lot of concepts and grammar.So Thank you Coursera :)
Splendid course.I've learned a lot, and this course helped me to improve my grammar skills.
It was an outstanding experience, and by the grace of God I have learned a lot! Thanks alot
Course that is essential for starting the writing, and is a complete package for beginners.
I really enjoyed taking this course and look forward to taking more courses, like this one.
A wonderfully presented course. Probably, this is the best course I have taken on Coursera.
It really helped me in brushing up my basic english language concepts. Thanks Alot.cheers !
It is a great learning experience. The lesson plan is self-explanatory and well organized.
The Explanation of the content was easy and simple. It was understandable and very useful.
I really like this course, it help me improve my English skill especially in writing skill
The course was pretty good. I enjoyed it and learn many things.Thanks for the opportunity.
Awesome reminder to all that I had forgotten.  It is put forth in an easy to learn manner.
Finally, I can make some sense of the puctuation rules in the English language. Thank you!
Sometimes it is necessary to have a quick reminder of what you have seen at school! Thanks
I like the video that explains about how to write essay from basic skill to advance skill
I gained a lot of knowledge from this course. Thanks to the highly professional teachers.
This is an amazing course, i will definitely recommend this to my colleagues and friends.
A very useful and complete course, despite being at a beginner level. It helps you a lot.
I like this course. It teaches me not only the basic grammars but also its practical use.
This is an awesome course to rectify your mistakes while framing a sentence or paragraph.
Simply great. Thanks for your efforts, instructor. I have learned a lot from this course.
No water, more examples, all understandable. Thank you, teachers! It was very pleasantly!
I recommend this course for any college student whose English is his\her second language.
This course is Excellent Because through it I knew alot  about  Grammer and punctuation .
I love this course. The instructor explains the topics very well and it's well organized!
Great course! Easy to understand and straightforward in its presentation... Thanks a lot!
This course is a very good refresher for me. Thank you for the very detailed discussion.
In a short time, I feel like I learned a lot of important Grammar and Punctuation rules.
I suggest to use Chrome for opening the exercise since many students use Chrome nowadays
To be honest It was very basic level course. I found it very easy to complete the course
This course was so informative and easy to understand.  One of the best grammar courses.
Amazing and simple explanations of grammar and punctuation along with lots of exercises.
i have learnt quite a lot about punctuation ristrictions of writing through this course.
This course is very useful for reviewing basic rules ... I benefited a lot ... Thank you
Good course to refresh or just understand the basics of English punctuation and grammar.
This course is great. It helped me a lot to understand more about grammar. Thanks a lot!
It is a very good course but maybe it is not a good idea the examination among partners.
Very nice course for someone, who has not studied English in English speaking countries.
Good course with a simple structure to deepen your knowledge in grammar and punctuation.
Great course to review some basic English grammar. Lectures are very easy to understand.
I am so happy to have taken this amazing course, it really helped me a lot. Thank you :)
Excellent course. I learnt a lot regarding English grammar. I love the course very much.
good course to revise old stuff. thank you to all of you, who make this course awesome.
very useful course to improve our writing skills to use correct punctuation and grammar
A welcomed reminder of the basics of writing. I learnt alot and would recommend it 100%
I developed my grammer and punctuation skills thanks to this course. Thank you so much.
this course taught me the nuances of grammar and punctuation. Thanks a lot for the aid.
It is a really good course. I was able to revise some contents and learn new ones, too.
This course help me a lots to fix my grammar and trick for writing an essay. Thank you.
It was very interesting, i learned so much and have motivated me to keep going to learn
This is a good course if you are struggle with grammar. I enjoyed dong this it was fun.
The course is well organized. The explanations are clear and the examples very helpful.
I could understand some concepts by the way they were explained that I couldn't before.
Hey ny name maryam . I want to start  to learn this lesson for  help me   in university
Clear course structure, it's good for beginner to know the  essential rules of writing.
I really enjoyed the interaction with other classmates through peer graded assignments.
I love this program am learning a lot... I wish I get financial aid to earn certificate
Very helpful course. Thank you all for putting together this excellent course material.
The best course to start if we have confusion on how to punctuate sentences correctly.
great course! thanks for helping everyone out who is struggling to understand grammar.
I think this course is good for beginners and those who want to refresh their English.
Thank you very much for your cooperation . The course was helpful and valuable indeed.
It's a really good course to clear all doutes and to make better your writting skills!
The course really helps me review important things in English grammar and punctuation.
That's a good course for a beginner who wants to learn writing skills and techniques.
The course is useful for the beginners and for those who eant revise their knowledge!
This course really teake you step by step through the English grammar and punctuation
the content tought is so good and too the point. that is short, simple and important.
The video and the exercise is so entertaining and i learned a lot from it. Thank you!
I remembered things I had forgot, and I also learn grammar tips that were new for me.
For non english speaking countries .. step by step learning! fully learning exercises
Simple basics and easy to understand. Excellent course for beginner academic writers.
Very well written.Lectures were interesting and practice worksheets were creative. :)
It's a great course for those are seeking to improve your writting skills in English.
Very helpful. I was amazed how simple and easy principles were to make me look either
This course very nicely designed to improve writing skills. I liked every part of it.
It's great course for me. I am longing for such kind of course. Thanks to Educators.
Instructor made video lesson short but effective. Neither long nor short. Thank you.
The course is really helpful,  and it is taught very clearly through ample examples.
Easy to understand lecture, adequate learning task, and above all it worth the time.
I,m delighted and feel good. Also, I'm interested in other courses, and I will take.
An awesome  course.....This course helps me to brush up my grammar skills in English
only issue is the practice modules needed firefox. Most people use chrome or safari.
I have learned lots of things in this  course, and I hope I get better more and more
The course is fun and easy to follow. It has helped me a lot with my writing skills.
This course exceeded my expectation and there is a big difference in my writing now.
this my first course in Couresa and it lets me know that this host is a good choice.
I loved this course! I learnt a lot from it, and I hope, I can put that to good use.
Really helpful to better understand some complicated issues for not native speakers.
Nice courses. It helped me to learn punctuation and some beginning tips for writing.
I really enjoyed it not only because it was helpful but also because it was precise.
I would like to express my gratitude for this brilliant course! Thank you very much!
Due to your help, I learned more about grammar, vocabulary, and punctuation.thanks.
This is a great way to refresh our basic English knowledge. I really learned a lot!
I learned about sentences varieties, types of sentences and punctuation. Thank you.
Excellent course and more useful to the all the people who were wants learn english
The course was well defined and they used graphics so anyone can easily understand.
it was very good and was helpful in understanding the different types of sentences.
This course helped me understand some of the basics that we often forget with time.
I really enjoyed this course, it was helpful and rich with good tips and practices.
Thanks you so much for this course. It was really beneficial and extremely helpful.
Thank you so much and this course helping me to understand grammar and punctuation.
I consider this course is very interesting to learn a good grammar and puntuaction.
A good course to sharpen your grammar and punctuation skills. It helped me. Thanks.
Excellent quick course, reminds you of details that make writing more professional.
This course is very helpful for students who want to improve their English writing.
A wonderful course to learn or brush up the use of commas, conjunctions and tenses.
This course has helped me a lot, and I understood 'how to use grammar effectively'.
This is an excellent course for those who have forgotten the basics of punctuation.
I enjoy the material and class a lot. After the class, I can use comma more aware :
I enjoyed this course, as it is well-structured and filled with useful information.
It was such an amazing course, I got a lot of new tools to write! 100% recommended
This course is excellent. I was able to learn many things about rules and grammar.
Excellent!  I learned a lot in this course. My knowledge was refreshed. Thank You!
i found this course an excellent one in terms of provided information and examples
I have learned a lot from this course. Thank you coursera and also to DOST-Caraga.
I loved this course, I learned many things that are very different from portuguese
it was excellent i learned a lot from this course. thank you for this opportunity.
I am so happy still make me cry. thank you so much course grammar and punctuation.
Teaching style of the instructor is unique. Enjoyed the way of her teaching style.
Thanks for financial aid with this course, which helped me to learn English better
It was amazing while learning here. I learnt a lot here. Thanks Coursera for this.
I got a lot of benefits from this course while I was participating in it!Thank you
An excellent course, it gave me brief understanding of the grammar an punctuation.
Cleared a lot of my doubts. Instructor's instructions were very clear and concise.
It was helpful for me to remind basic grammars and learn the way for good writing.
I have learned so much from this course.  The information was and is invaluable!!!
HelloIt is an excellent course for those who want to improve their writing skills.
Thank you so much!! I not only enjoyed it but also learnt a lot! Again, thank you!
I love this course. My old English classes were not as much  clear as this course.
I really like this course, because it is helpful and engaging. Thanks for sharing!
It was a great course. I loved it too much. Also, it helped me. Thank you so much.
It was an amazing course. The lessons were very interactive and easy to undertand
thanks a lot for this amazing course. I have learned a lot of useful information.
This course is actually the best course I've ever done.Thanks for the great work!
Very handy guide to basic English grammar with strong focus on punctuation rules.
Just a clear, understandable, organized and useful course. I highly recommend it.
It is a really good course to improve your punctuation, congrats professor Tammy!
I just wish I could have gotten the certificate without paying, at least a Basic.
Clear explanations and examples. Very helpful for everyone not just ESL learners.
Very interesting course, will give you the foundations to perform a nice writing.
Good contents and practise question to help understand the knowledge and concept.
This course is really the greatest one about punctuation rules I have ever known!
It is easy to understand and learn. I felt quite comfortable through the course.
Great Course. I recommend for anyone struggling with punctuating sentences well.
The very eye-opening subject where we have to recall what we have learnt before.
I really enjoyed taking this course ; taking this course was so much fun for me.
This course is great for learning a lot about how to use experiences. Excellent.
It's a good and very simple course to know basics of English language. Loved it.
This course is too effective for those who are confused about using punctuation.
Its wonderful. This is the excellent specialization course for academic writing.
Interesting and important course to have an academic writing. I really enjoy it.
This is great course, I wish we should submit our final exams as audit followers
I learned so many things that I didn't know. This course is complet. I think so.
It has a nice way of making learners interact with each other. I've learn a lot.
I really like the course! It´s good to study new things and review another ones!
Many thanks to this program, and I have confidence to take next step of writing.
It's simple but amazing! This course makes me more understand tenses in English.
Excellent course, I learned a lot now, I can assure that I am a better writter.
this course was very helpful and has improved my vocabulary and grammar skills.
Thanks so much for doctors,college and coursera team. It really helped me alot.
It was a Excellent course. I'm so exited to take another one and keep learning.
Excellent teaching methodology. In fact, I have learned a lot from this course.
The teacher are very interactive and helps very beautiful to learn everything .
Thank you for this course! It was really educational and informational for me.)
It was an amazing course. I really have learned a lot from this course. Regards
It was an awesome experience. Learnt to use appropriate punctuations. thank you
An amazing course in every aspect! Simple to understand with excellent content.
awesome course it's really helps me to gain more skills to my english knowledge
It's really helpful course to understand grammar and to improve writing skills.
Highly recommended for learners aiming at reviwing the basics and fundamentals.
great to learn about different rules of English and high impact on your essay.
The best course pattern that helped me gather knowledge about English grammar.
great for beginners and those who want to improve their English writing skills
A very informative course, if you want to improve your command on punctuation.
This course content is very useful and easy to learn.This course is very good.
it was a great experience , I got to learn so much specially the grammar part.
Very useful course! I finally learnt how to use commas effectively in English.
This course is great for all the students who have hard time learning grammar.
I am glad I took this course. Now my journey begins to become a better writer.
I think I have learnt a lot by joining this course. I thank Coursera for this.
it was an excellent course, and I am delighted to complete the specialization.
made me more confident on writing and using the right punctuation and grammar.
Very helpful!! It reminds you some grammar that you may have forgotten in time
Great way to refresh your writing skills before you taking on further studies.
Very interesting course with many examples and quiz which makes learning easy.
It is a great course. You can learn the basic rules for punctuating correctly.
Thank you very much for this course, it was a real pleasure to be engaged it.
I find coursera lessons are the best to learn  early ,thanks to the teachers.
Hi everybody,I am very thankful for my mentors making me complete the course.
excellent course for everyone who doesn't no how to use commas , conjunctions
I enjoyed every bit of the class. It was well outlined and easy to understand
it is a great platform to learn grammer and punctuation correctly.Thanks team
Great course, I learned so much new things about English language. Thank you.
I had a good experience in learning this course. The exercises were also good
I learned the use of punctuation and grammar.It is of great help to my study.
Excellent Course for those students who have basic English Grammar background
Good course, for Beginners and Internediate. ESL students should take it. One
I really liked the course, and it did help me with my English writing skills.
it is  a great  course  because it helped me  to improve my  writtinh skills.
Its a really wonderful course, and the method of explanation is just awesome.
Very well made course. The pace and sound quality of the course is excellent.
Very helpful, but really basic. Even though, there were topics I didn't know.
This is is one of the best grammar and punctuation courses I have ever taken!
I would've wanted a bit more of use of commas, but it's a great introduction.
It's a good lesson, I learned more skills in the grammar and the punctuation.
This course is very enlightening and very good for improving language skills.
Excellent course; very comprehensive! I highly recommend this. All the best!
It was a superb course. I really enjoyed the course and learned many things.
I liked a lot this course, it give me different tools to improve my english.
This course is very helpful to me to revise the concept of grammar.Thank you
i have learned so many think in grammer and punctuation. thank you coursera.
THANKS A LOTS SIR FOR GIVING OPPORTUNITIES TO LEARN THE COURSE FROM COURSERA
It is an amazing course, helped me a lot. Thank you for teaching me so much.
Excellent presentation by all standards. You have really polished my grammar
This was a nice course for me to revise grammars and punctuation. Thank you.
Concise and precise. Complex concepts explained in easy to understand style.
It is a great opportunity for those who what review grammar and punctuation.
It is a good course to review grammar and punctuation.  Well done and clear.
Great course, with extensive exercises and relevant questions and follow up.
The instructor explains grammatical concepts clearly with a very simple way.
It was a great course, clear, complete, easy to understand and very helpful.
This course is a perfect start for anyone who is practising writing essays.
I WOULD JUST LIKE TO END IT UP IN TWO WORDS.! EXCELLENT AND EXTRAORDINARY.!
The teacher was very good. She explained everything very clearly. Thank you
It's a relatively lovely, simple and useful course. Now I can write better!
It's a really amazing course. From that, I have learned so many new things.
very effective and helpful for those who reviewing grammar and punctuation.
I love this type of videos and assignments . It's a wonderful experience...
It was very interesting and useful to learn this information in the course.
this course really helps me in different wayi thank every one worked on it.
It was an amazing experience. Learn a lot of basics and really  enjoyed it.
this course was very fun and i will recommend my friends to try it out too.
Great course. Very interactive. It is not just sitting and watching videos.
Very helpful!! I loved learning how to use commas and semicolons correctly!
it has helped me in my clinical research paper writing and article writing.
Great course! It helps me with understanding some grammar rules. Thank you!
Pretty good course for someone who hasn't taken english in many many years!
excellent course to create a foundation to improve once writing skills...!!
Enjoyable course! Easy to follow and it definitely improved my punctuation.
It was very useful - especially the parts about comma placement. Thank you.
Very well designed course where theory and practice are perfectly balanced.
Well organized course for those who wants to improve their English Grammar.
This course is good for everyone who want increase knowledge about english
My formal essay writing skill improved a lot after completing this course.
It was a beautiful and enjoyable course for the dear, thank you very much.
Course is graeat to revise and strengthen your basic grammatical concepts.
Great course for review. There were some things taught I'd never heard of.
This course was very helpful for learning the basics of writing mechanics.
If you want to recall your English Grammar - you have to take this course!
This course is very helpful, and I have learned something new . Thank you.
Pretty helpful course with some new things and pretty easy to follow too.
I really enjoyed studying this course.I appreciate your efforts.Thank you
There were enough exercises. The content was good and easy to understand.
This is an interesting way to learning grammar & punctuation effectively.
good course ... was able to refresh some of the points I forgot over time
I am very happy with the course content, structure, and its impact on me.
This is very effective course who wants to learn grammar and punctuation.
Wonderful course for reviewing punctuation, grammar, and sentence variety
I found this course to be very helpful and easy to understand and follow.
I am highly recommending this Grammar and Punctuation course to everyone.
It would be great to get some professional feedback besides peer reviews.
This course is excellent in detailing how to correctly use basic grammar.
The course was great it refreshed what I already knew and taught me more.
Very useful course for foreign English students. I appreciated your help.
Great course, gist of all, but perhaps more details would make it better.
Great. The lesson can explain everything clearly. Thank all the teachers
I have learned great things from this course, and i like it's structure.
Thank you! I've learned a lot, and I never regretted taking this course.
A very useful course, it helped me to improve my writing skills. Thanks!
A very good course if you need to improve your grasp of English grammar.
I am glad to inform to you that, i am happy to be a part of this course.
The course fulfills all my requorements. Now, I can write in better way.
This course is awesome and learned lot of basic grammar, punctuations !!
The course is great, however, sometimes I felt the lack of explanations.
It is a very good course for someone who want to straiten their English.
This course is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Highly recommend it!
It's a very educational improvement on my writing. Thank you so much! :D
Thanks a lot it help me to make my writing better and more comprehension
Good class for review your grammar and know essential skills of writing!
An excellent review of best grammar practices. Succinct and informative.
Thank you professor for making this course. Good exercises and examples.
I have learned many useful things from this course. Thank you very much.
It is a useful course to review the grammar that you have learnt before.
Great refresher class for all of us who write for business and pleasure.
It's very beginning. Don't start writing without graduating this course.
the course is easy to follow and the explanations are very good as well.
By joining this class, i know that how to make proper variety sentence.
different types of statments, use of adverb, comma, parallel structure.
Good for everyone who needs to get better grmmar and punctuation skills
I am so glad that I have got the chance to learn that course.THANK YOU.
awesome course content...all school days learning are revised memory...
Great opportunity to brush up on things I was taught quite a while ago.
The course was very informative and I learned a lot through the course.
i can refresh my memories about grammars and how to use it when writing
This course was very helpful as it improved my grammar and punctuation.
Quite a basic yet an amazing course. Had a revision of all the courses.
i'm so happy that i finished my first course in the sitespecial thanks.
Excellent course design and easy to follow. Instructors are very clear.
This was a great course. I have learnt somethings I didn't know before.
This is an excellent course. I love the learning method of this course.
I think the examples in the videos are fantastic, so are the exercises.
Excelent, I'll continue with the specialization. Looking forward to it.
With the help of this course, I remembered the grammar and punctuation.
A very good course to understand the basics of punctuation and grammar.
It is my first time to start taking online classes, I  really like it !
Simple, quick and effective way of practicing/learning English grammar.
Very useful! Thanks a lot! Now I can write more effectively in English.
It is a great course for those who like to improve their writing skill.
I'm very gratefull to take part in this course! Thanks for everything!
I really enjoyed this course, it was quite informative and fun filled.
Easy and simple course for everyone..I just completed in one hour...!!
This course helped me to enhance my grammar and punctuation knowledge.
Nice platform and in a very simple way all the material was presented.
It is a very interesting course, and you can complete it very quickly.
It is a very nice course. I appreciated them who designed in this way.
Enjoyed learning this course, thoroughly looking forward for many more
I gain a lot of benefits from this course thank you all for everything
It was a very well-organized course, with very good, helpful teachers.
Excellent course. Methodical, step-by-step teaching is very effective.
You writing looks great if you follow these steps shown in the course.
It's a perfect course if you need a review of grammar and punctuation.
Excellent course to get a quick refresh of the grammar and punctuation
Excellent Course any one need to join, this course is highly recommded
lovely course ... i love it and i love teacher that introduce a course
Thank you so much! I really improved my knowledge of English language.
Excellent English course about essentials rules everyone should knows.
I learnt a lot from this course! i highly do recommend it to everyone.
A great course! There is a lot information well explained. I loved it!
I enrolled for the course to refresh some basics and this was perfect.
This course was really helpful to overview how to make sentences well.
It's really helpful course to correct our grammar. Thank you Coursera.
I benefit a lot from this course, I really appreciate about it. Thanks
It is great since it gave me a clear explains for grammar. Thank you!
Excellent course to build and refresh the English writing foundations
I really liked this course. It helped me to develop my writing skill.
It's a great course to learn about punctuation and sentences variety.
This was a very useful course! The videos and exercise are beneficial
Great course! It was a good refresher for me at this time in my life!
Great and powerful tool to develop your knowledge of English writing.
I have learned a lot of things from this course, and it is excellent.
Excellent course! It helped me to improve my grammar and punctuation.
I enjoyed it.  It was a good refresher to English grammar. Thank you!
This course gave me an important yet simple way of using punctuation.
Amazing class! Brushing up on grammar or learning for the first time.
every well explained. simple and to the point examples and exercises.
Nice course! Excellent insight to the details that make a difference!
A excellent course to review your weakness in Grammar and Punctuation
I liked it so much, great teachers and an excellent teaching method.
Challenged  me  and  helped me  to work on my weak points in writing
Extremely useful and worth course to improve Grammer and Punctuation
Amazing course. Very comprehensive and has good practice excercises.
This course helped me a lot. I really thank you for this experience.
Lecturer has clear explanations to every grammar rules and exercise.
I appreciate your efforts to make that coirse easier. Thanks so much
It´s a good course to enhance your grammar skills about punctuation.
This course answered my all questions. All I need to do is practice.
It is really very useful course with good explanation and exercises.
It's very good for student.it's very useful and helpful for grammar.
Very good course. Explains concepts in a very concise and clear way.
A really good course. It shows you the typical problems in essays :)
I really learnt a lot of things from this course. It is very helpful
This lesson was really helpful, even though I already know all that.
This is perfect, for anyone that is trying to improve their grammar.
It's great to remember some of the very important rules for writing.
Interesting and helpful course with good practice.Thank you so much.
this was an amazing program and i am thankful  to be apart of this.
Really good course. Though, I still need to practice to get better.
I loved the course. The way that you have taught is pretty amazing.
It is a great course! I got many new information about punctuation.
The concepts and really explained well with a good set of exercises
This course is very necessary for English learning. I recommend it.
Great course! I've relearned things I don't recall from elementary.
Fantastic course!. It is simple and easy to understand the lessons.
This was a good refresher for using correct punctuation in writing.
Clear and helpful. Good fundamental class for the writing starters.
Amazing, it is worth taking if you want to improve on your writing.
This course was helpful. I learnt a lot on grammar and punctuation.
Great course. Simple explanations, discovered something new for me.
This is a very good course, specially for internalizing the basics!
An excellent course to take for those how wants to improve grammar.
This course gave me a encouragement feeling to advance in my work!
very good course to learn and improve the Grammar and Punctuation.
I was so weak in grammar but it boost up my confident. Thank you..
Best content! It gave good revision for basics of english grammar.
It's very helpfull to remember some things to make a good writting
its is more helpful.This session improved my knowledge and skills.
Wow! What a nice course it is! I really enjoyed this course a lot.
I enjoyed this course, i would recommend it to friends and family.
really it's a great training ,and I enjoyed it alot .thanks alot .
Thanks you Coursera once again to inprove my skills in this field.
really helping for those whose looking for a basic grammar course!
This course has helped me a lot to learn the English Grammar.Great
Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us. God Bless UC Irvine!
Excellent course for the people who want to start English writing.
It was such a great help in refreshing everything I had forgotten.
Learning a so nice and essential language for free at at home... w
I am very happy which l learn new skills of grammar and sentences
Fanstic course! I am happy ! Thanks for my Teacher and classmates
excellent course for people who wants to  understand punctuation.
This is an excellent course to improve your grammatical mistakes.
I learnt to avoid a lot of basic mistakes I used to make earlier.
I learned new skills to improve my writing. I enjoyed this curse.
It was a really helpful course with detailed lectures. Thank-You!
This is a good course to refresh basic writing skills in English.
This course is awesome. I like every lessons and the instructors.
Thanks a lot! I have repeated a lot of rules which are forgotten.
The teacher has explained the English usage very clearly, thanks.
One of the best courses I have studied through Coursera Platform.
Useful Course for those who need to increase their writing level.
very good course, and we can learn basic skills of grammar and pu
This course really helps you improve your punctuation and how you
I enjoyed this course a lot. It is very useful to improve writing
excellent course, explained in an easy way, fully understandable!
This Course is completely Useful, thanks a bunch for instructors
I have learnt a lot from this course and I am able to something.
Very good course for beginners to learn rules of English grammar
Thank you, all of my teacher. It was awesome experience for me .
A well structured course to learn about grammar and punctuation.
This  Course is having more working which makes more interesting
This course was a success. i will keep practicing from my notes.
It w as a great experience.I'm glad to be a part of this course.
That's really a helpful course to know about grammatically rule.
This course helped me to knowing some more about grammer skills.
the most important thing about this course is the simplification
It’s really a fruitful course which added a lot for me . Thanks.
Thanks Coursera 💓 Thanks teachers 💓 it's was a helpful course.
Actually it was my first online course. i enjoined it.   thanks.
It has help me better to understand, the English grammar better.
Teaches a lot, but is super easy to understand at the same time.
great! so helpful to reminds us simple things but also important
Great Course !!  I am learning a lot. Highly recommended. Thanks
Pretty good course to improve your basic english writing skills.
Excellent course to start working on writing skills in English!
This course adds good value to the participant in a short time.
I really thank you people for such a clear and useful lecture .
Very informative and concise. Easy to understand and forgiving.
This great course helped me a lot to improve my writing skills.
Awesome and interesting course and the instructor was too good.
very interesting course and good to know new terms and phrases.
this is the best course that I've never had, thank you so much.
I thought the course was excellent. Thanks everyone at Cousera.
It was a great experience. Thank you for giving me this chance.
it is good course for beginners who aspire to excel in english.
It is a valuable experience for learning English writing basic.
Professionally speaking, this course has expanded my knowledge.
Very detail and define guiding. There are plenty of example and
Great way of improving one's english writing skills! Thank you!
It is a very useful course for learning grammar and punctuation
Great course. Such an amazing way to improve my writing skills.
Thank you for helping me correct my wrong usage of punctuation!
For non English speaking this would be the best grammar course.
I really like this course.It's improved my grammar alot.Thanks
Very nice course, I learnt many new things in English Grammar.
it really helped me clear some tiny doubts. thank you coursera
It helps the practicale knowledge for the grammatical function
Great course for anyone looking to improve his writing skills,
I got more comfortables with punctuations. Highly recommended!
It's a great course. It helps you to develop your skills well.
Nice course. I learn lot about Grammar and Punctuation. Thanks
Best course for those who are looking to clarify fundamentals.
The video's, examples and hands on tasks had greater impact th
Amazingly helpful. And for once I remember the rules I learnt.
It's very helpful. It seems like they've planned each detail!!
The course is really exhaustive and, at the same time, simple.
A great course to learn the basics of grammar and punctuation!
It is smart, logic and convenience course. Thank you so much!
This course helps me a lot about how to make a good sentence.
it's really good. I learned a lot of things from this course.
Excellent Course to learn basic grammar and sentence variety.
It's good practice and really helpful to revise the concepts!
It helps the learner to correct the basic concept of grammar.
It was a great experience to learn from here...... Thank you.
The course turned out to be great.I really enjoyed doing it !
It's a very good course. I thank coursera and the professors.
I loved the course and have a lot of fun. Good luck everybody
This is a good start for English writing practice. Thank you!
Thanks to UCI for development this course to adults students.
Thank you for the opportunity to know English grammar better!
Just the best one for revision of Grammar and Punctuation! :)
i learned so much, and i loved the way  the ifo was presented
I heartily appreciating the knowledge that delivered by Tamy.
Thanks to this course, I learned a lot about English grammar.
Excellent course. I learned lot of valuable things.Thank you.
This course was really helpful to improve my English, thanks.
Excellent course. I has provided me a great confidence in me.
One of the best courses I've had the pleasure the be part of.
Useful, interactive, concise, and a great confidence booster.
Very interesting and easy to understand. I like it very much!
Concise and to the point. The initial evaluation was precise.
It was really good. I learned a lot of new staff. Thank you!
A good starter to review common mistakes in English writing.
Very good and informative. Excellent for self study at home.
If you are an absolute beginner, great course to start with.
This is a nice course which helps to strengthen our concepts
Excellent course if you are trying to remember  some things.
It was a very good course. I learned a lote from it. Thanks.
I have increased my knowledge and I am very grateful to you.
I found the part on sentences variety was most useful to me.
Enjoyed doing the course and found it very useful.Thank you!
A must do course for those who are not so good with grammar.
Very good course to learn or review grammar and punctuation.
These courses taught me a lot about grammar and punctuation.
The course was well taught, and it included great exercises.
All the concepts regarding sentence formation are clear now.
Highly recommend. Easy and interactive lessons and practice.
Very complete course. Looking forward for the Specialization
Great course. Straightforward and enjoyable! Thank you guys!
it was a good course . i have learned more from this course
Very effectively and help me a lot to write better English!
An amazing course! It helps me a lot with my writing skill.
Such an amazing course for my first experience in Coursera.
An excellent course, and it is not that difficult to learn.
The structure of the course is just brilliant. Thank you :)
I think this course is amazing. I could to learn very much.
it was really nice to venture deep into the basic grammars.
VERY NICE COURSE. IT HELPED ME BRUSH UP MY WRITING SKILLS .
Really best course to improve your grammar and punctuation.
great course, my grammar is improving ( my teacher said so)
Amazing Course to start with. Looking forward to much more.
i have learned many puncuation and grammer no i am perfect.
I really enjoyed this course! I learned a lot of new stuff.
I highly recommend this course for those who are beginners!
Now, I improved myself. Confidence is coming from my heart.
I've learned many of things in this course, thanks Coursera
An excellent writing course for nan native english speaker.
A very good, short and concise, refresh on English grammar.
Thank you very much for helping the world with this course.
Very helpful to remember grammar rules.Clear and essential.
great course to refresh, really fast, your english writing.
I JUST LOVED IT. THANK YOU FOR SUCH AN AMAZING OPPORTUNITY
i have learn more knowledge about grammar and punctuation.
This course is very useful to as to gain axtra knowledge..
It is a really good course. It was well taught and tested.
Excellent coures.I learnt a lot from this course.Thank you
Coursera is cool program for all people, who learn English
I think it gives me a good start in writing a composition.
This is one of the best way to  boost your English skills.
Easy to understand the rules and nice additional resources
Very useful course. I have learned a lot from this course.
A good course indeed. Recommended to all of my colleagues.
i enjoyed this great course. It was wonderfully presented.
It's a good lesson, and it help me correct my punctuation.
Very helpful course to remember general grammar knowledge.
I feel much comfortable with the lectures and assignments.
Awesome presentation and very easy to follow instructions.
Great course, I have learned many useful tips for writing.
A very good course to review grammar and punctuation rules
Love this course. Love the teacher she makes grammar easy.
A very efficient and educative course. It helped me a lot.
I love this course, it is very educative and interesting!
This course helps me rebuilt my oral English and Writing.
help with finding our mistakes and improve in short-term.
This course is very interesting and need for all leaners.
I loved it. I learned many things to teach to my students
Easy going topic  and very simple approach. Recommended!!
This course was quite helpful to me.I liked it very much.
It was a very good course to warm up for the next course.
I learned lot of things in this class, thank you Coursera
It is an incredible course to improve our writing skills.
This course explain clearly about grammar and punctuation
Awesome arrangements for learning grammar and puntuation.
Thank you very much for this course! I really enjoyed it!
this course is good.In this course, I learned many things
It is acking mee none but I have done this course in free
Very clear explanations; nice and challenging activities.
It is very interesting course, and I highly recommend it.
It's a good course. It has improved my skills of writing.
An amazing course that clarifies the sentence structures.
This course is essential because it teaches fundamentals.
I recommend this course for any one need to learn grammar
Best course for English available on Coursera. Go for it.
In this course,learning grammar has became an easy thing.
great courseeasy way of explanationso much recommended :)
This course is so nicely put together and very effective.
I enjoyed taking this course.  It brought back memories.
This course is very good to improve your writing skills!
It was an amazing experienc. I get to learn my mistakes.
there are many practices for us and they are very useful
Thank you so much. That was the best course I ever took.
I had fun learning and the instructions were very clear!
I found this course very useful and this helps me a lot.
The overall course was very interesting and informative.
Really good course for beginners and also for refreshers
I learned a lot from this.I wish i knew about it before.
An excellent course that has a lot of practice material.
It is very helpful to know grammar and punctuation well.
I found this course very helpful and easy to understand.
It is a great course, and it help me lean fast and easy.
It is really useful course presented in organized style.
I loved every minute of this course! It taught me a lot.
My first course, it's a great English course, thank you.
It has been really  helping me with my writing abilities
i got a lot of new staff that i didn't know them. Thanks
The course is clearly lectured, and I like it very much.
Thank you! It was very interesting and productive for me
it's really very useful, and the excersises are helpful.
EXCELENT!!! I love this because I learned lots of things
i love this course; I feel like a better writer already.
It is really helpful course and i really enjoyThank you
The way they taught each and everything is simply great
Very organized and motivational way to learn something.
A great course to revise the basics of written English.
I loved!!! I learned so much, thank you UCI Extension!!
I learned many things, and i recommend it for every one
It's a clear and pretty useful course. I just loved it!
It's good to learn new things and correct our mistakes.
The course was really good to learn and improve skills.
This course help me to improve my scientific abstracts.
It is one of the amazing courses that I had ever taken.
Very much needed course for non native English speakers
Very nice refreshing course about the english language.
It was an important way to develop my English skills :)
It's great course about english punctuation. Thank you!
A nice course with interesting games and open mind text
this course really helped me improve my writing skills.
This course is really useful; I learned many new things
No word, Best course to improve Grammar and Punctuation
good for review of some common parts of English grammar
Very well formatted. Focuses on each aspect thoroughly.
The first module of very useful writing course package.
The Course was simply Fantastic!Thank you all for this!
As a fiction writer, this class have been very helpful.
It was an easy course but very useful at the same time
Wonderful course for learning punctuation and grammar.
Awesome course. Learned alot new things about grammar.
This's cool! I got so much new thing from this course.
I easily understand the use of commas and conjunction.
I like this course. The content is accurate and clear.
Thank you very much, I enjoy the video and the quizzes
Great course that helped me a lot with my punctuation.
This is a great grammar review. It was simple and fun.
very helpful course, I strongly recommend this course.
I've been learning so much with this course. Worth it.
Wonderful course , I have learned valuable information
Good course that teaches the basics of English grammer
Very helpful and simplified for a better comprehension
Excellent course to introduce basic grammar in English
This course refreshed a lot of concepts that I forgot.
Very clear and easy to diggest content; in addition, w
This course was clearly structured and well presented.
Easy to see your progress during the course. It works!
thank you....for helping me improve my english skills
It is very helpful, easy to understand and practical.
An amazing experience ! Nothing else to say about it.
I get a lot of information that can help me in future
This is an excellent course for learning punctuation.
Well organized course from primary level to advanced.
Very Good much needed to enhance my Academic English.
It is one of the finest course that i have ever done.
Excellent explanation of grammar and practice of that
evrerything is alright and content  is up to the mark
This was a great course to help me review my grammar.
It is easy to comprehend. The elaboration is precise.
Great course to help me review my grammar effectively
very Informative lectures. I recommend this to others
It was great opportunity to practice English writing.
Amazing course!. I have enjoyed it a lot!. Thank you!
It is a good course to begin a writing specialization
Very helpful introduction to grammar and punctuation!
Excellent course! I would recommend it to my friends.
I very liked this course and the teacher Tamy Chapman
This course was very objective and clear. I liked it!
It is really good quolity course; highly reccomended.
Awesome course, I like to study more similar courses.
Very usefull course! I have taken so much for myself!
Very good course to improve your English Proficiency.
I feel very good with the course, I learned so much.
yes this simple course clear doubts about puntuation
It's really helpful to enrich the skills of writing.
Great course that kept me refreshed over quarantine!
This is the best grammar course I have ever learned.
It was great except technical issue about materials.
It was a great course, and I learned a lot of thing.
The videos are clear and the material is very useful
this is the first course I really like from Coursera
This helped me a lot in upgrading my writing skills.
An excellent way to brush up on your Grammar skills!
Very useful to Learn English grammar and punctuation
Really it was very impressive course , i enjoyed it.
Great course, I have learned a lot with this course.
Clear and very informative! Well done and thank you!
it was awesome i really liked and enjoyed the course
It's really fantastic. I really enjoyed. Thanks all.
I have enjoyed this course, and I have learnt a lot!
Very good lessons to learn about punctuation basics.
It helps me a lot with my grammar and writing style.
Learned and revisited so many some important things.
This course helps me a lot to prepare for TOEFL iBT.
Its perfect for learning basics of English language.
A very good course to revise grammar and punctuation
It's comprehensible course with helpful exercises :)
Great work in teaching the punctuation and grammar.
The course helps you a lot to improve your writing.
Very useful and concise course, I enjoyed it a lot.
It is so helpful course i have ever taken thank you
İt’s so useful course for improving English writing
A very simple, yet well-structured and clear course
I learnt punctuation perfectly through this course.
This is one of the best course to complete English.
It's a great course. I learned a lot of new things.
The course is very good! I learned much. Thank you!
I lkie this course and i wish from evry body try it
This course is very good to review English grammar.
well this course was really useful specially comma.
Loved it! Do not wonder if take it or no!! Take it!
Excellent introduction to the specialization course
Great course, easy to follow and fantastic teacher!
The course if well structured, concise, and useful.
Very good overview on Tenses and Sentence structure
Made clear what is punctuation and where to use it.
Very helpful. The teacher make it so clear and easy
Very good introductory course to academic gramatic.
I am always absent but, this course is good for me.
The professor speaks very clear and easy to listen.
Great way to learn more on Grammar and Punctuation.
Excellent way to refresh and get better at writing.
This course has really improved my English skills.
It was really useful to improve my use of English!
It was a great resource for intermediate students.
This course is very useful for me.Thank you ma'am.
a good course for intermediate. a lot of practice!
Very useful for me; both as a student and teacher!
I LIKE THE COURSE VERY MUCH . IT IS VERY ORGANISED
I really liked this course! it was really helpful.
The course was very easy to follow and understand.
Excellent resource to improve your English skills.
it was amazing course it helps me a lot, thank you
Very good and practical. Lots of useful exercises!
This is a very good.I learned a lot of new things.
A very useful course because I have learned a lot!
Excelente course.  I learned more than I expected!
Great course, the lessons are very well explained.
Thanks all of you. I have learnt a lot of subject.
By this  course I learned grammar and punctuation
I have learnt so much from this course. Thank you
I enhanced my writing skills through this course.
Interesting and very useful.Recommend to everyone
Course was easy to follow and easy to understand.
One of the best courses offered through COURSERA.
Learnt a lot about English Grammar and Puntuation
Excellent Course. I t definitely helped me a lot.
Very good, learnig, video and explication. Thanks
This course is very interesting and useful to me.
Very informative course. It improved my learning.
This is a great course for begin with writting :)
great review of types of sentences an comma usage
Very informative course for beginner in research!
Best course for learning Grammar and punctuation.
Very good course as it satisfies my requirements.
It was just an amazing course.l really enjoyed it
This course help me a lot in learning new things.
I need to  to thanks all teachers in this course.
It's a great course ,and I learned a lot from it.
The explanation was excellent and understandable.
The lecture is clear,  insprational, and helpful.
Really good !!  I am loving this couse so much !!
Finally. I know how to use punctuation correctly.
The course enhance the writing style very useful
We can understand grammar easily bu this cousera
The lessons are very structured and interesting.
I am very happy and grateful for the opportunity
superb course .teacher  teach  style  very good.
It is really easy to follow and very stimulating
An excellent course to learn and improve English
Thanks for the opportunity. I have a great time.
I received useful skills for writing. Thank you!
Wonderful CourseCover all aspects of punctuation
Got a lot refresh from this introductory course.
I can not get my certificate , please help me...
The concepts are taught very simply and lucidly.
Apt , to the point, integrated knowledge source.
I really like it. It is simple, but interesting.
Thanks for sharing with us this valuable course!
Super easy course. Kudos to the team of UCI!! :D
it's really easy for me. I finished it in a day.
This course was well paced and very informative.
Excellent material and explanations. Thank you!
To write essay properly, this is a must course.
A very great course on grammar and punctuation.
Thank dear teachers for this interesting course
Excellent course. Learned a lot of things here.
Outstanding course.nothing to say more than it.
The courses was explanatory and well explained.
It's my very first online cours. I am so happy.
it's  so much helpful to improve writtin skills
great course to improve your punctuation skills
Pretty good and useful course. I learned a lot.
It necessary and useful for your writing skill.
Awesome! Simple to understand and very helpful!
my certificate not come please certificate give
Very conceptual course to get the basics right.
Thank you. Thank you for translate this course.
It really helped me with my grammar foundation.
The course is very detailed and well explained.
It has helped me a lot. A great starting point.
It was really wonderful  and beneficial for me.
Really great course, i recommend it for anyone.
Very 
Very interesting and knowledgeable course
Excellent to know and expand English Knowledge.
This course was very helpful for the work I do.
The course was well planned and easy to follow.
Short essencials in lectures, lots of practice.
The course is fun and I'm learning.  Thank you.
Very suitable for beginners in English writing.
Extremely Awesome Course what I am looking for.
The course was very interesting and enjoyable.
It's a great course to start learning English.
It was a good review of my high school grammar
It was a good experience.Dr. Binoy KurianIndia
Thanks for being very professional and helpful
from this course I was learned lots of skill .
This was really insightful. I learn't so much!
Very interesting and useful course! Thank you!
This course help me a lot. Thanks Prof Andrew.
It took away some doubts on when to use commas
Great to start learning how to correctly write
Great Course!For everyone, beginner to expert!
It is very good. Clear explanations and logic.
Great course! I've learned a lot of new stuff!
This course is very useful and easy to follow.
This course is very useful to me. I enjoy it .
Well structured and good content. very helpful
Challenging but enjoyable. Thank you! ~ RiAnne
Good introductory course to  academic writing
It is a very good course to learn punctuation
This course was very helpful. Thanks Mentors.
IT WAS FUN, EDUCATIONAL, INSIGHTFUL AND BRIEF
Very well constructed course for us out there
Great course, to brush up your grammar skills
Good contains to revise your English grammar.
Such a good course which give me a lot skills
it was a great experience to learn from here.
Very helpful course to improve writing skills
this course helped me to enhance my knowledge
It was very informative course. Thanks a lot!
Loved coursera in all and every aspects......
The course is very well explained. Thank you.
I must say that it was excellent and helpful.
The best information and useful for everyone.
I learned a lot and it will help on my MBA :)
An excellent course especially for beginners!
this is the best lesson that i have ever had.
Very interesting, informative, and accessibly
Clear and simple. Easy to learn and practice.
Very well structured - Thank you to the team.
well designed course that is rich in content.
Very useful course, well-made study material.
Great course, specially the punctuation part!
This course was amazing! Thank you very much.
Excellet course. Very complete and didactic.
it was great! I leraned a lot of new things!
I am very happy to have completed my course.
Clear  information thanks for the oportunity
it's wonderful. You must enroll this course.
Very useful class!!! Thank you for the simpl
This course is excellent. i liked it a lot .
It was good one to revise our old knowledge.
it was so useful for me! i liked your course
by this courses i have learnt a lot of thing
I'm very grateful and happy with the course.
Excellent explanations and activity designs!
Its really helpful. Thankyou Cousera and UCI
it was very helpful for me thank you so much
I have a progress with my essays, thank you!
This course is really amazing and beneficial
Good to review some key concepts on grammar.
Excellent course !!! I enjoyed it very much.
Awesome course! I've learned alot thank you!
I found it very Helpful , Thank you Coursera
This course helped me a lot to write better.
Very well structured and informative course.
Learned a lot through this course! Thank you
I loved the course, as well as, the teacher.
These lessons are really useful and helpful.
Excellent MOOC on advanced English grammar.
Wonderful course to learn basics of grammar
It's good to learn how to writing efficency
It is a great course! Thank you, lecturers!
Very informative and interactive. Thank you
I am really excited to complete this course
I find a course very interesting ,thank you
Excellent programme short and detailed one.
great course, thanks you very much coursera
Highly recommended for all English learners
The course looks short but is very helpful.
Simply Brillant, practical and very useful!
Everything is being explained very clearly.
I found this course very useful. Thank you!
every one must learn this . its interesting
It was very helpful and interesting course.
I have learn a lot from taking this course.
One of the greatest course that I ever done
Thanks for the course. It's really helpful.
Very useful for both students and teachers.
It's an excellent course, and i enjoyed it.
Useful information and very well explained.
excellent! I gain lots of benefits from it.
Do I receive a Statement of Accomplishment?
This is the best course in English Grammar.
Great refresher on grammar and punctuation.
This is my first experience, and I love it.
So far, I have learned much.I recommend you
grammar  and punctuation is very  useful .
Perfect course with excellent instruction!
It was a nice journey.I enjoy it very much
Excellent resource to refresh your grammar
It is an important and interesting course.
Great course to shape your grammar skills.
The course is good and easy to understand.
Refreshing, simple and practical to follow
The best one step to develop your writing.
Very well structured, clear and helpful! I
a very good review of grammar fundamentals
Learnt a lot during this course. Thank you
A very clear step by step learning module.
This course gives me cofidence and courge.
very good course I recommend it to others.
I m very happy to took park in this course
It was great! Could make the most of it!!!
This class is useful and funny. I like it.
Very helpful for me as a refresher course!
Really helps to learn English punctuation.
What a great course .. I really enjoy it .
Excellent, specially for English teachers.
Well done. Just the refresh that I needed.
Exactly what I was looking for! Well done!
a very good and useful course. thank you!
Very good course, quite clear and practic
It was a great course. Crisp and concise!
Excellent teaching. You guys are awesome.
It’s a good experience THANK YOU COURSERA
Thank you very much for this great course
Very informative and a learning expeience
Good course , I learned a lot .THANK YOU.
Really well explained, easily digestible.
Awesome class and structure for learning.
this is a great course it easy and useful
The course was very useful, thanks a lot.
This course is awesome and very helpfull.
It's Excellent Course, I benefited a lot.
Very Simple but great, I enjoyed it alot.
The course helped me a lot about grammar.
Very helpful course! Thank you very much!
It's a great course for learning English.
Thank you very much, I am learning a lot.
Thank you for this course.Well presented.
This was a great review of basic english.
Excellent. Very helpful and well-explain.
Interesting course, useful grammar rules.
Very good course and excellent refresher!
This course was incredibly enlightening.
It is an excellent and helpful course  .
very helpful and had a good informations
I have learned a lot. thank you coursera
Great course with appropriate exercises!
Excellent journey to learn this course .
Life changing course thanks for Coursera
It helps me to understand about writing.
This course was useful on English level.
very useful information and thanks a lot
very good course to improve your grammar
it's a very good course for punctuation.
It was an interesting and useful course.
Easily affordable and effective learning
It was a great experience. Thanks a lot.
Excellent course. I highly recommend it.
Good course, the content is very useful.
it was tough but surely, it was awesome!
A good way to learn and gain new skills.
it is very useful course to me.thank you
Its great course, I learnt a lot via it.
Really good course, thank you very much!
excellent course, learned a lot from it!
All I was expecting to review and learn.
This course was very informative for me.
I strongly recommend this course to All.
An excelen way to improve writing skills
Great course for improving your English!
Great!  Very helpful and well-organized!
Excellent course! I highly recommend it!
Great review on Grammar and Punctuation!
Great instructor; comprehensible course.
Very helpful cours.  Thank you so much.
This is best one for any basic learner.
This is the best platform for learning.
Now I well know grammar and punctuation
This course does a lot with very little
useful. helped me to revive the basics.
Great way to learn correctly the basics
I love it, useful and productive course
Good review for grammar, great helpful.
Great way to learn punctuation quickly.
Well structured and very useful course!
Excellent start to this writing course.
Excellent course for intermediate level
I´v learned a lot, and proved my skills
I recommend this course! It's very good
It helps me a lot in my writing skills.
A great course that improve my English.
it is very useful for learning english.
It helped me improve my wirtting a lot.
It helped me a lot to get a decent job.
Its really good and easy to understand.
This course is very useful and helpful.
Thanks amazing course, I learned a lot
Very comprehensive course! Keep it up.
Thank you for such a wonderful course!
Beautiful course. I really leant a lot
was very helpful for my academic life.
This is really a great course to learn
The course was insightful and helpful.
Time went by fast learning this course
All the videos are easy to understand.
The teaching methods were outstanding!
very useful course that i recommend it
thank you for such a wonderful course.
Very interesting and essential course.
It is an excellent course. thanks lot.
Easy to understand and well explained.
WAS EXCELENT, BUT I NEED PRACTICE MORE
It teaches what it says it will teach.
It was a nice course. Very refreshing!
I have learned a great deal, thank you
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Good information and great instructor.
i enjoyed it a lot.it is very helpful.
I loved this course. It was wonderful.
Great course. Greetings from Egypt. :)
Thank you! The course is very helpful.
This course is very useful. I love it.
Excellent course for English learners.
Not difficult and to the point course.
The lectures were easy to understand.
best way to teach a particular topic.
Please add more examples to practice.
Very nice course. It helped me a lot.
it was amazing and i joyed it so much
Concepts were explained very lucidly.
Really was a great course, thank you.
I am pleased to learn a lot of things
I found it very useful. Thanks a lot!
thank for this course , it is usefull
It was really enjoyable and exciting!
Thank you the course was very helpful
Great course In basic English skills.
very cool. I really liked this course
This is very use full course. thanks.
It's a really good course. I love it.
It's a great course and very helpful.
Great chance to review your grammar !
Best course ever on academic writing.
useful course.I highly recommend it .
Very nice. The course helped me alot.
Excellent course. Highly Recommended.
It was very good review and practice!
Very complete and easy to understand.
best online course I have ever tried.
Good course; very easy to understand.
Take this course! Very recommended :D
improve writing knowledge and skills.
Helps you improve the writing skills.
Thank you for such an amazing course!
This course is going well until know.
great course appreciate your efforts
I learnt many things from the course
I love it, and it was a good course.
Loved the reasoning and explanation.
It was so helpful parts for writing.
Very interesting and helpful course!
Great to get to know the basic again
Best course and Amazing instructors.
A good refresher course. Enjoyed it.
It was an incredibly helpful course!
this course is very help full to me.
This course is really very helpful .
The course was absolutely excellent!
It was amazing, and I learned a lot.
very excellent course thanks for you
It is a simple and refreshing course
perfect course to get better grammar
Good course with practise as needed!
Awesome course, and I learned a lot.
Very good course! Congratulations!!!
Wonderful course. It helped me a lot
Awesome course. I have learned a lot
Interesting and straitforward course
helpful .... easy to keep up with it
One of the best courses on Coursera!
This course is very helpful, thanks.
Very helpful for my future projects!
Great! Easy to follow and comprehend
What a helpful course for beginner!
Nice Course and awesome instructor.
Good course to review English again
Very effective course for learners.
I felt during the learning process.
Was a fantastic learning experience
Great for foundation understanding.
Excellent course with right length.
I had a good time doing this course
The materi it's easy to understand.
A great course for getting started.
Great understanding about sentences
It is extremely useful and helpful.
I learnt a lot through this course.
Very helpful and clear. I loved it!
Excellent refresher course for all.
i have learned a lot in this course
Awesome Class! Very well organized.
it was so useful to me.. thank you.
That is very good very good for me.
Helped to improve writing skills :)
This is a wonderful course to learn
Really helpful course. I recommend!
It is really useful and helpful. :)
Very good course, very instructive!
Lovely and well explainable course
It was a great and a short course!
great course and very informative!
Justopenmymindaboutenglishwriting!
it was all very easy to understand
Very well explained all the topics
very good, amazing  and beneficial
Undoubtedly, It is a great course.
SIMPLE AND CLEAR. EXCELLENT COURSE
Amazing course. Learned new rules.
It's easy to understand and clear.
EXCELENT AND RELEVANT ! I RECOMEND
The course was useful.Many thanks.
Awesome!Really a wonderfull basis.
Good course! I have learned a lot!
The best course I have ever taken.
Great course refresher on Grammar!
It's knowledgeable and interesting
It is a good course, very helpful.
Just amazing course. Very helpful.
Very good course! Helped me a lot!
Helpful for learning how to write.
good to our english communication
I thank god to done this coursera
Good course to review the basics.
i like this course. thanks a lot.
Great Course! Basic but Essential
really it is a magnificent course
It was a very informative course.
I learned a lot from this course!
An easy guided, essential course.
Basics of English well explained.
Good introductory English course.
The course structure was amazing.
I learned a lot with that course.
that was great, I appericiate it.
I've leaned a lot in this course.
very good for non native speakers
Great course. learned new things.
Enjoyed it a lot, I learnt a lot!
great course. I have learned more
Its been very helpful, Thank you.
really, it is very useful course.
Strongly recommend for everybody.
It was really helpful. Thank you!
Very useful . Thank you very much
Helped me with my writing skills.
Strongly recommend for beginners!
Great Course, thank you for this.
Concise and helpful. Great class.
Very good and very useful course.
Easy to follow. Nicely explained.
Great Course for English writing.
Loved this course. More to come.
I'm very satisfied.  I am agree.
Thank you teachers and all peers
The course is so perfect! Thanks
Very helpful for English writing
I could not use Firefox browser.
It was great experience together
This is a verz good basic course
I got knowledge from this course
Very helpful and impotent course
The course is helpful and basic.
It helped me a lot and loved it.
It was a great refresher course!
It is your good for all people's
Very good and impressive course!
This is very interesting course!
Great opportunity to learn more.
More that what I need! Thank you
Punctuation part was really good
Straight to the point! Very good
This is great course of writing.
I learned something new from it.
It is a really useful course! :)
A good opportunity for revision.
Good english course for starters
Great course and beneficial one.
Super useful and easy to follow.
Great course on grammar basics!
Good pacing and easy to follow.
very good. thank you very much!
It was very helpful! Thank you!
It was an excellent experience.
It's a great course, thank you.
It’svery essential and helpfull
It's best for revising grammar.
Great course to refresh grammar
its  very nice topic and course
It wonderful, I 'll appreciate.
its a really informative course
It was a great work! Thank you!
Basic and fundamental learning.
I learned a lot in this course.
This course has been enjoyable.
I am learning a lot, thank you.
Great way of learning and easy!
It is excellent and very clear.
A simple and interesting course
I loved this course, it was fun
No doubt, it was an excellent..
Awesome!!!!!!!!! a great course
Really helpful. Amazing course.
Very informational and helpful.
Thanks for this perfect course!
Good practice and recall course
High quality didactic teaching.
Excellent learning opportunity.
Well presented and very useful.
Very good. It helped me a lot.
I liked it too much, thank you
very good! well usual. Thanks!
It was very useful. Thank you!
I loved this course very much.
nice, i really like the course
ITS HELPED IMPROVED MY GRAMMAR
very intresting and well done!
Very useful course. Thank you.
Very good and effective course
It is a very a helpful course!
Incredible teaching experience
It's been a very good journey.
i had great time in learning .
Excellent and worth taking it.
Best experience with coursera.
It's great! Highly recommended
This course is help me so much
i learned a lot in this course
I'm glad  to  take this course
I liked this course very much.
Very good course! I recommend.
Tammy Chapman makes this easy!
Great classes! She is amazing!
Planned in very well mannered!
Very clear and really helpful.
Useful, quick and never boring
Very helpful lesson! Thank you
Very useful and easy to learn!
Seriously ,it's really great.
It is a very complete course!
Excellent, highly recommended
effective course in learning.
Right pace, and right content
really helpful for beginners.
it was amazing course .thanks
Thanking you for improving me
Really interesting and useful
Very helpful .One must do it.
good way asking the questions
It's a very great experience.
NICE COURSE AND EASY TO LEARN
Great course. I recommend it.
This helps me a lot! Thanks!!
I got much knowledge. Thanks!
This is really helpful class!
Thank you guys, i learn a lot
It is very interesting course
Great course. I learnt a lot!
Great course, I learnt a lot.
It's very helpful. Thank you.
High-impact course on grammar
Practical and easy to follow.
Great courses. Thanks a lot !
The course is so interesting.
Thank you. It was very useful
A very nice and useful course
Good facalty members thank u
Thank you for your teaching.
this course helps me a lot!!
Exceptionally great!!!!!!!!1
Great course, it is helpful.
Simple fast and best course.
I loved every single class!!
this course is so important.
it was explained very nicely
Very informative and useful.
perfect course for beginners
It was very useful in future
It's interesting & Wonderful
That is an excellent course.
It's very well put together.
World's best English Course.
it is a very acedamic lesson
Really practical and useful!
This is a really good start.
Enjoyable and useful. Thanks
clear organization and logic
Great! very helpful course.
It was a very helpful class
Basic and critical content.
Helpful to learn something.
Good for academic purposes.
This course is worth taking
very excellent in teaching!
had  a wonderful experience
Thanks for the great course
It is a brilliant course!!!
It was really very helpful.
Good course and really help
Easy to follow instructions
Great way to learn grammar.
Had fun sailing through it!
Nice Course and An easy one
Great course,don't miss it.
It's helpful and not boring
excellent thank you so much
Fantastic Course. Loved it.
I love this teaching a lot!
Thanks to the Coursera team
It helped me a lot. Thanks!
i liked this course a lot!!
I learned a lot. Thank you.
This course is so useful!!!
This course helps me a lot.
great course! very helpful!
Very useful grammar course!
It is interesting to learn.
Very helpful. I'm loving it
Great day with this lesson
The course was so helpful.
Informative and enjoyable.
It is very useful. Thanks.
This course is impressive.
very nice way of teaching.
It's was very cool course)
The speaker is exceptional
Really informative course!
An amazing course thanksss
it is easy course! Take it
really It's useful courses
This course is very useful
Great for advanced writers
Well explained and useful.
vey basic and very helpful
This course is so amazing!
Amazing, awesome, perfect.
It has been really useful.
Very good and informative.
Very simple and effective!
useful course for writing.
It helped me a lot! Thanks
Very good and clear course
simple， clear, and useful!
great course really useful
Really helpful, thank you.
It was really enlightening
One of my favorites so far
Fun to whet our skills. :)
A well structured course.
very nice for punctuation
A good course to take on.
it is really good course.
Good and its very usefull
Best course and I love it
It is useful and amazing.
It`s a very useful course
Awesome refresher course!
Very concise and helpful!
I am enjoying this course
so helpful from the basic
we can learn many things.
very useful and perfect !
good course , thank you .
Love it! I learned a lot!
Just great, thanks a lot.
Good course to start with
It is very useful course!
it is very well designed.
Learn some helpful stuff.
I learn a lot, thanks :D
Ms. Chapman is terrific!
very well planned course
I found its informative.
This was really helpful.
Very useful for students
Best Introductory Course
It is very useful for me
this lesson is very well
It was a perfect course!
A pretty helpful course.
Learned lot of things..!
Thank you for your help.
This is amazing  course!
I learn so many things .
The course at it's best!
I enjoyed this coursera!
Excellent! Thanks a lot!
thank you for this cours
Great course! Wonderful!
very helpful instruction
Simple and Useful course
It should be free hehehe
Great and useful course!
Thank you! Great course!
Good interactive course.
Very good grammar course
Really love this course.
achieveable and helpful!
most interecting classes
I really enjoyed it. :)
Very Helpful, Thank You
there was no difficulty
This is great course <3
Nice and good experince
Learned so many things.
Very clear and friendly
Loved taking the course
I have learned so much.
must for basic learning
It was a very good one!
It was a useful course.
Nice course. Thank you!
concise and informative
It was well explanatory
It's helpful , Thanks .
Its a very good course.
Great refresher course.
Many thanks to you all.
Great refresher course!
Well taught and useful!
Love it, learned a lot!
that was super helpful.
Awesome course, thanks!
Concise and perfect !!!
Really helpful and fun.
is very useful course .
Very good, very useful!
many new skills learned
very useful and helpful
Coursera is the best !
A great course, thenks
This is a great start!
Unique way of learning
thanks for that course
That's really helpful.
i learn a lot from it.
It was very productive
Challenging and useful
I enjoyed the course!!
Great beginner course.
Great Course Thank you
Wonderful!! Thank you!
great course thank you
very nicely explained.
I learned new things!
Excellent for further
Amazing experience !!
its very interresting
great job, thank you.
great learning course
This is great course.
very easy and compact
It was very exciting!
I Loved it. Thank you
thank you so much !!!
Very well explanatory
I've learned a lot!!!
Was amazing an course
great,Thanks coursera
I am really thankfull
Wonderful and helpful
Really perfect course
it is very intresting
The course was useful
thanks you very much.
I enjoy it very much!
it is perfect course.
Thank you so much....
Great, very helpful !
very helpful course .
Actually, good Course
Very exact and useful
I learnt so much tips
Good! :) Thanks a lot
Very simple to follow
It is so interesting!
Great really good !!!
so easy to understand
Thank you so much <33
This taught me a lot.
Simple and powerfull!
It was really useful!
This is good course.
Informative session.
Very clear concepts!
the course is great.
It is very usefull .
it is really helpful
i loved this course!
very use full course
It's really helpful!
It was very helpful!
it is very excellent
An astounding course
thank you so mush...
Really useful course
It was really useful
Great Course. Thanks
0.0 awesome as usual
I have learnt a lot!
Informative classes
It was really nice!
Very good at basics
Excellent and clear
Excellent, Thanks!!
easy to learn here.
was a great course.
goood and excellent
thanks for efforts.
Very good refresher
i love the  course.
Very useful, thanks
very useful course!
Easy and simplified
very useful course.
Great!, thank you!.
Best course every!!
It helped me a lot.
Great online class!
it is helpful to me
it is really useful
Helpful for basics
It helps me a lot.
Good course for me
Thanks a lot 🙏 💓
Informative course
It's a very useful
Thank You so much.
It was refreshing.
Learned new ideas!
Fun and well done!
nice and very good
good organization!
good course thanks
Very Good course!!
It's a well course
Nicely scaffolded!
Really refreshing!
I love the course.
exactly brilliant!
this help me alot
I really enjoy it
very educational.
great job they do
Very efficient <3
Simple and useful
it's great course
enjoyed the class
very useful corse
Ghehehe very nice
great and awesome
Fantastic Course!
loved it, thanks!
Useful and clear.
good punctuation
very well course
A great course !
it was greate...
Great and useful
The best courses
Very elaborative
Amazing Courses!
It's very clear!
best of the best
I really like it
Leaning so much!
Impressive much!
good technecis.
On of the best.
It's so helpful
its ok but hard
Thanks for all.
It was helpful!
Really awesome.
Great course =)
this course was
A great course!
;) great course
It is good job
It's excellent
Good for study
it's useful !!
I am thankful.
Knowledgeable.
Good Course...
Great and good
It's fantastic
Easy to learn!
Good contects.
Thanks so much
it's so great.
Short and nice
it's so fun!!
It was Great.
Nice and fun.
nice training
highly useful
Helped a lot!
I recommended
Very Helpful!
Simply great
great cours.
Grear course
enthralling
Big thanks.
Great !! :)
it is nice
great help
ty so much
It's best.
helpful!!
its cool
thank y
Great.
