This is purely subjective, but I could not keep myself awake and sustain interest long enough to finish the one section I paid for. I guess I should have tried one for free first...I tried to tell the Coursera staff to remove the course from my list and that I did not need my refund, but sadly, it sits on my 'enrolled courses' list, perhaps permanently until I cancel my account. Luckily, I did figure out how to turn off the almost twice daily notifications.
This class is taught a terrible pace and is very old-school in it's thinking. It was pretty painful to get through actually
It said I could earn a certificate of completion... I paid and all and didn't get anything! I'm really disapointed.
Lot of Improvement required, Sorry to say, but nevertheless Youtube videos are better than the course content
Very through introduction course, very helpful for those who are preparing for PMP exam .
Please, I wish to change to Project Management Project Instead.
The quizes ask you questions based on non-required books.
The question patterns should be hard
boring. did not learn much
No factual tools !
I think there is a major thing that wasn't planned good. There has  never been an available option of downloading the lessons of the  Introduction to Project Management in a PowePoint/PDF document.Printing these lessons page by page takes a lot of time and moreover is a terrible waste of paper and trees!!! Even if I would like to save it in a electronic version I would have to save it page by page, for which I don't have time! This is ridiculous, sorrySincerely, Anna Wolska, MSc, PhD
I found this course disappointing. Whilst the presenter, Margaret Meloni, was enthusiastic and pleasant to listen to, the content was very sparse indeed. A large part of the content each week was simply reading a presentation which you could get from a book. I would expect an online course to be more interactive, have more videos, and more varied content. I found the case studies (where you had to imagine a real life situation and select a decision) useful - there was one of these per week when I think there could have been more, perhaps three a week. The course would also have been improved by the use of peer assessment on the assignments. This would have made them feel more worthwhile and that someone else was actually reading them.
The course used a lot of words to explain very imple topics without drawing on any real world examples and so the concept of a "project" was broadly oversimplified. Presumably to appeal to a wider number of people, but in the end it just seemed to be evangelising the PMI/PMBOK for the sake of it.I haven't got to the end of the course yet but my enthusiasm to do so dwindled very quickly.This may be a regional thing but I have never heard the word"processes" spoken as by the lady in the video. I found it difficult to concentrate on what she was saying as a result.
There are too many poured notions without practical explanations or case studies. Slides are read bullet point after bullet point without added value. The course is not compelling in any way. Too many references to a book said to be not compulsory.In the final exam right answers are not given. The course gives you just a smattering of the subject, nothing that you can apply with confidence on the job.
I felt the initial splash screen was a bit time consuming, also lot of the knowledge felt like more bookish. Could have been different styles of management and approaches or even how leaders in the past like Dale Carneige would have approached. This course has a lot of potential and I feel revising the next version would make it so much better for novice program managers
I like the case study videos in all of the weeks. They seem like scenarios which everyone would come across at any given point of time. But I wish there was more of video content than reading content. I pushed myself real hard to read the content. Would've preferred to have the lecturer explain all of that instead of having it all handed over in the written format.
The flash tutorials are helpful. Instructor quality is low, production quality of instructor videos is low. Not on par with the University of Virginia project management course. Pace of course is also extremely slow, though it may be appropriate for novice students. That should be made clear up-front in the course description.
Wish I'd been told before starting how much content relied on having the PMBOK book. Lack of linear structure to the planning process was quite confusing. The teaching seemed to flit back and forward the process. Left a litte confused about the correct order to tackle things in.
well organized course, teach you the basics of project management.Rated 2 stars: no point in paying if you don't have any course material, like downloadable presentation, which are crucial if you want to review what you've studied.
Good as overview, but pretty shallow. Only some slides to read through, no real exercises but constant reference to the standard project management book. Pretty fast click-through as start into project management.
The course is not interactive enough, it's a waterfall of dry information. I'd expected more based on the generally good reviews. Say, more examples, better videos. Think twice before buying.
It's for the young worker who just starts to work in the office.  The lesson may be too simple for the experienced officer
Despite having high quality contents, the quantity wasn't as much as I expected. The number of videos could be a lot more.
Some good concepts and stories, but lacking in specific techniques.
It should be alligned with PMBOK 6th Edition
Not interactive enough.
It was just theory!
Very Boring
Following are the scope of improvement - 1) The flash lessons could have been provided in some kind of downloadable format (preferably PDF)2) Actual examples of Project Charter and Project Management Plan could have been provided. This would have made it easier to relate theory (of this course) with (actual) practice.
Very small amount of video lectures, it's a self-learning EDU track, which is okay to a certain extent, but you turn out to be not that involved when there is only 8 mins of video-lecturing per week and everything else is read and study by yourself. More explanations, more real-life examples needed. Also, PMP-book "promotion" was mentioned too often. But overall course was good.
The course is really interesting but has two main downsides.First, half of all lessons is about reading a book that we should buy in addition to the course. I already bought the course so it feels just wrong.Secondly, the slides are quite interesting and complete but the fact that we can't print them to read them offline is odd.
Good coursethank you
Could be in much greater depth.  Loved the video lectures: more please!  Perhaps a second video lecture per week that delves into greater detail, so that the level of discussion is more in line with the PMBOK.  The quizzes were simplistic, which is fine, but the final was literally just questions from the quizzes pasted together (all were repeats!)  This sad fact undermines the integrity of the final as an actual test of ability and comprehension.
The course, as intended probably, is theoretical and gives a good snapshot of project management. Following the PMBOK guide and covering all the relevant portions in the limited time deserves an applause. The only area of improvement, I felt, was the case study.It could have been a little more detailed and has scope of increased level of difficulty. A good course overall and beneficial in almost all walks of work :) Thank you !
A bit confusing in term of structure. We jumped from some sections of the project life cycle to others missing some others. It gave a good general picture of what project management is about. But I'm not quite sure which is the order I should follow when dealing with a project. However I have to say I didn't do the optional readings. At least not yet!Anyway, I think is an overall good course for not initiated people like me
I have often wondered if it would be worth it to get a PMP certificate but after taking this class I am thinking not so much. Not a criticism of the curriculum, but as someone who has 20+ years in the creative field it's not apples to apples. The terminology is similar enough but still quite different. For a new person starting out in a non-creative environment this is good introduction to the general concepts on PM.
I watched the entire set of week one lectures, and sadly I do not think this is up to scratch with the rest of the material on Coursera.  The presentation is not consistent: there are slides, web cam videos, animations, and it just feels like the course is a mish mash. The University of Adelaide is running a similar course on a well known competitor site, so I have signed up to that.
Material is very detailed which is both a positive and negative. It gets a little redundant and some things are just common sense. You can tell the instructor is trying to be upbeat but is very clearly reading off of "cue cards" so it's a little flat. For a free course you get a lot of information and it is very easy to get a 100 on every quiz.
I like the materials, but I don't like that you need to pay to take the quizzes. I think that it is against the spirit of Coursera because it limits the experience of user who are willing to learn but don't have enough money to pay for the course. Many other courses allow you to take quizzes and do projects whitout paying
I think extra knowledge is needed cause while studying from the PMBOK, i found that 10% of the topic is being lectured and the other 90% are to be self-studied and technically 30% of not self-explained so more time is wasted in looking up for info that were not in the lecture if you know what i mean.
I wish the course had more examples taken from real project. It would be useful to consider more meaningful case studies and to analyze their actual documents and deliverables.One last thing, reading the slides through the website instead that having pdf to download and read was really annoying.
I learn more from this course such as how mange project, how I understood concepts key elements of project,  the performance cost work. Finally, Thank very much to all instructors or anyone contributes in preparing this course to content all these information that really gain more to background
the processes explained in the PMBOK Guide are very dense and neither white or black but grey. It is important so ilustrate with little examples in order to be able to understand the processes, documentation, deliverables and tools of each of the 10 knowledge areas of Project Management
The course is great resource of information. The biggest drawback is the need of using Flash to view most of the lecture. This limited my ability to went through the course on time - I "attend" Coursera courses using my iPhone while commuting and it is not possible for this course.
I really liked the case studys, the bonus videos and the panelist interview at the end of the course. This course is a good opportunity to gain basic knowledge about project management but I think the videos were too short and the majority of the course consists of reading.
I thought this course had a lot of great information, but I didn't like the order it was shared in. I felt like it jumped around a bit and did not give a clear picture of the correct timeline and steps I should be taking, when initiating and starting a project.
Really nice but a little complex for people who just want to learn the basics.  This would be very helpful for current college students as the course includes optional readings that are very informative and helpful for a deeper understanding.
Too much PMBok & PMI methodology promotion - it is indeed well structured, however looks artificially overcomplicated. Final exam is almost 100% consists from quizzes; additional reading only available through books you need to buy
The speed of speaker is really fast which may not be suitable for those whose English is not their native language. I had to listen at least twice to understand what was taught. The course is otherwise well structured and clear
The course went through too many concepts too fast without providing enough scenarios for better grasp of application. I also expected templates for various artefacts mentioned in the course, but they did not include any.
Some useful stuff in there, but a lot of unnecessary jargon, and the way of testing does not stimulate learning: it's often literally copy-pasting things from the readings, rather than testing underlying understanding.
It gives a good overview of the subject but still can be much better adding more subjects to the content and case studies for review. A forum would add value to the course by discussing with others about the subject.
I would like to see the more practical information. The course is 90% built on PMBOK. I can read this guide on my own outside the course. In the course, I prefer to see how the practice corresponds with the theory.
I wish there were more practical cases than just PMBook in online version. I doubt that anyone of an entry level needs all those endless theory lessons to get the grasp of what project management is about.
The content balance of the course feels very stretched thin over the 5 weeks. Regular, concentrated study could see an average student complete this course in a matter of days if not less.
The course contained some valuable information, but the lack of projects even small ones didn't help much. I would prefer a small project/assignment during the last week of the course.
It isn't as engaging as I thought it would be. Since this is an introductory course, it would have helped if this were more interactive to build the interest for the latter courses.
the information is presented well, but not in an engaging manner, I would describe the course as mono-tone.  I would have abandoned the course but I needed the certification.
sharing the experience was a great initiative but the links for reading is not working on google chrome or internet explorer, also I couldn't find the presentation materials.
I realize this course isn't expensive but it relies too heavily on the PMBOK without actually discussing it. I'd be happier with the course if the PMBOK had been left out.
I think the discussion on initiating and planning projects could be improved to be a bit more comprehensive and It would be great if the lecture slides were downloadable.
A nice intro course into what is a project and who is involved in a project. Some of the lecture material did not match the paired video which led to some confusion.
The Modules which were in the form of HTML files should have been in the form of lectures which would make them more understandable than reading for oneself.
The course is quite alright. The videos were too long and had too many messages in just one video. Nevertheless, I learnt how to be a better project manager
It's a good course, if you're looking to learn the basics of planning projects, and it doesn't take more than a day to complete, it's just a bit of reading.
Informative and clearly structured course. However, its content is aimed at professional project managers - useful but not exactly what I was looking for !
I suggest update content media and incorporate material to create a toolkit for students. Benchmark vs. Linkedin learn PM course which I consider great.
Reading materials were detailed but can cause information overload if the presentations are to be presented alone without discussion of instructor
Content is good and qualitative. But lack of real assignments beyond quiz, applying this knowledge to use case, and having peer reviews for it.
Please add exercise for a real-life project scenario that I can work on. This course has many pieces of information but no practice.
This is great. The manner in which so much details are compressed in a few lessons running over a short duration is impressive.
It is a good course for beginners. The exercises that include imagining could be changed with something else more proactive.
Pros: Very clear explanations, useful slides for PMP preparation.Cons: Very easy questions and exams. Not challenging at all
This course enhanced my knowledge about initiating a project and how to plan it and get success in your projects
Although I understand it was a beginners course, it was far too easy. I finished the entire course in 3/4 hours.
Good course for novices. Not enough new stuff for people have some experience in projects, formally, informally.
I would have liked to had more relevant examples of how to apply the concepts learned to real life scenarios.
Course can be further detailed and digged dipper to understand the concepts explained in the video lectures.
The exercises should have examples which we can solve because as students we don't  have many to work with.
The pattern of the course was too repetitive. There was not detailed feedback on the questions of the quiz.
It is a very good introduction to Project Management, but very simple. I would say only for very begginers.
test questions far too easyslide show lessons not well structured and too focussed on repetetive concepts
The lessons were really informative, however, I wish the structure of the lessons were more organized
If you're right brained it's very hard to get and stay into.  That said, the information was helpful.
Video lectures contains too many definitions requiring too much to pause while viewing the video.
The conecepts are difficult to understand because of the difficult language used in the course.
It helps get your feet wet. Also, I like the professor. She's enthusiastic about the material.
the assesments were not very helpful in testing your knowledge, you could add more examples.
Good way to refresh your knowledge about PMP .. but not qualifying as a professional course
It's just theoretical. We didn't get a change to apply the planning process and so on.
Good course, easy to follow. Stayed away from complicated, deep-dives of information
Useful if you want to take PMP exam, beginner info about PM, but not very deep.
Real live scenarios of running a project would add a great deal to the course.
I have no background in project management an even I found it too elementary.
this is very described and detailed information and lessons, good examples.
I did not enjoy this as much as the first course. Still interesting though!
Very high level course, gives a few hints on the main concepts of PMI
The content is good but the quiz and final exam are way too easy...
The site is not very user friendly. The information is good though.
Initiating and Planning Projects is a good course and I like it.
Covers basic understanding for Initiating and Planning Projects.
Too easy to pass! But thanx for your time devoted to the course.
Just a format introduction to Project management, but good one.
Need to me more technical. It was covering very basic concepts
A little too easy - can easily be done within 2 hours...
I would have liked better tools to do this type of work.
Very interesting!!!Let me go ahead with more courses
more practical projects&homework would be great!
It should include some assignments or projects.
The course is very basic. Almost common sense.
Good if you know nothing of project management
Very informative, and easy to follow format.
that's ok to who know less or nothing !
This was a good series for beginners.
The course is just okay.
The course was helpful.
Good for the beginners
Not enough exmaples
Well structured course, great presenter, really interesting materials, overall the whole 3 Part course is well worth doing. The bonus videos that the presenter does on real life examples are excellent and I've watched some of them multiple times. The course is useful not only aa good introduction to PM tools and techniques but also to reinforce what the role of the project manager actually is.
I hope there can be more examples and practise in real cases we can do so that use all these theories.
Very useful to start project management role with the right tools
Comprehensive start to understand PM concepts
If you're looking to brush up or learn some project management fundamentals and learn a little about the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK), then I recommend this course for you.  If you already have some experience and confidence as a project manager, then this course may be too fundamental for you.  This course covers a lot of the material from the "initiating" and "planning" stages of the PMBOK guide.  There's also a good section on authority vs. influencing and managing conflict.  The professor is great.  I would be interested in some more involved exercises or projects though, as the exercises are more so just a reflection question accompanying each week's lesson.  The class may be significantly enhanced by the optional reading, but, having not purchased those books, I can't say.
The course is well prepared, thought through, coherent and structured in a way that it supports the content. However, it felt very much like being in an advertisement program for PMBOK. This feeling was supported by the unavailability of all course materials.Throughout the course the PMBOK guide was included as the suggested reading. The PMBOK materials were featured in each and every lecture and the guidebook was extensively presented and recommended in an extra video. This gives the impression that the course content cannot be sufficiently understood without this literature. Therefore, I would expect the specific recommend chapters to be made available for the participants of the course, especially since this is a paid course.
This course packed a lot in and was very direct and efficient, giving helpful examples to illustrate the points. The project management tools learned can be applied in so many situations even for those of us who will never have the official title of "project manager". Videos are supplemented by flash lessons that go over the information, which was great for learners who may not learn as well by video alone. I would have liked one or two written assignments, but quizzes were relevant to the information provided and it was nice not to have to wait on peer-reviews. Overall, a great course.
That was really good and useful for me. The lector is great and the 'homework' really deep. But here are 2 problems for me:1. For me (I'm not a native Englishman) "homework" were not a 10-minutes light walk. I'm not against long and hard working, but I still think that the time which shown as "normal" for doing this work isn't truly and honestly make. 2. That was disappointing to see the last final exam in form of compilation of previous. That upset me a bit and make this course easier as I think.But summary the course worth this time and cost.
All information is relevant and useful. However, there are two points I would like mention.1-The lecture part should be more dynamic because it contains a lot of definitions and data. I find it really hard to focus in all that content; I needed to take many notes and sometimes re-read pages in order to get and understand what it is explained.2-The activity part where you have to think about your actual projects, should be checked by a tutor or someone who can tell you if your assessment is correct, I think this is part of the learning curve.
Good introduction to project management basics. Deals with the definition of a project and introduces the student to a set of formal ways to document things to consider when starting a project, e.g. scope, stakeholders and responsibility assignments. It is on times a little bit too theoretical for my taste. There are some small case study videos that are well done. Could be a little bit more hands-on.I still enjoyed it, learned a lot and will continue with the second course in this series.
Russian language is stated but some videos do not have subtitles in Russian. And the presentation is copy-protected, so it can't be translated into your own language either. It is also very difficult to find the theoretical materials on which the course is based in an online format in your own language. In General, the course is interesting and very practice-oriented, but training videos alone are not enough, you need to study theory.
Overall, the course was good. It offered recorded sessions, examples, case studies, control questions during lessons, and a summary of key principles as extracted from the PMBOK guide. However, it could benefit from having more of the former four items, which should satisfy the need for explanations and application of knowledge. The final exam had some questions repeating from previous quizzes, which can also be avoided.
I like the teacher a lot, I think she speaks very clearly and is very animated. The video/content is very fast though, which doesn't allow a lot of time to take notes. I feel the videos should give a high level overview of the reading, but I noticed that the readings sometime have a lot of important topics that the videos does not mention at all, so it's really important to read the accompanying materials carefully.
I feel so blessed that I was able to complete my first online course and achieving such certifcate. I am looking forward to completing my certificate and building a professional career. I reviewed the course with 4 stars as I think that the reading parts were a bit boring and confusing despite what it has as a variety of information. I am looking forward to finding a simplier yet an informative reading articles.
I liked everything about this course except that some of the lesson materials couldn't be viewed on my iPad as they were flash based. Other than that, the videos were good - not too long, not too short - and the quizzes were suitably based on what was discussed beforehand in the lectures and lessons. I also picked up one of the recommended readings "Fast Forward MBA in Project Management" which I also liked.
The course is great but can't give 5 stars because the times for completion are lazily derived.  For instance, every lesson that has slides is allocated 10 minutes, but some may contain 40 slides, meaning you only get 15 seconds for each slide!  There's no way!!!People learning online are often very schedule sensitive so it would be good to at least use accurate estimates of time required.
Very great course offering the basic introduction to project management that anyone can easily understand even if they have no experience!  The lectures were very useful and were supplemented with case studies and other interactive lessons.  I just wish there were assignments attached to the course rather than just using quizzes to check your understanding.  Very excellent course overall!
I like the videos and structure, but the assignments here are very weak--would be much more effective and useful to work with actual case studies. Simply asking us to 'think of some projects' makes it much more difficult to map the learnings to real-world problems. I'd strongly suggest using examples, like in the case study videos, so that we can really properly think it through.
Course goes over the most basic points, but also allows you (if you are interested) to dive much deeper into the content.  Seems it has everything any project manager would want, so definitely worth taking.  Would have wanted the questions to be a little more difficult and potentially more questions to help make sure the information was retained.  Overall a great course.
Since I have no other point of reference I gave this course 4 stars, but I really enjoyed it.  I like the layout of each course and the content.  The way it was presented made it easy to follow and understand and prepared you for the quiz and final at the end.I'm excited to complete the other courses in the Project Management program, in hopes of advancing my career.
I wouldn't mind having a concrete Project that will follow me from the start (week 1 - course 1) to the finish (week 6 - course 4), specially when it comes to the assignments (which could include quizes, "real life problems", brain storming and what not). I think that would definitely make the (whole) path of these 4 courses more interesting and more valuable.
While my job at a large software company is not a project management role per se, I could identify many of the concepts discussed in this lesson occurring right before my eyes each and every day.  This course could be helpful to anyone who is starting their ascent into a supervisory/managerial role or those asked to take charge of any project, large or small.
I just finished week 2 (of 6) and I feel like I am learning. I am taking this course because I am an entrepreneur and would like to acquire tools and techniques and explore processes that can help me manage my company's projects. Though we are a year in, this is a great guide for starting to rein in runaway work and control the processes of the organization.
Course content is well-structured and good references are given. What can be improved is that I want to see how these skills can be applied in real life situations. It'd be great if discussion session can be organized by Coursera, basically coordinate students to form discussion groups and meet at least once a week to discuss the topics covered that week.
Course gives a fantastic overview of initiating and planning phases of project management for those with little or no formal training in project management. The video lectures are excellent: very clear and concise. The flash slides, however, are not as good although still helpful. Revising them would help (especially the ones for the lesson on scope).
Course was good, but in the end I feel that I could have gained the same information if I just purchased the PMBOK Guide, and it would have been cheaper than taking this course.  Also, the flash lessons were really annoying, I would much prefer a PDF or something similar, so that I could more easily go back and review content.
I will give it 4 star not because lessons were bad or anything its just that there was more reading then visual/video explanations so thats what was down but over all it was a great experience.  Learn allot and most of the this were new to me and was an amazing experience thanks UC irvine and thanks coresera.
The course was well designed and its pace was quite good in order to to grasp the basic and deep understanding. It also includes real life case studies creating different scenarios.  At-last but not least  it broaden my horizons and give more confidence in order to solve the real life business problems.
Excellent introductory course to project mgmt. Could use some clarification/streamlining on the terminology vs test questions throughout. (subject matter does not discuss "scope"; but test does have questions surrounding it).  Overall I did end up learning a lot and looking forward to the next course!!
Hi UCI  Master's ,In the way of Presenting the teaching is Amazing and its very easy to understand the language with classic case study to review the Subject . This is really useful for me to scale up my Project management Skills to next level of thinking . Thanks & Regards, Parasuraman. Ramasamy
There does tend to feel like a big chunk of reading material but its not death by power point, the videos are good however the American PM gentleman at end bursts the bubble a little with his 'are you sure you want to be a PM' mentality, yes of course otherwise I would not be investing my time.
The course level was high with very detailed explanations in project terminology. The only one that could change in my opinion is that, at the bonus videos could be presented professionals with certain problems or situations that were encountered in their workplace and what actions they took.
Good, relevant information. My only reservation is the structure â€” the same phases are often revisited since the course arranged according to bodies of knowledge within the PMBOK. Wouldn't it make more sense to walk through the project from start to finish, i.e. using time as the main axis?
Learning was relevant to any project and put forward in a concise manner. The teachers used real life project management experiences to emphasize concepts and principles. I especially enjoyed the panel discussion with experienced project managers where they talked about their experiences.
Really enjoyed this class.  I am a very detailed note taker and there were a couple of instances that the information provided didn't match the quiz answers; i.e. The Triple Constraint.  Overall this is very convenient, good layout and I enjoyed the professor.  Ready for my next class!
Very nice course for PM starter, the ways and tricks presented in this course really gives you the tools required to start your project management learning journey. Great thanks to the tutor Ms. Margaret Meloni and defiantly to Coursera for giving me such nice opportunity for leaning.
Thank you Margaret for this course. It was great and I really enjoyed it. What I would maybe add as a point is the length of the video materials (longer), additionally, it would be great to have more videos included but still keep reading as backup information or refresh. Ekaterina
Although I had already some experience with project management I still learned a lot in this course. It really broke for me certain ambiguity I had from the theoretical education compared to the real work experience and my personal identification with the role of a project manager.
This was a great course, and I espesially liked the last bonus video. The creaters have grosely underestimateed how much time you are going to use on week 4 though (about scoping). For those of us who does these courses in our work time, that makes it really hard to plan the day.
Almost perfect. It would be perfect if more practical examples, as well as more tests (some of them were repetitive), will be added. Besides, open-end and/or case-solving questions, if added, would make learning and assessment during the course better. Thanks for the course.
this is a useful course, the only thing that is very upset is the lack of ability to translate text materials using Google Translate or other means, although the text can not be copied, which means that to master the course if you are not a native speaker is very difficult
It is a very good course who want to know about project management skills.It is introductory do not expect to learn many things. The course is very easy and introductory level. Before deciding a career or paid course doing this course can help in your decision making.
The course is very flexible and easy to understand. The instructor was amazing, but she should have contributed more to the course. The lessons are helpful, but the instructor excluded most of the topics from her lectures. The quizzes were easy but thoughtful.
Very good high-level intro to PMBOK-based project management. The UC Irvine classes are not particularly demanding, and won't by themselves prepare you to take the PMP exam, but they will give you a decent grounding in the terminology and principles involved.
I thought this was an excellent overview of project management. It didn't overwhelm with all the nuts and bolts of how to do this, but instead gave a general idea of what needs to be considered. I've already started using some of the tools presented at work.
Excellent introduction to Project Management. This course give definition to the field and provides foundational context for any level of practice. I especially appreciate the clean visual presentations and valuable bonuses provided by UCIrvine.
This course really covers the basics and the videos help organize and summarize a lot of the information. The readings and slides help provide even more information and they guide you to sites and other readings to learn even more on your own.
The lectures of the course are concise and well thought out. The provided text gives a lot of detail and examples of the concepts.  The real-world practice sections could really use some work, but otherwise, I really enjoyed this first Course.
The course was so easy to understand and the way it was taught was smoothing.Audio frequency needs to be little more audible. The quiz were so relevant to the questions studied under the course.Thanks for this Course and this Opportunity.
The Course is good for a beginner as it is easy to understand. The final test should be a little difficult. If possible the videos could be more elaborate. Instead of slides, Videos could be added to make it more interactive to learn
The course was very helpful for undersatnding basic concepts in project management, with interesting and insightful use cases. The pacing is excellent, lectures are just the right length to not get you overfluded with information.
Great, high-level overview of the project management process. The slideshows were easy to access and provided condensed and highly relevant information. The platform was well used, and I appreciated the flexibility of the format.
I loved that the course was short and sweet and provided a quick overview to PMP, PMBOK and how to initiate and plan projects. The practical tips provided by the instructor and panel discussion were very informative and useful.
Very good introductory course if you are new to Project Management.  I also liked the fact that the course is designed to help you build your project management knowledge and provides a clear pathway for more advanced training
This course is definitely aimed mainly at professionals who want to work for big organisations, but the content was explained very clearly and the panelist videos are very interesting for aspiring project managers. Thank you!
The course is a little bit hard to follow for the people who are just starting in the Project Management Area. It would be nice to have more video lessons and less additional material to consult. I liked the weekly exercises.
The course offers an inside into Project Management and what are the various parameters that project managers need to do and how to make decision to run a project smoothly and efficiently with cross domain functionalities.
Very useful information and a good start. My suggestion would be to have more interesting videos. There are more creative ways of presenting information that helps the student stay engaged. Perhaps a less formal approach.
A comprehensive introduction to good practices and approaches provided by the PMBOK framework, emphasizing the importance of criteria over methodologies, and establishing a fresh perspective towards conflict management.
the course is good and it gives basic ideas about planning project the video lecture are very easy to understand i like the last video where expert panelist shared their experience and the flash reading material is good
This is a good course for anyone in a project management role or is looking for a role similar to project management, the course modules explains the concepts from the PMBOK really well and keeps the learner engaged!
Margret Meloni is an amazing expert. She simplifies very important topics in a very interesting way. The issue that I faced, that the lessons were in flash format not a pdf, which didn't allow me to print them.
Its a very good course for beginner which makes you familiar to about project. How to initiate project and planning for the project. WBS is best part of this module that is really helpful in real time project.
That's an amazing course for beginners to learn how to planing and initiating for your project. In addition, you will know some basic information about your organization, stakeholders, and conflict resolutions
The course is great, the information is very realiable and well presented. I would suggest breaking down the information into several video lectures. More than one video lecture for each week would be awesome.
very informative course that gives basic understanding of project management. The materials are easy to read and prepare you for PMP certificate if you wish to. Yet, I hope to have more quiz or practice test.
nice course, I would have loved more video, they were engaging and useful. Also, the course needs more exercises and quizzes are far too easy. A good recap on the subject, helped me, could have been better
A very brief and compact course. I would really like it more if even the tools and techniques are introduced in between inputs and outputs. otherwise course was very useful for beginners like me. Thank you
It was a good course to initiate the project planning and management but needs more work on the exercise and final exam. As all of the final exam questions were already done in the individual weekly exam.
This course was tremendously helpful for someone who, like myself, may have a background in planning but was never taught a formal approach to it.  It really was a pleasant surprise to find this course.
Superb way of explaining, courses materials are concise and to the point and the panelist videos are also awesome-It would be more better though  if you add a hands on project with this also at the end
I think out of all the options for learning about project management and eventually to pass the PMI, this ranks near the top. There is certainly room for improvement, but overall a reasonable approach.
I really got hooked throughout this course. I loved the idea of expert panelist at the end of course. I have much confidence to apply this knowledge in the real world. Looking forward to other courses!
Great course. Teaches you a lot of new things related to Project management. Only issue I faced was the flow and how it fits together. A quick summary of all week courses in the end goes extra mile.
It was great way to start the journey to the Certification. The videos were very good. I feel the reading requires more depth and probably more case studies for better understanding of the subject.
Would have liked to have known about the additional books required to buy to fully understand the course. The instructor never really gives an overview and the flash lessons should be downloadable.
The syllabus is carefully structured. Well defined topics and the content is very well written and easy to understand. As a beginner I had absolutely no problem whatsoever in completing the course.
Great initiation into what is a project and getting started with your project. Great learning environment and presentation providing a good quantity of information without overloading the learner.
Interesting overview of the start of a project. Shorter thanks i expected. All the material can be covered in a week.Video content is good and clear. Written content could be more user friendly.
The course content gave me a good idea on project management. I think it would have been great if the reading materials were not so much definition based and had more example and visual content
Course was very informative and case study section was helpful. But I would like to see more of questions in case study section because it actually test your knowledge with real time situations
The course is very structured. It has started with basics and helped me to understand the content by taking real-time case scenarios. However, the quality of case studies should be improved.
Very informative. The professor is knowledgeable and relatable, and easy to listen to. The structure of the course supports all learning modalities and is effective if you put in the effort.
I think , you need to take more quiz and exercises in your course outlet, otherwise it showed bulk of garbages( sorry to say )..please add some more quiz tests in our course. Thank you MAM.
The course is good for a start in the Project Management field. It has covered various terms and techniques required by a Project Manager to Plan, Execute and Close the project efficiently.
Great course! It would be even better if lecture and study could be blended a bit more (occasionally felt like the material was just covered twice), but overall good content delivered well.
Very interesting and well organized. Sometime it's pretendet to have the pmbok that should not be essential for the book. In geleral there is a week connection between lectures and classes.
Fantastic course, very interesting. Useful even if you are not looking to become a full time project manager and just are simply involved in projects and would like a better understanding
Good planning and execution of this course...a little dry, and too much repetition for me, but I can see where that helps to reinforce learning for various learners and their styles.
its have a lot of very useful information including the bonus videos, but the way we are examined could be more challenging and the discussion forum would have been very interesting
I liked the course - it's detailed, short and provide a lot of information.The only thing I did not like is the final exam that include all the same questions as from other quizes.
pretty good, maybe it would be better if the supplemental materials were provided, or instead they added more richness to the course material rather than leaving optional readings.
While the nature of the work is not new it gave me the language to articulate what I have already being doing throughout my career. The videos and concepts were well presented.
The course is a good introduction to the topic.One improvement I'd like to suggest is to avoid using the questions from the intermediate quiz'es in the final test, if possible.
A lot of information, the explanation is clear and intriguing, wish the course could provide more detailed cases and examples so beginners would find them easier to visualise.
Inclusion of a little bit more of some interactive content and videos will be greatly appreciated. Overall a really good course. Please rely less on PMBOK Guide. Thank you.
I thought this course was excellently administered and was much better than than many of the online courses I took as an undergrad. I'm excited to start on the next course.
Great course, a good overview of project initiation from an American PMI perspective. Video's are clear and correlate with the lessons and exams. No ambiguity, enjoyed!
A great course with to-the-point lectures and lessons covering all areas related to Initiating & Planning Projects. Would like to see inclusion of more case studies.
It is a great course, they should just expand more and do more questions, the TMBOK  guide goes why deeper, they should also but nether the less it is a great course
It was a nice journey with this course. It will be helpful for the project starters. They will overcome their fear & will be confident after completing this course.
Good information, quizzes and exams reasonable in competency relevance. "Flash Lessons" are quite wordy, difficult to process information portrayed in these slides.
A good and comprehensive introductory course with valuable pm tools. However, the tests and the final exam were almost too easy. Could be created more challenging.
Great pace and content of instructor. Helped put a actual perspective rather than what can become a dry and very process intensive effort to learn this material.
Interesting course with a good business and scientific approach to Project Planning - the course lacks of real life examples, but again the content is clear.
I love attending courses in coursera. The lecturers explain every details along with examples, real instances. This helps to get a good idea on the topic.
Great information for beginners. Having more cases and practical examples to apply what we learned would be very interesting. Overall, a very good course.
Nice basic course of project management, with basic to medium level information. Good introduction to the subject if you follow the whole specialization.
the course was nice and clear in all ways through to the end and the videos really give you a clearer picture of what is to be covered.I was so grateful.
lack of organization, most of the course is readings, lack of case studies, acceptable in general, one of the rare courses in project management anyway
I wish the lectures were longer and more comprehensive and the reading was less of the bulk of the course. Still - learned a lot and love the lessons.
I would give it 5 stars but I had an issue with the final exam and had to take it 5 times before it stopped throwing errors. Otherwise a great course.
The lesson are very helpful and the course is  full of interesting  knowledge at project planning, however the teacher is kind of passive to explain.
Good as a touchbase course on Project management. Too much time spend on conflicto resolution vs other skills Sucha as managing costs or deliveravles
The only comment I have is regarding the week 4. I've got confused sometimes. I read, read again but I think need more examples to understand better.
the power point slide buttons are slightly off so you have to pay attention to when clicking the interactive lessons. Otherwise a great intro course
Overall, a great course backed up strongly be doing the optional background reading. Would recommend to new and experienced project managers alike.
Loved the learning and tools described and clear definitions of the scenarios arising and their respective handling. Very helpful for any manager.
Naturally, I found this section more difficult than the previous courses. I still suggested this to other coworkers, subordinates and supervisors.
I like this coruse and I hope to allow downloading the lessons "PDF" for the students to get more benefits and to save these lessons as References
Very interesting approach to the Project Manager world. Even if you have already some experience this course allows you to have a different view.
Easy to understand concepts on PROJECT MANAGEMENT. Best for all LEVEL of professionals who wish to enhance their knowledge on Project Management
While this course delivers satisfactorily the basics for project management, the content could be updated by including more expert interviews.
I enjoyed the course, I like the lessons and the material. Easy to understand and good real life examples of what you face managing projects.
Thank interestny course, get for yourself a new required information, a mild form of lessons .Moya difficulty only in translation. Thank you.
Some terms are used before ever being defined. I wish there had been some exploration of the actual online platform and tools, such as Jira.
Well-structured lessons, comprehensively covers planning & initiation stages of project management. The quizzes felt a little easy at times!
Very easy to understand the basic concepts and not at all dull. Bonus videos could be better quality and more structured, but they are good
Good Course for beginners. Easy case studies. But there should be more videos than reading content. Overall, would recommend this course.
It's a very interesting course in order to get a overview about all processes involved in project management and how important they are.
It is a good beginner course. However, I wish they had more and better exercises and quizzes to test our understanding of key concepts.
The course was great and informing. I would like to see when you answer something wrong on a quiz/final that it show you the correct an
The course was quite interesting with some practical cases. Could be much productive if become more comprehensive. Thank you very much.
Great Course...Advise it for new people in project management world.  Exercises could be better (putting scenarios or simulators...etc)
I liked how the course focused on key concepts only, and kept out unnecessary information. The quizzes could have been more difficult.
Very informative and fast-paced. Allows review of past lessons. However the final video with the panelists have a poor audio quality.
As someone with no prior knowledge in Project Management, I enjoyed this course, and I look forward to the next course in the series.
Text heavy, but fairly easy to follow. I enjoyed the course and look forward to continuing the speciality. Thank you for this course.
I'd suggest this course to anyone whom wants to get started with project management. Clear and specific points on the various topics.
It is a good introduction for beginners to PMBOK or a refresher for experienced personnel preparing for the PMP certification exams.
Great introduction to the basics of project management.Fast Forward MBA in Project Management text required to get the full benefit.
It's a nice and informative course, although grading could be a tab more difficult, especially the final quiz. I am here to learn!
Interesting and carefully delivered.Too theoretic for me, especially as  I'm trying to get acquainted to project management field.
Decently engaging. In this course I am too obsessed with verbatim type questions as opposed to questions concerning best practice.
The course is great especially for starters. Very academic approach though. Some practical examples were given from time to time.
It was an interesting and good structured course. It would be just great to update it to the newest edition of PMBOK. Thank you.
A lot of speech and no real case study, only one example. Need to have the PMBOK guide otherwise this course is not interesting.
Very crisp course, well explained. Maybe they can include a few activity/ assignments/ peer reviews to strengthen the knowledge.
Easy to understand and can refer back to the notes easily. Would be better if we could download the slides for future reference.
it is a great course that helps you as a beginner to understand the principles of initiating and planning in project management
A well detailed and certainly practical approach to learning and understanding the dynamics of project planning and management.
Recommended for beginner to know basic knowledge of project management. The course easy to understand and full of interactive.
Very informative and challenging, however, I was hoping it gives more in depth information. Still great course for the money.
More Video Explanation would be wonderful. It will help us, the students to understand better. All in all enjoyed the course.
Amazing, course. Gets you started on what you need. Just wish that the PMBOK guide book was included in the course for free.
Very nice course! However I would like to watch more videos, otherwise there is not a big difference between reading a book.
For Project initial planning & understanding it is very helpful. The course has the scope of all aspects with key knowledge.
A very good course which taught me several things on Initiating and planning projects. The course was simple and very clear.
Very interesting. This course allowed me to put into perspective what I learned and had as experience in project management
Very good course for beginners. First step towards understanding project management . Excellent presentation and content!
The Course provides great deal of information for beginners, help to understand 'What a Project Manager should do first"
It has been great to participate in this course. I am sure it will help me to deal with situations/challenges in my job.
the reading material provided is very good, should include more video lectures, i did most of the learning via reading.
Insightful and rich content including relevant study cases that are good to visualise different scenarios in real life.
Great guide for tackling down the PMBOK, by providing a sense of progress while going through the very extensive PMBOK.
Good course. I like the way the lecturer explains thing. They are very easy to understand, even for a beginner like me
Very good and interesting course.  But I had to go back and fourth to complete my notes as the course was progressing.
Really interesting course, the beginning is bit too theoretical but it gets much better after the beginning of week 3.
Good basic introduction to Project Management. I wish they gave more examples of how it comes together with forms etc.
The course is informative for beginner who wants to know basics about different aspect to consider managing a project
8/10, Î™ am very much satisfied and looking forward to completing the other 2 courses on Project Management Strategy.
It was good course but can be finished within 4 hours instead of 6 weeks which means the content isn't large enough.
Interactive lecture, with good breakdown to the core of the knowledge area, but also with a look on the big picture.
I enjoyed it, It was my first experience doing a online course, I can definitely recommend these courses to people.
Very good and simple to understand, the instructor was very clear and uses simple example as well simple language
They cover the basics of initiation really well. I just think that the lecture videos are delivered too quickly.
many things are useful in my professional life which i learn from this course but content of course is too short
This course provide a overview of project management. Also it leads me to think the PM problem in real business.
It is most usefull course here i have joined I got a lot of infomation from, with high Efficiency!thanks at all!
Overall a good course, but I would have loved to have more realistic study cases. I loved the final interviews!
The resources are helpful and the Professor has a wonderful demeanor making it easy to understand the content.
Useful and interesting, but seemed a bit easy; I completed the whole course in only a few hours worth of work.
I appreciated the course I think that could have given more tools for project managers to apply their skills.
multiple abstract cancepts in this course that need some concrete case study examples to apply and understand
I liked the course very much but at the same time, I felt the need for more case studies and video lectures.
Great course and material! It kept me disciplined and following up on class requirements to ensure learning.
Great course, would highly recommend. Only critique would be the lack of diversity in assessment questions.
It is a very good course because introduce in a simple way to the main concepts used in project management
Sarisfied with the course! But a download option for  the flash material would enhance the course better.
Very detailed and informative. Very easy to follow along with. Extremely satisfied and highly recommended
Good presentation and lesson presentation. The questions are thought well and the videos very interesting
I would like to have more free learning material to down load for free since I could not afford the books
it my first course on this platform and it was a great moment with the Tutor and the reading was lovely
Very informative, with precise information, important and practical bonus presentations are invaluable.
Many examples in this course helps a project manager to become accountable and responsible for his job
The pillars to planning a project are well described, but I would like to have more practical sections
it is ok for the first beginner like me, and this is suitable for busy people to learn the main ideas.
It is a good start but not for engineers .if you are engineer i think you should go to the next course
Short introductionary course with some pointed directions how you can follow further into this topic.
Its really a quick learning program in busy schedules and specially a perfect place for new learners.
Very good summary of the material. The only bad thing Is perhaps the long presentations for reading.
Great course and very comprehensive . It comes with additional videos to help you understand better.
Loved it! It exposed me to a lot of insights into project management that I will surely put to use.
Great class.  Very practical knowledge.  I wish I would have taken this class earlier in my career.
Presenter was easy to listen to and having the additional exercises helped understand the material.
The course is very good but they should not promote that much the PMBOK. It is extremely annoying.
Very simple and to the point and very suitable for understanding the basics of Project management
A good intro to project management, does not dig deep on concepts, focuses more on familiarizing.
Very good course for introduction in project management. Maybe more real examples would be grat.
This course really help me to understand different process involved in initial phase of project.
Really interesting and formative. I did this course over a couple of days when I wasn't working.
I really enjoyed this course. It boosted my insight into managing projects and solving conflicts
Good course for understanding the basics of project management! Good teacher and good materials.
An essential help for those who are determined to gain enough insight on project management.
I like this course , iit's full of good information about projects managmentThaks coursera !
The sequence of the teaching content seemed to me a bit confusing. Thanks for the learning.
This course is very helpful. Makes me think of the possible constraints and how to resolve.
The course is really nice, especially the video session... quite small but very efficient!
It was an interesting course and providing the skills that I was seeking to have from it.
Great course! Great instruction with ability to apply real life situations with examples.
Great class, very informative and well-paced. Perfect as an intro to project management.
Lot of useful information. Just give more practical examples to better imagine an issue.
it was very helpful, I learn more about project planning and initiating based on PMBOK .
Simple and direct. It is a perfect introduction to basic project management terminology.
Very advisable elearning course for people interested in learn about Project Management
The course is really good. As a fresher, I got to learn a lot about project management.
Great course to get you started in understanding and learning about project management.
I think it should have a webboard to ask between teacher and student or other students.
A very pleasant way of teaching. However i was expecting very advance course material.
Short and precise course for people interested to start or in project management role.
Good foundation. I really like the real-life examples that were shared in the videos.
Really helpful to have an idea of PM and the basics. Moving on to the next courses :)
I like the way this is made and simplicity of the professor in explaining the course.
Very good introductory course. Will recommend to other project management personnel.
It was a good introductory course. Not much detailed but shows you the ins and outs.
good but not up to that level. I hope it had more examples of network diagrams etc.
very good and helpful. They could improve the media material but overall quite good
Very Good course to understand the basic concepts of Project Initiation & Planning.
Very informative and helpful to learn the foundation of the PMBOK knowledge areas.
Very good course but they need to add more case studies and exercises to practice
It was my first course in coursera. Hope you will learn manything useful from it.
A more detailed course content would help in understanding these concepts better.
Nice course, perhaps a little light, but it's just an introductory course.Thanks!
This was a great mix of videos, reading material, and quizzes to keep me engaged.
The Course was very helpful in understanding how to initiate and plan a project.
Clear and engaging introduction, well spaced out to let the good stuff soak in.
The content is great, but the most part is presented using flash-based pages :/
It was a good course .I've completed my session but didn't get my certificate.
Loads of information and the pace was great for fitting into my busy schedule.
Great introductory course.  Well written, well organized, and well presented.
The course is well organized and useful. The slide is illustrative and clear.
Pretty good course for all people interested in the project management area!
very helpful and recommended for understanding aspects of project management
Good course, however would have liked to dig deeper into the different tools
Great introduction to project management. Easy to follow videos and readings
Very nice course , The content is very easy to understand, the assessment.
Nice introductions to such wonderful project knowledge for us the newbies
A good intro to project management. It was easy to follow and understand.
Concise, pertinent information, delivered in short videos. Very didactic.
thanks this course it helps me to understand project planning very well
Good for beginners and great insights from experience project managers.
It was really a wonderful beginning to the world of Project Management.
A very simple and easy course for a beginner i realy enjoyed learning.
Great package of learning designed by University of California, Irvine
This platform is best way to learn new things and gain the knowledge.
This course helped me alot to understand basics of project planning .
Must enroll if you have some desire to learn about Project Mangement!
The Lecture goes through too fast. It is a little bit hard to follow.
Excellent and at the same time quite simple to understand.Well done.
Great course to understand how to initiating projects and programmes
Good to build an initial base of knowledge about Project Management.
A great way to introduce the students to the initiation of a project
Good one, more examples about real life situations would be valuable
It's really a good course to take a first step in project management
Great course for beginners who are aspiring to be project managers.
This course bring me an overview about PM. Very interesting course!
A good simple course to kick off you way and explore the PM basics.
Nice  and clearly presentation for starters of project management.
Helpful and good introduction to get start on projects management.
it needs to be more difficult. I am alrady a PMP certified Engine
A solid introduction to the role of a Project Specialist/Manager.
Excellent course material to prep yourself for PMP certification.
This is the first coursera class I have taken.  I will take more.
Very informative. Great for people who have no background in PM.
It went really nice and I learned a lot about Project Management
Real life project based assignments should help learning better.
wonderful time i had it in this course new things i  had learned
This is starting point of project lead or project manager role.
NICE COURSE AND INTERESTING TO KNOW THE CONTENTS IN THE COURSE.
Awesome course, very well structured and i am loving it. Thanks
This is a good way to get started learning the PMBOK material.
Thanx for the course, it would be better to add more examples.
Excelllent to introduce you to the world of Project Management
this course is helpful.i am a construction management student.
The course can be improved by giving some more case studies.
helpful course to introduction of project management basics
i have acquired the basic knowledge of project management
Thank you University of California , Irvine and Coursera.
This course is very useful for project management skills.
Content is good and very interesting to learn , thank you
Id like to see more real world application for each week.
this is the best course i have been doing online till now
Very good lecture and lessons.  Practical, not just book.
Need to download the reading lessons for offline reading
Its well planned and all topics are explained in detail
Contains good information about the Project management.
Nice material. Opening my mind about project management
Course is very useful to me and it very interested one
great course...simple and easy....very understandable.
It is great to work online and collaborative learning.
It was a very good curse. I do lean much. thank You.
A nice introductory course but with some small flaws
More Examples and level of quiz should be more tough
good overview of concepts, nice instructional design
Nice introductory course. Very clear ans structured!
Helpful introductory course in Project Management.
A good starter on the topic of project management!
Nice course And very useful information Thank you
It was very nice sessions and were understandable
One research based assignment should be inroduced
good and learn more about initiation of  project
great course. good examples in the case studies
very general information, but good as a start.
Good one, with higher knowledge gaining course
Interesting foundations for project management
Descriptive introduction to project management
Sometimes dry, but the material itself is dry.
Informative, basic, nuts and bolts information
more detailed video content would be better.
It is a nice summary with fair expectations.
Refurbish your project management knowledge.
Easy to understand and simple to keep track!
A good course introducing Project management
it really build me up in project management
LEVEL OF THIS COURSE IS A LITTLE LOW FOR ME
Very interesting and easy to learn material
Good overall overview of project management
Good start to understand project management
A great kind of teaching by the professors!
Really good basic project management class
Well Structured and best for the starters
Prefer to understand more of case studies
Questions should be a bit more difficult.
Helpful to have an overview of the PMBOK
Very easy to follow even for a beginner.
Links for future reference can be shared
This course is reaaly helpful. thank you
excellent examples and very good videos.
Lessons are not compatible with tablets.
The course content was very informative
WOw..! This is very informative course.
Great! i learn how to manage the pmbook
Good first steps in project management,
Good course with best reading materials
Thanks for the lecturer was excellence
A lot of theory bur very poor practice
Very insightful course. Learned a lot.
It could Have more video explanations.
Helpfull, intersting and easy to learn
Solid information, decent presentation
Modern style, well organised material.
course was good and learnt new things
Thank you its great courses I love it
All information was taught concisely.
I am highly satisfied of this course
its good course but not more engagig
It was a good and insightful course.
Indeed a great course for beginners!
most valuable content Thank you much
Easy to follow and very interesting.
good overview, well balanced course.
Very complete and synthetic course.
Great platform and relevant content
Great start into project management
This course is really informative.
course was  clear and  interesting
good but not certificate recevied
Good course to cover the basics.
Very helpful learned many things
Great teaching and illustration.
Well structured and informative.
its just great and impressive...
Good detailing and more pratical
A very good course . Trustworthy
Interesting and easy to follow.
Great course, very informative.
It was really a good learning !
Excelent informationand videos
It is helpful for a beginner.
Project Planning and Conflict
Rlly helped me gain knowledge
Very clear and well organized
Amazingly articulated course
great course by all standard
Excellent! Clear and concise
great course ,easy to follow
It was a good course indeed
very help full short course
Very Interesting and useful
It was really great course.
Thanks For the Opportunity
Good and very informative.
What a exciting experience
course was short and easy.
It is reallly good course.
Good overview and insights
Really interesting course.
Overall good information.
Great introductory course
could do with more videos
Good, easy to understand
Need more video courses.
A little easy and basic.
Very good course indeed
its a fine way to learn
Very Informative course
Too much theory for me!
Great and informative!
Content was very good
light and informative
its very good course
Good for the basics
Good content bundle
Not so interactive.
Seemed a bit basic.
Great for starters
Good interesting
good eexpressive
not satisfactory
Very educative!!
Nice Training!
Good materials
Good One!
satisfied
I have completed the initiating and planning and project management course and I must confess Molony made it simple in the videos by explaining the secrets to decipher the PMBOK in very simple terms
I enjoyed this course, the mix of the video presentations and the powerpoints are well done. The instructor did an excellent job. the 'bonus videos' and 'panelist interviews' are very good as well.
I found this course to be very helpful to me in understanding what a project and project management is. Though, I may not handles projects for my current employer, the processes discussed here can help me to be more productive and efficient in my work environment. I am able to have a project attitude for non-project assignments. I also enjoyed the mix of videos and reading powerpoints. Plus, everything is at my own pace so that makes it less stressful.
This is absolutely worth everything that I invested into this course. And I do not mind studying it all over again! I recommend it for anyone who wants to learn project management.  Thank you Margaret.
It was a very good experience joining in Coursera
Doing this course 'Initiating and Planning Projects' gives learners, practical skills on Project management based on PMBOK methodology which is framed by PMI based on contributions from experienced professionals in the field.  Prof Margaret Meloni is a great teacher. Students will enjoy her crisp, clear and lucid style of communicating ideas. Slides are  well designed. Video  quality and sound quality is also great. You will encounter lots of good  quality reading materials. Quizzes will help you to test your knowledge  as you progress. Overall, an excellent course fit for project managers  and project team members who work for construction projects. Also good  for the aspiring project managers. Thanks to Prof Margaret and UC Irvine  for the great course.
I have never been so glad to take an online class before. The instructor did a phenomenal job in choosing which parts of the lessons to elaborate on and just how deep she should go into the particular she chose to focus on. This is not to say that she didn't give a balanced and complete overview because there can be no doubt that she did. What was especially impressive with the class is that it was the perfect amount of information covering all the basics plus a few optional additions that adequately and efficiently introduces on to the world of Project Management. I highly recommend this course especially as taught by this particular instructor. 5 big stars without qualification. Thanks from Oceania.
There is a LOT of material in this course. The videos go a little too fast at times, so a 10 minute video would usually take me like 20 so I could get some notes from it. The presentations are perfectly structured, but they are a bit long, so again plan on spending a good 20 minutes per presentation if you plan on taking notes and all.Finally, the role of the PMBOK Guide as complimentary material to this class is strongly under-emphasized in the introduction. However, all optional reading is from this guide and another book also mentioned in the introduction. Maybe mention this in the intro so people can make a more informed decision as to buying those books or not.
It was very helpful for me to understand what the project management is. I am just thinking about starting this new career path and i was feeling comfortable in this field during the learning process.
Amazing overview of the project pipeline
First of all, a big THANK YOU for offering MOOC. It enables me to gather knowledge on subjects I am interested in and to help boost my career development. About the moduls/lectures taught here: there is no doubt that there are lot of definitions and sequences of processes in Project Management that need to be learnt by heart. I have borrowed the PMBOK and after taking a brief look at the contents I felt confused and do not know where to start.Thanks to the brilliant Margaret Meloni, she showed me the way out of this labyrinth. By her easy-to -understand lectures I am able to grasp the overall picture of Project Management. The bonus videos aber her experiences as a project manager habe been wittily narrated and very essential as they give us a glimpse into the practises in the real world.Thank you all for your efforts!
Very good course to cover the basics of Project Management.  If you have been on projects already, this course can provide insight as to why somethings went wrong and brings you back to the intent of the PM role.  I have been encouraged that the process of becoming a PM can be daunting, through daily work, I have been exposed to much of this and can now assign industry terminology and methodology to what I am doing.  If you have never done any PM work, this will give you a glimpse of what is involved.  The format is so direct and simple (in the best way :) ) I think that people currently in some type of this role will appreciate the content more than someone who has never done any project work.
I like the way how this course is structured and easy to follow in addition to the way it directs your attention to things that you really need to be aware of in your career
This course provides some practical situation which enriches my acknowledgment about being a responsible in any project  and it also helps me to understand the planning process management proficiently!
The course is a very great asset to any aspiring project manager. You get to understand the fundamentals and essentials in any given project and the means to ameliorate conflicts amongst stakeholders.
Thank you to Coursera for such a great platform to improve our skills and literacy.The learning environment offered here is completely a learn at your own pace environment,making it flexible to learn.
I really enjoyed this class because it is truly SELF paced. Yes there are deadlines  for submitting the quizzes but I feel those are just to keep me on track. I got to go as fast as I needed, still received feedback from the quizzes that I was learning what she set out to teach me.  I enjoyed watching her videos.  They were engaging, short enough to keep my attention and long enough to really present the material for me to understand.  Plus I liked that there was optional reading that was really optional.  I would recommend this class to others. I put in the amount of time she has listed on her time suggestions at the minimum so this was a great course that worked well in my personal and work life.
In addition to luck, the most important factor that determines the success of man is his perspective on life.

Carol Dweck of Stanford University says that the common feature of successful people is their perspective on life. These people are focused on continually improving the opportunities and abilities given to them. They see life as a journey of "learning", "growth", "development", "maturation". For this reason, they are always focused on development and self-renewal (Growth Mindset)

Others think that the opportunities and abilities given to them in life are fixed. These people with a fixed mentality think that they will complete life with the innate opportunities and abilities given to them. Therefore, they believe that it is not necessary to strive to learn and progress (Fixed Mindset).

However, life proves the opposite. The reason for the failures of the very talented, well educated children of the wealthy families is the â€œfixed mentalityâ€ they have. This mindset prevents them from learning, developing, growing, maturing and being successful.  I learned a lot thanks to coursera, thank you to everyone who contributed
My sincerest gratitude to the University of Nueva Caceres,Naga City Philippines and University of California, Irvine for my successful On-line Free Course Completion on Initiating and Planning Projects as I worked hard to get the course completed amidst the challenges I confronted like time constraints, pressure of daily field and office works and especially the stress of the deadly COVID19 Pandemic which caused so much thinking and abiding of the strict implementation of health protocols to keep safe and well and cramming due to poor and fluctuating internet connection. These opportunity keep us active on line putting  considerable measure of finishing the course whatever it takes and the outcomes was truly satisfying. A debt of gratitude is in order for everything.
Initiating and Planning Projects by University of
California, Irvine taught me a new skill set of knowledge applicable to
my overall career and self-development. The topics are all relevant and
delivered professionally by the subject matter experts. The discussions and activities
are well organized for learners to gain a better understanding of the course.I really appreciate University of California, Irvine
and Coursera for granting me financial aid in completing this course. This opportunity
gave me a life-changing learning experience.Completing the course is worth the time and effort. Highly
recommended to all learners to take this course.Thank you Initiating and Planning Projects team!
Thank you University of California, Irvine!Thank you Coursera!
It was a very good course to get the basic knowledge regarding role of the project manager during the initiating and planning of a project. Since the actions of a project manager during this part will be impacted throughout the project, this phase is very critical. In this lesson series that importance and risks were well delivered. Videos were short and sweet which makes them very interesting to watch. Reading contents are also very briefly presented. The interview session with the expertise in the field which is presented in the final week is very valuable and also the additional videos which were provided after completing the  quiz every week.
This course was very informative and new to me.  At first I thought it was going to be a great challenge because it was different, but after reading the PMBOK and doing the required quizzes I got a better understanding of what I was doing.  I was able to mirror what I was learning to things I encountered daily while working at the construction company and this provided a great point of reference and made it  all seem real.  I will definately be completing the full course available.  Happy that I attempted this and enjoyed doing it..
High level of video and reading material. One of the best courses Iâ€™ve taken on Coursera. Be advised through, the time reference for the reading material is rather misleading; due to the volume of information in each reading module, reading through it all and taking notes (which you will need in order to pass the module and final exam) will definitely take you longer than the stated 10 mins. Overall, a great course thatâ€™ll definitely be useful in my pursuit of a career as Project Manager.
This course is unique way to improve professional skills to imbibe the basic contents of project management for professional development of Young project managers. Especially I would like to thank Margaret Maloney ,Course instructor for her patience and simple language to explain and make understand each and every phase in project planning and also thanks for the panellist interview with 
















Marty Wartenberg ,Neil Sahota ,Karen Nguyen for sharing their experiences.
It was an exciting opportunity to follow an online course such as this one. This was my first online course experience. It worked so well. It has been planned and  organised very effectively conducted by the course instructors, especially Ms Margaret Meloni. Her vedios and the introduction to PMBOK were informative. Doubly contended about having put my COVID-19 lockdown days to achieve something useful from home. A big THANK YOU. Wish to follow more courses soon.
I really had no clue how much I had to learn about Project Management.  I thought because I'd spent a number of years doing project management on the job, I'd be flying through the courses easily.  What I discovered was basically a new language with practicable and meaningful applications that deepened my appreciation for the materials and courses.  I have so much to learn (hope this is always the case anyway) and look forward to future courses in this arena.
Amazing in it's simplicity! It allowed me to understand the core concepts of Project Management without all the fluff that exists in some on campus courses. Truly designed with the professional in mind. Quick, simple, comprehensive, all with a very professional appearance. I especially appreciated the real life examples and the case studies Melonie presented. They really helped me better understand the principles she was trying to explain.
I have been working in various  indigenous and international based  Humanitarian  community development projects for over ten years.  Working  in these organization has given me the opportunity to attend  training organized both at home and international levels. compare to all training  I attended, I found yours really exciting and helpful to person like me who have ambitions to enrage in  project planning,design and implementation.
Love the Bonus video part of the course! The course has a simple structure and helps you work through the key factors in Project Management efficiently. I recently began to work on a project. With the ios App and self-paced course, I can learn the course while I am commuting between work and home in one week. I plan to work on stakeholder registry and WBS with team members to bring the concepts into practice. Big applause to Meloni!
A good course .I am pursuing my bachelor's in Computer Science and this is my first course in PMP and hence find it very informative from my perspective since I don't have any prior knowledge of Project Management .Very informative , Lot of material for reading is provided with good examples for application of the knowledge.I guess most the CS or Engineering  students would find it Very informative . It is Worth taking the Course
I have attended a few project management online courses and most of the time, the material is being presented in attached, theoretical form that you spend most of your time trying to stay interested. However this course presented interesting topics in a way that is relatable and understandable . I am invested because Ms. Meloni gave her real life experiences, showing  the importance of the  material to success. Thank you
First course of the specialisation "Project Management Principles and Practices Specialization".You will learn the basis of a project, how to manage stakeholders, what is a project charter,...It's a great course about project management. It's a 6 week duration but you will work less than 2 hours a week.I recommend this course if you are ready to do all the specialisation because doing this course only makes no sense.
Excellent course! Very well organized and great integration with the reading material. In particular I found the workload and learning material easily digestible as a full-time working professional. Ms. Meloni is fantastic at communicating the critical elements of project management academic material while simultaneously integrating the curriculum with 'real-world' situations. Well worth the money and the brainpower!
I enjoyed the course immensely. Excellent course material, and an outstanding instructor make the "Initiating and Planning Projects" course rock. Bonus videos are a treat and and filled with practical advice and wisdom. You can be confident that this course is a great value add, and a wise investment of your time and effort. If you are studying with your PMP exam in mind, then you now know where to look.
Comparing the other courses, this course is very accurate and target-specific. It helped me to understand the project management theoretically and also made me realize how challenging it is by the real examples. I loved all parts but my favorite part is the week 6 which includes the panelists, because they are the real mentors for a new beginner project manager. I am thankful for this course.
a big WOW to Margaret Meloni's style of instructions!I've tried taking  a few online project management course but lost the interest half way,  I am determined to complete this one,due to her simple approach of explaining the concepts related,very clear and precise.My understanding about the project management gets better after listening to her lectures.Keep up the good work!
One of the best Project Management course I have taken so far. The concepts are explained in a simplistic engaging format. The additional PMBOK related material covered through PPTs and as additional videos is extremely helpful and beneficial for someone who is planning to get their PMP certification. Case studies are also very interactive to understand the concepts.
This course was an excellent course for a Civil Engineer like me who has the potential of becoming a Project Manager in near future. Specially the course content was really high standard, and the presentations were very clear and attractive as well. Also the interviews were very useful in order to get an idea on field exposure.Thank you! Keep it up the great work!
This was very comprehensive and easy to understand with tasks and exercises that was very helpful in implementing every knowledge gained per modules.The program manager did a good job in breaking it into smaller units/modules for proper understanding. I strongly recommend you take this course if you interested in starting or growing a career in project management.
Great course to learn online for every individual aimed in becoming a successful Project Manager in the construction industry, public and private sector, and organization. I really love and enjoyed my period of learning this course with my Instructor Margaret Meloni, MBA, PMP. Though it requires time, dedication, and commitment. So i have earned my certificate.
Excellent course, especially for project managers like me, who have not had a formal training of project management. This course showed me several ways to do things in project planning that I have been doing the same way over the years. It has also impressed upon me, the importance of getting formal education/training to get to a higher level of understanding.
It is a great online course.  Although I am not an English speaker, nor having any experiences about initiating and planning project, now I have general ideas about what it is about. The lessons are not too hard to understand but at the same time, they are challenge enough for a beginner like me. So, thank you, UCI, for creating this online course.
This was an exceptional overview of project management, with a lot of information that was very well presented.  I look forward towards finishing this specialization.  I took a year long project management program with Boston University and this specialization from UC Irvine is a excellent review of that material.  I highly recommend this course.
The course is a fantastic refresher on basic principles of Project Management. Margaret Meloni presents material in an engaging format. In fact you can see her wealth of experience shine throughout the whole course. Case studies and panel interviews also did add a bit of 'practical' flavour to PMBOK fundamentals. Recommended by a Project Manager!
Honestly, I didn't know a lot about project management that have learned here. PMBOK guide is really a helpful supplement. And the matrix-based analysis was much more understandable for me. I Experienced as a real project manager. I tried to learn the lessons more efficiently. Thanks to Coursera, UCI, and all the associates for this opportunity.
This was first course with the organization, having 20yrs above experience in the industry. Planned to upgrade my knowledge skills seeking your help. Well must say morale is boosted & feel quite motivated for having learnt the strategic ways of engagement which were missed so far in my role towards the organization working for. Thanking you.
This course is highly recommended to all those doing and planning to make projects.The knowledge and skills in this course can make someone to make and have a successful project.Great thanks goes to An instructor and the coursera supporters for enabling me to attain these skills and knowledge.99% are applicable for a successful project.
This course really helps understanding the primary phases of project management. Margaret Meloni is excellent in presenting this course. I already knew some basic info about the PMBOK but with this course i have learnt a lot more than previously. I really reccomend this course to anyone wanting to learn how project managements works.
It was an amazing experience learning about projects. This course has helped me understand various ways in which organisations can work. It has also provided me with knowledge to manage human resources. Overall, its a good course for the beginners to get the basics. Thank You to the whole team for University of California, Irvine.
I really enjoyed this class. I liked how it was structured and the duration of each video. I was able to take this online class during my work schedule, because it did not impact my program. I enjoyed a lot professor Margaret Meloni and the way she delivered her speeches.  She inspired me on how to deliver my own speeche
I am not a business major or something. In fact, I'm a premed student but I find this course very helpful as it can be used in any situation be it something big or small. The course is also well-designed and everything needed is there already. I don't regret taking this course! I think this will help me in the long run!
Very nice introductory course to PM. Well-balanced in terms of content, with a mix of videos and powerpoint presentations. Really enjoyed the case-studies and the interview with panelists. Easy and comfortable to follow. The instructor did a very good job. Thank you to the whole team for providing this amazing course.
Great course. Gave me a good overview, actually more than an overview, of project management.   Lecture was to the point and easy to understand.  Lessons were presented in a very informative and logical manner.  I really enjoyed the video tips at the end of each lesson and the panelist discussion in the last lesson.
This course was an excellent introduction to Project Management. The material was well laid out and the pace was good.  I recommend that any one challenging the course obtain a copy of the PBOK guide, for the recommended readings.  You can successfully complete the course with out it but I found it added depth.
I found this course to be invigorating, knowledgeable, and relevant. I am very happy I took it.  I will be able to immediately use the skills I learned. I hope to learn as much in the next course leading to my goal to a specialization. Thanks for all the support,  and making my time here worth all the effort.
This is a well written course, the video lessons are very helpful. Because of  Coursera.org, I have improved my knowledge and understanding of project management 100%. This is a big help on my job, thank you so much.  Since I am working, being able to stop and come back to finish the lesson is a huge benefit.
Thank you very to UCI for such opportunity. I am fully satisfied with the course and I can't wait to get into the next courseI highly recommended this course to those who would like to take Project management as part of their career.Thank you so much once again  Margret Melon , You're really incomparable
Good trainer and very informative! The best I like is the videos do not spent too long to explain the concept if compare to some other online courses that I have taken in another online learning portal. Sharing of experiences also make us have a better overview about handling in the real world. Awesome!
This course covers all information regarding Project Planning, formation of management team, organizational structures, and documentation process which enhance the quality and learning in the course.I will recommend this course to all candidates who are willing to opt Project Management Career. Thanks !
Amazing course and platform.  For the first time I learnt about it, and the way the concepts were cleared was amazing. I wish if I could enroll some other subjects, or in the near future. Last but not the least HEC Pakistan played a great role for the students to use this productive and free platform.
This course is really great cause it covers the basics, meaning students or individuals who are beginners will have no problem learning the basics of Project Management. This initial part of the course may be quite technical and easy, but it's a nice means to start how a Project Manager should think.
I really liked this course. I find the content and materials delivered very interesting and useful for my career development. However, I find that there are too many opportunities to pass each week, which makes the course extremely easy to pass for everyone even without trying hard (moral hazard :) )
Extremely interactive, simple to understand and I enjoyed the different teaching styles with the readings, videos and little exercises within the material. Very engaging. The panel interviews added a nice practical touch to the course as it shows what we learn is not just theory but rather useful.
excellent prep. lots of info in this course. i personally passed it 100% o first try, but feel in need to take once or twice in full to digest all info within this course. overall great learning opportunity and very comprehensive. Good mix of video and reading and valuable blend of info sources
Very Good course to initiate yourself on Project Management. It makes a good job at teaching you the basics and showing you which tools are available to project managers. That said, it doesn't do a lot of emphasis on how to use those tools, but that information you can easily find it elsewhere.
First of all i would like to thank Margaret Meloni for her sincere efforts for making us understand the basics of project management. this course gives us very good idea about the initiation activities of a project, human resource management , organization structures and conflict management.
It was a very wonderful and well designed course. Module wise extra reading and the perfect quizzes have built the confidence in the learner as course progresses. The lecture videos are very good and helped me to comprehend the concepts. It was a very nice and pleasing learning experience.
Extremely well versed and well read instructor with a very good understanding of what is important and what is not so much in an introductory course. Relevant subject matter and the course was laid out in a very organized and logical way. Would recommend to anyone interested in this field.
This course was very easy to follow along with. The videos and the course activities were interactive, tons of important information from all courses. This certificate took me less than a month to complete, working for a couple of hours twice a week. I highly recommend this certification.
This was  very informative course, especially with the optional readings. I learned a lot of the basics around initiating and planning projects as well as the terminology around this area in project management. The videos were informative while being short enough to watch in one sitting.
This is a fantastic introductory course for anyone with Project Management responsibilities. It gives you an overview of the basic skills and requirements needed to be a successful project manager and introduces first techniques on how to best manage scope, key stakeholders and conflict.
I love this course. I love how I can slow down the video for the professor to speak slowly and she actually does so I can take notes. I also like how she provides you with a slide deck on the lecture so you can also go over that as well to learn (or re-learn) the information. Thank you!
Many thanks for this course. I would love it.Materials of the course are were very exactly formulated and understandable.Margaret Meloni made this course as colorful with her melody voice and good explanations.I think i will use knowledge which i got from the course in my future works.
The videos are rather short, concise, and very informative. Ms Meloni is quite clear and explicit with her explanation and general understanding of the terms she is teaching. Highly recommend this course for anyone who is just starting out their learning process in project management.
An excellent introduction to initiating and planning projects for which you are PM. The material was presented in a clear and precise way with frequent reference to PMBOK, allowing further study and reading. I feel like a gained a good overview for this stage of a project as a PM.
This is the best course I have ever seen. Margaret Meloni is an amazing speaker. It's really a pleasure to hear her. Her explanations and real-life examples help understand the topic very fast. I recommend this course to everyone who are in any way related to project management.
Wow! what an experience! The course was so informative, it has ignited my appetite and I'm now thirsting for more and more of such learning. The professor was very excellent in her delivery of the content, I enjoyed the course all the way to the end. Thanks for the opportunity
I just audited this course for free to acquire some additional knowledge about project management. The course is easy to follow, well written, and I enjoyed it. The author gives valuable information about the PMP certification, if this is something that you intend to pursue.
Informative yet easy for the layperson to understand, this course felt like a great in-depth look at the first two process groups of project management. I feel like I have gained useful skills for a future career in this field and will be continuing with the specialization.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. If you are a beginner and are just getting into Project Management, this course will be a good fit. The lectures were good and I liked the fact that the course included lessons from the PMBOK to further expand on what you just learned.
I don't regret taking this course. By curiousity I just wanted to do something different, learn new skills and at the end of it I just realized this course spans through all domains of life. I am looking forth to use the skills acquired to upgrade my working standards.
This course has helped me better understand the field of project management. I have now a very good grasp of the project cycle and have been introduced to the PMBOK. the instructor was friendly and has wonderful pedagogical approach. I strongly recommend this course.
Great introduction to project management! Videos were easy to follow - delivering real life examples of the challenges within project management! The best part was the tools to help you get the job done! Thank you! Thank you! Will be following up on the next course!
It's a very good course, that focus on the essential in the videos and provide a lot of detailed and useful information in the material. The bonus videos bring additional insights that are relevant and which you would think as "I could use that" in real situations.
It's a very knowledgeable course and it is very beneficial if someone is interested to take the path as a leader and and a Project Manager. Although I don't have the PMBOK Guide, throughout the course everything has been explained in a neat and organized manner.
The form of knowledge stimulation is very well organised throughout this course. I am highly satisfied with the materials, as well as applications. What I highly value is the presence of real situations, which stimulate the implications of the given information.
Content of the course is very clear and very well structured. I have started this to improve my skills under a different area where I'm not engaged in day to day business. This course gave me a very positive start and helped me to put the foundation strongly.
Much obliged to you to Coursera for such an incredible stage to improve our abilities and education. The learning condition offered here is totally a learn at your own pace condition, making it adaptable to learn. Seriously this course. That was great for me.
Amazing course! It gives me the knowledge needed to operate in more professional manner and specially how to deal with the conflict which I had experience in the past. It's been really easy and straightforward follow the classes as well. Thank you very much
This course was very interesting. It helps me to evaluate my work and I gained skills about project initiation and planning.I would like to say thank you to Coursera team, ICU team, RTN and Commonwealth organization.It was a great journey to walk with you.
Succinct, to-the-point lectures and slides. Lots of detailed information on slides and in suggested readings. Good foundation to start thinking about project initiation and planning and will be beneficial when followed up by more application of knowledge.
Great course! I am going over project management in a grad course now and had no true background in it. This course allowed me to go into that class with some understanding of the terminology being used and that helped me participate in group discussions.
My field in Project Management & this course will be one more feather in my resume and has attained basic knowledge about this field. Its really knowledgeable and skilful. All topics have been  defined very professionally. Its a great satisfaction level.
This course allowed me to understand in a general way the principles of project management, critical points and how to start a project properly. It is very well detailed and at the same time it is concrete. Im I'm a beginner and for me it was perfect.
Great beginner's course that fills you in on all the essentials of initiating and planning projects. Once you have passed it, you are more than able to initiate and plan a wide range of small projects and get hands-on experience in project management.
Very well explained. Gave me an knowledge for tools and better understanding how to clearly communicate roles and responsibilities. Great course for someone that has children and work to give a chance to better there selves professionally. Thank you.
Great course and I like the lecture videos as it helped to humanize some of the material and make it easy to grasp and remember.  There was a lot of great information with links to outside and external information to further your learning experience.
Its the most practical oriented study programs, i ever have studies in my life. I would suggest, that if you really want to polish your skills. Come here and learn through these well-know universities, experienced instructors and interactive forums.
Thanks to this cours, you will act more confidently in your business, you will use professionnal tools and knowledge. So you will bring security. This tool will change your life because you will do it your way but in a manner understood and shared.
This is a good approach on learning the PMBOK guide, gives you the perfect insight on how to stud the guide. Explained everything in an easy manner with good exposure by using different live examples. Easy way to achieve the PDU's for the PMP exam.
concise and clear way of teaching. Best regards to the UCI team for putting up this amazing and esaily understandable version. Its easier to read the guide now for details which would ot have been possibe without the video lessons & bonus sessions
Really great job of explaining concepts in detail and their relevance. This gave me a great idea of what project managers do and whether or not this was something I wanted to pursue. Also includes tips and suggested readings related to PMP/PMBOK.
Excellent course! The instructor is very knowledgeable and she exactly knew what she was teaching. I recommend students taking this course. The course has lot of helpful materials that will help you build a concrete Project Management foundation.
Very good course for a beginner.  I feel like I have a much better understanding of the role of a Project manager and a great overview of the phases and steps in the project management process.  I am now ready to dig deeper into this information.
Excellent course. Great professor. I especially loved the interview with the panelists. I loved the bonus videos because they were about personal experiences in project management, such as conflict between the project stakeholders. Great course.
I found a lot of the topics covered in this course helpful for Project Managers. Going forward I would like to see more case-studies involved. But to summarize, I would certainly recommend this course to professionals new to Project Management.
Great overview of the core initial basic principles of project management. Helpful in enabling decision making, to pursue project management in more depth; as well as providing useful concepts, techniques and methodologies to apply immediately.
Very good instruction and I really liked that I can start and stop everything on my schedule.  Also it helps when you miss something and you can just restart or go back to it.  I also liked the discussion at the end with the Project Managers.
The course was really initiative and it helped me in recolecting a lot of techniques and terms from my Business school. Hope there are more simillar courses that can improve your skills for carrer building and a lot more insights on reality.
Great coverage of the early phases of a project.  I'd like to see the content reference PMBOK for newbies, but this course does a nice job of developing awareness and understanding of the Initiating & Planning Phases of the Project ifecycle.
I have really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot from worthy instructor and grasp adequate knowledge to initiate project as well as planning process. The Panelists videos are amazing to get knowledge from the experienced project managers.
Its a great platform to study , to learn many new subjects , many new topics which is very useful for the Professional Career I Thank all the team members who provides such a useful and Grateful platform for all Professionals  and Students.
Excellent and thank you very much. really appreciate everyone for working hard and your time and attention.Education is for everybody and your organization has gone an extra mile to help everyone with the knowledge to make this world grate.
It is a very nice course to get an idea of Project Management and how to deal with the different situations that you could have to face on your day-to-day activities during the Project development. Very helpful and quite easy to understand.
Project management is usually associated with nervous activities and hard emotional states of participants but Margaret Meloni shows that it can be calm and smooth with excellent and clear explanations! It's amazing, she changed my mind!!!
Great place to learn the application of the theoretical concepts that are given in PMBOK. The bonus lecture were great and the expert interviews also gave an insight into the project management practices followed by top level executives.
I needed this course to more understand the work my organization deals with. now I have the knowledge i need to assist my manager in preparing and understanding the stakeholders, scope and human resources in planning our future projects.
It was a beautiful experience learning  and I enjoyed learning because I was able to gain alot about initiating and planning project with team members and communication skills in the office environment. thank you so much for this lesson
This course is a must try tour of insights in project management specially initiating and planning for all project managers, each lesson will deeply make you understand the importance of role and responsibilities of the project manager.
Very inspiring. I recently know how to planning project in detail with step-by-step. Previously I did some project management just go with the flow, without solid and rough planning. But, after this, I will do based on the lesson learn.
I feel much more knowledgeable about Project Management after taking this course. I've already used some of the lessons learned as I continue my job hunt. I plan to continue taking the courses in this series to earn the Specialization.
Am glad to have taken up this course, it has widened my understanding and more knowledge of carrying out a project, processes to follow , how to solve conflicts. I appreciate for this wonderful opportunity May you be blessed  Margaret.
This introductory course was amazing. It exceeded all my expectations about it. The course is developed for a smooth growth of knowledge through the weeks. The videos and the interactive material helps the student to learn more easily.
Fast moving course. Covered a lot of material quickly. I took this course as a refresher since I have managed a number of large projects in the past bit do not have a pmi certification. I learned some things! I glad I spent the time.
The course structure has been extremely flexible , allowing me to study at my convenience. It has also simplified the complexity of  studying  and understanding PM. This course has also greatly enhanced my career opportunities .
I think everyone who is interested in project management should have to take this course. Here you can learn how to tackle problems related to stakeholders and much more about planning and executing the project assigned to you.
This is a good course to learn project management with very detailed information and good explanation. I'd suggest to add more study case especially on risk management and "how to" create a good plan and execution of a project.
Am so happy that  my current project is propelled by the knowledge and skills of Project management acquired from UCI . Thanks a lot , it has really worked for me. Never will my projects hit dead end. Am sky rocking at moment.
This course is perfectly designed for the professionals in the field as well as for the fresher professionals. The concepts regarding the project management are easily taught in an easier and more user friendly wayBest wishes
Very well organized course. Not exactly what I was hoping to get into, but I'm glad I took it. I think I will be a better and more organized project manager, even if I am not applying these principles to such a specific task.
It is a very basic course. If you are a beginner thinking to take the course, do not get scared just start it. I understood the basics for project management through this course without any previous knowledge in this sector.
I had a lot of fun learning this course, Margaret made it especially easy, and the Panelist interview answered questions I often was confused about, and it also gave me the confidence about my approach to project management.
Enjoying this very much. It is directly applicable to my current line of work and I am finding ways to employ what I am learning on a daily basis. This is making me better at my job and I am happy to be part of this program.
The course was really elaborate and resourceful. I have already recommended my colleagues to do this course. I am planning to enroll myself into the next course of the Project Management - Budgeting and Scheduling Projects.
Very nice alternative to brick and mortar classrooms. Easy to keep up with the work and review what you have learned. I do recommend picking up the suggested text to aid you on your journey if you plan to take this course.
I really enjoyed the examples and the lectures, very easy to understand, even for non-english speakers. This course will be very helpful to get a masters degree in Project Administration here in Mexico City, so, thank you!
This is an excellent course for anyone seeking to study Project Management. It is  clear and comprehensive and affords you the opportunity to work at your own pace. I highly recommend this course to interested persons!!!!
I really grateful to complete this course, because today after all of this material that I've just finished, I know how important the theoretical of project management it is & how to implement all of that part in my work.
It's a really good course. The course gives detail information and knowledge about Initiating and Planning process in projects. As a recent master graduate, I was able to relate each and every step thought in the modules.
Very easy, well-organized, and straightforward course for anyone who is brand new to project management. If you already have experience in this field, this course will be too easy for you, but it is perfect for beginners.
Highly concise but practical oriented course. It has great resource diversity in order to make learning experience interesting. Presenter complementary as well as panelist wrap-up's videos were very useful and motivating.
Content is very well organized within flash presentation and video lectures that are complementary to one another and also interrelated. The step by step approach really helps students to go through its content smoothly.
Excellent course! It definitely provides a smooth way of introducing Project Management from a high-level and shot the big picture. I also like the use of situational exercises to confirm my understanding of the course.
This is one of the best comprehensive online course I have come across. Highly detailed with case studies to broaden one's knowledge. However, a timer should be set to the quiz questions to shape up takers of the quiz
Great introduction to the topic. I have been engaged with project management in practice but was missing the theoretical foundation to back me up. I've learned a lot and will surely use it in the future. Thumbs up ;)
A simple and well organised first of the course regarding project management. As a bachelor of Mechatronics Engineer and currently enrolled in engineering management Master program, it really helped me a lot. thanks.
I picked up important key points especially that I will have an interview for a project manager position in the coming days. Thank you for a very interesting, clear and concise course. Cant wait for the next stage.
I have widening my knowledge about project management and hope to exercise some of these skills learn from this course tp establish a better and a productive project. Thanks to the sponsors and tutor of this course
It is a great course to begin learning about project management and planning. The course structure was easy to follow and the powerpoint slides were particularly helpful in rehashing the points made in the videos.
Excellent course, well structured and presented. To get the total benefit of this course, I would recommend completing all courses in the Introduction to Project Management Principles and Practices Specialization.
The course flow is extremely good and the way the expert delivers the course material and information is great. I do recommend this course for those who really want to grow in the field of the project management.
The course is really amazing, including a lot of amazing informations to become a leader project manager. What I liked the most is the week 6 content including the sharing of expertise with some Project Managers.
This course is very interesting and the tutor Margaret Meloni is exceptional. She made it  a great experience. It didn't even feel like i was taking a course and doing my job at the same time. I loved it. Thanks.
I get more basic knowledge for starting job as Project manager and have the deep understanding about these concepts, process, example or situations and solutions may be I will catch in my projects in the future.
Although I took this course being a fairly experienced Project Manager, I learnt few new concepts.  I suggest this course for a beginner Project Manager as it covers the real basics needed for a Project Manager
I really enjoy this course, I know about the basics which help me in field,learnt tool and techniques which will be further helpful in related courses.I strongly recommended this course belonging from any field
Excellent overview and introduction to the material.  Found it very supportive of the reading and gave me a much greater understanding of the subject matter.  It was also presented in easily digestible pieces.
Very well structured and well thought out course. The videos were insightful as they provided real advise that is relatable to many different career fields. I would recommend this course and program to others.
Provide you with the first basic overview of how a project works academically, information is clear and easy to understand, the suggestion on reading materials is helpful. thank you for uploading this course!
I loved the tutor's way of teaching. The way she engage the audience/students is amazing. Even though the audience is virtual but the method is very effective. Looking forward to learn more courses from her.
Thisisreallverygood.GreatintroductionforbeginnersandrefresherforpractitionersThis course id very good. Its a great  introduction for beginners and a refresher for practitioners. Highly recommend it to others
Fantastic course, taught with the principle that can easily be applied in real life scenarios and the ease of doing project management vibe I got from this course. Thank you Margaret and UCI for this course.
Very well put together and engaging for budding project managers. Providing the key to the PMBOK was very helpful as I begin to navigate the process toward PMP and project management in a large organization.
the course is very simplified, which cover all the important requirements for initiating and managing the project successfully.  i have learned a lot which helped me a lot to manage my section successfully.
Amazing coursework and even better presentation skills ensured that I actually enjoyed learning the content. Will recommend to anyone who's interested in getting a grasp on the basics of Project Management.
Excellent. It shows in an understandable way the initiation and planning of projects, and the lessons integrate very nicely with the PMBOK. I love specially the way this course shows how to "read" the PMBOK
Even though I have the basic knowledge about Project Management, this course helped me to learn it in more details. I got to know all the needed steps of project preparation, which is very important for me.
It was very interesting course and quite informative and detailed coupled with interesting approaches to situations and real life examples. I couldn't help but complete the course much before the deadlines.
I have a lot to say but simply wanna pay thanks to this platform. It is great to have this kind of courses. Very well done everyone involved in order to launch this kind of stuff for the rest of the world.
I have actually been a lead in a project and have actually implemented most of these processes and they work but seeing them stated out will make me confident in future projects about the decisions I make.
It is an insightful, educative and worth every minutes and resources invested on the learning. It is indeed an eye opener because it will optimally improve the level and manner in which i manage projects.
This course was very helpful and informative . It gave me the extra push that I needed to continue my learning on this topic.  It covered every area needed to better understand projects and managing them.
All in all, the course if very beneficial. I really enjoyed it, especially the parts where I can find the content introduced in Storyline slides, in order to read about the parts that are a bit difficult.
Simply put this is a life lesson .lectures were interesting and easy to understand . The main lecturer Margaret Meloni did a great job . Her presentable approach helps to focus on the subject. Thankyou â¤
I adored this course. It was a breath of fresh air as far as topic and instructor go. The take-away from this course was sizable and I could apply all my learning the each day at work. LOVE LOVE LOVE it!
Excelent course! It gives you the principles of project management for the early phases, initianing and planning, it has very good dynamic and share examples, it's a good option if you're newbie in PM
I had finished the PMBOK 5th in the 2013,but I didn't know how to use the knowledge. This course helped  me to understand the konwledge more clearly and told me many bonus Methods to use in the work.
Thank you for such an informative course on initiating and planning projects. This course helped in identifying the project stakeholders and the work breakdown structures of the project in detail.
Excellent course, really easy to follow with a modern content and a very good schedule. It helps me to improve how to face new projects and having a better speech when persuading about planning.
It is a very informative course, it gives detailed information about what it takes to be a Project Manager. It helps you clarify if you are fit to have that role according to your own abilities.
I am having a past experience in the IT industry. Learning how my project manager worked made me feel more connected to the role and the responsibilities it comes with. Thank you for the course.
This course is extremely helpful to me as I begin to take on the role of Project Manager.  I plan on coming back to this course as I move through my assignment and using it to help me do my job.
I find this course really helpful, I recommend this to those who are new to project management or would like to start a project. This course will teach and prepare you for your project success.
This course is really useful to know basics about what is going in a project, and i really liked the professor and the contents, it really helped me to have an overview about planning projects.
This was my first online course and I was afraid I would have a difficult time navigating the course but it could not have been easier and I was able to focus on my tasks, lectures and reading.
It's a good start for those who want to learn about Project Management. In my case I want to refresh my knowledge and maybe use the Certificate Version to get the chace to take the test as PMP.
This is a very well written, interactive course that provides a great foundation for Project Management learning. I highly recommend, with excellent case studies and all-encompassing quizzes.
Well, I enjoyed the course very much, it was really fantastic and the lecture was very simple to understand such  a complex subject Project Management Initialization and Planning. Thank you.
It was an awesome learning process for me, though it took longer, because of my environmental constraints, but the relief is hugely satisfying, because the first step was the most important.
Absolutely loved this course! It was so easy to navigate on the website and the instructor had many modules and learning exercises that were very helpful. Will take the rest of the courses!!
It was my pleasure learning from University of California, Irvine.And it was good platform for learning Intiating and Planning Projects,And it's as simpler as learning through any platform..
I'm very glad I took this course! It actually helped me organise the project I manage better and it gave the tools to have a better perspective on the approach. Surely a good recommendation!
Excellent and very practical courses. The examples/questions from the real life gave a me a crutial understanding of the course, especially the penalist session at the end, was of much use.
This course was not only organized really great with rich, various and quality content/slides, but also  apply materials as well as useful links. They helped me to learn alot week by week.
The course structure is very helpful to learning. You don't feel rushed to learn the material. Also, the quizzes after each lesson really helps. I'm really enjoying taking the his course.
This course gives you the basic idea about iniation and planning of project. It has all the jargons and terminologies necessary to understand and present the project iniation and planning
Very helpful for beginners in project management. Concepts are introduced gradually and with relevant examples. The videos also make the learning process and content much more friendlier.
Very insightful. Liked the different types of learning resources and I've definitely come away with a better understanding of project management and what it takes to be a project manager.
Nicely presented, very practical. Definitely recommend to those starting their project management careers as well as those who learned by do and need more technical insight on the matter.
It is really a great start for the program managers to learn the simple and effective techniques to improve the efficiency and performance of individual contribution and the overall proje
Really, initially, I learned many things about project planning and initiating. It will help greatly in my office work. Thanks, COURSERA for managing and offering us such an opportunity.
It was a great course. It helped me in deeply understanding the stakeholder management along with other necessary aspects which are to be considered at the initial stages of the project.
The Course introduces you to the world of Project Management right from the start and helps you to know and gain the know how as to how you should act in the role of an Project Manager.
This course is very informative. I recommend this to people who want to learn basic Initiating and Planning and start developing your self as a good Project Manager. Job well done here.
This course can be applied to your personal life and you will immediately see improvements in your planning and logic when you take the time to use those tools learned from this course.
Great content, specially the inclusion of chapter/lesson excerpts from PMBOK guide. The flash lesson modules also make it easy to grasp the content. Overall a great learning experience.
Great content and presentation skills from Margaret. Each topic is succinctly presented without losing details, yet stimulating the learners interest. Your teaching skills are evident!
The programme was very structured and was easy to understand and capture all the main point of managing projects. Glad that i took up this course and now i have a better understanding.
I am very happy to learn initiating  and Planing projects this help for me to learn define the role n responsibillities of the project manager,  Project  planning and exhibit the plan.
I'd like First to Thank your respected Team that allow For World Those Useful Materials ,it Was an Believable experience and self investment >>wish to be PMP Certified by ur efforts ..
This is a very beneficial course with its prolific videos, reading materials and highly-prepared quizzes. I totally recommend those who are working with or want to engage in projects.
Having worked in a project environment, this course helped add to my working knowledge by discussing methods and concepts that are helpful to anyone working in a project environment.
An excellent course for wanna be project managers and existing managers to know deep insights about what factors to consider while initiating and planning projects across all fields.
This course gave me an overall image of the realm of project management. The lessons were very clear and they provided very good examples which helped me understand all the concepts.
i like this course to much, it  make me happy to study new things and i believe can use the knowledge to improve my working in organization and orientation to plan to make a project
THIS SPECIALIZATION AND THE COURSES OFFERED HERE FROM UCI, From University of California, Irvine division of Continuing Education ARE BEST AND WILL ADD CREDITS TO CAREER DEVELOPMENT
I have thoroughly enjoyed the learning from this course. Although I have been engaged in the Project Management profession since last 10 years even then have learnt many new things.
Very informative Introduction to Project Management course.  Love the various ways the information is presented and the flexibility the course allows you to learn at your own pace.
I liked the course. It is a beginner course therefore for me it was a bit of a review or more formalizing of knowledge I had. But good for beginners to get into project management.
Awesome course! Perfect for those who are just beginning to dip their feet into Project Management. Very clear, plenty of resources for one to understand the lectures and content.
I loved the way the learning is organized. Video -  Study material - Real time case examples. I think that reinforced the learning well. Looking forward to doing all the courses.
If anyone out here wants to lead a project or aspire to become a project manager, this course will help you to get there. Excellent teaching, good case studies and fine material.
I have been working as PM for 2 years and this course helped me learn new and concrete ways to develop my skills within the field. Very complete information and useful exercises.
This is best course for those candidate who interested in PMP. This is basic course for planning every  project.  Also very helpful for managers, engineers, project managers etc.
This course armed the amateur manager I was, with the solid
foundation that the professional project manager I am becoming really needed in
order to start thriving in his career.
This is a great class for any manager or team leader, whether or not you officially want to get your PMP certification. You will learn a lot, and it's a very manageable workload!
This course is really precise and on point using real projects for examples and interviewing panelists really makes it easy and inspiring for one to finish and enjoy the course.
Well-organized and presented course material.  I started a similar course at a competing MOOC and quickly became frustrated.  This program, though, was definitely worth my time.
Great course! Very easy to follow. It covers more then initiating and planning. You will learn about stakeholders, artifacts and touch upon all the areas in project management.
Great course, great methodology and great teacher, it's all I have to say. It's easy for you to learn and to visualize where to apply in real life the knowledges acquired here.
Good content of course and explained in interesting ways through Video and Reading options. Enjoyed course and quizzes while learning some skills of Project management. Thanks
This is a great course that describes in detail the first steps in project management.  It mixes videos, reading and interactive content that helps you stay engaged and learn.
Great beginning to the topic of project management.  Also a great indicator for me that this is a very good fit for my skills and career experience so far.  Let's keep going!
Ms. Meloni explains everything with exceptional clarity and is really capable of engaging the audience. The interactive lessons give precious insights on the various topics.
Nicely packaged course with videos and panel discussions, it felt like it was an interactive classroom training. It touch based on all importance aspect of project planning.
I never satisfied by any course like I did by coursera. It's really amazing. After dealing with coursera,  I do believe on my self, I'll never say no to any project dealing.
Although my first motive taking this course to study for PMP exam, but I also find it very useful and practical for what I do at work everyday. I am glad I took this course!
This has been made so easy to study with the video explanations and the reading material really helps as it is put in a manner that is easily understandable... Great Work!!
This is a great course handled by great minds anchored by  universally recognised institution of respectable standards(University of Califonia Irvine Extension.I give kudos
Very insightful for new project managers. The assignments can be more challenging, like, if we can get more assignments on case studies that will be helpful. Thank you! :)
I loved it. I loved the panel discussion at the end. I loved the additional resources which does not have to include the textbooks. The Pacing per module was good as well.
Great explanation of initiating and planning project. This course taught me four knowledge areas out of total 10 in the PMBOK. Love it and worth to participant this course
The technical terms were simplified and the course was rather engaging. I look forward to taking the other courses in this specialisation. Taking this course was worth it.
This course provided a very good introduction to project management. As someone with know prior theoretical knowledge in this field I was able to follow along quite well.
Great course, it was a great way to learn about the project management, and it is a good way of approaching to another university and to share the knowledge with others.
Well structured and very well organized course. There could have been more case studies but overall it's a must do course for anyone who aspires to be a project manager.
The Course was very helpful! It was a quick overview to the main headlines, after going through it i discovered that i have so much more to learn in Project Management.
This course really got me going in the right direction. Thanks to everyone who made this course available, and realistic for an imaginative & inquisitive heart as mine.
Actually, I am new to project management. After attending this course it starts to give the shape of an overview of the project. I cannot wait to start the next session
Really a good lesson ,Exercise & videos helped me to understand and learn quickly & clearly. Thanks for providing a great course. Really it ill be helpful for my career
This lesson is more interesting to take it and it is an important lesson for the people who needs to run  different projects as its content teach you all key concepts.
Very interesting and useful!!!Thank you very much to the teacher, Margaret Meloni; the UCI and Coursera for creating it and allowing me to do it.Thank you very much!!!
I thought the course provided a great overview of the PMBOK Guide and project management principles. Having a professor make sense of the PMBOK with you is invaluable.
My name is Abdirahman Ahmed Ali Maansoore iam Somalilander. I have completed the project management and I am so  happy that  facilitated  coursera platform,thank you.
Easy to understand and very simple way of introducing project management concepts. Case studies are awesome as well. There could be more like 2 case studies per week.
That course initiating and planning project is very helpful course for management study that's course is very use full . And teaching class is very good and helpfully
This course was so enlightening in the area of how to manage projects. I feel so equipped and ready to implement what I have learnt so far. Thank you for this course.
Amazing teacher, her videos made me hypnotized and double motivated. General Course Structure is also interesting and interactive. I sincerely recommend this course.
It was a great experience indeed to complete this course.This course was very helpful for me as I was always enthusiastic about managent and business related topics.
High fluidity lessons and a lot of content and advises, orientation, concepts compacted in a perfect way. High value knowledge for a manager or operational position.
Great course. It definitely was a little bit more challenging than the prior ones. The last video with the three Project Management professionals was really helpful!
A really helpful and informative course. They started from the basics cleared every important detail with their quizzes, video lectures, and reading material. 10/10
Amazing course and well explained with examples each topic. Concepts are clear and well explained  The trainer also share some valuable point to crack the interview
This course help us to understand various types of Organizational structure, what is stakeholder and how to deal with conflict. These is very knowledgeable foe me.
A great and comprehensive view at the fundamentals of Initiating and Planning Projects, following (and introducing) the PMI's Project Management Body of Knowledge.
This class has shown me why I made the mistakes I made when taking on projects.  I have had a lot of great projects, but these tactics would have made them great.
it is hard to find words to express my gratitude , thank you a lot for being involved in this very useful course and it would be a pleasure to complete the series
This class actually helped me with my current projects and helped me realize why other projects took so long to complete. Planning is more crucial than we think..
I've learned so much in this course. I strongly recommend for all that intend to work in this area. Thank you so much for everyone that made this course possible.
This course delivers primary knowledge that is essential for developing project careers. It also provide useful tips that might be implemented on everyday habits.
Very nice experience of knowledge gained and good practice of remembering the huge amount of theory part. Look forward to further courses for the specialization.
The course was amazing. This short period has given me the opportunity to meet Gannt Excel and my company is excited that I have been able to learn that. Thanks.
Excellent course qualify the learner to know every detail of initiating and planing of project management The right start is planing well lead to project success
Great course! Very clear instruction with excellent visual aids and real-life case studies that helped me apply the concepts of initiating and planning projects.
This course had a great way of learning the bases of project management. The course focuses not only the terms and definations but also has good examples of each
It was easy to learn all the concepts the way Margaret explains them, then reading the slides and the books, doing the case study and re-enforcing with the quiz.
This course gives comprehensive understanding of the concept of project planning, I do recommend to start with it if you are planning to complete specialization.
The knowledge which leturer provided is very useful and practical. I really like the way this course is designed, so easy to watch and understand. Thank so much!
It's an excellent course for the beginners to know how to manage a project within very short time and in a well organized way. Thank to the Team of this course.
It gives me knowledge about project management, about stakeholders analysis & how I lead smaller as well as bigger project . Great course and compact syllabus.
A very well laid out and presented course. Enjoyed every moment of study and gained really valuable knowledge and insight into project initiation and planning.
Thank you very much for all coursera has done for learners! this course has been an amazing experience so far, I'm looking forward to fishing the others steps!
this course is very interesting and helps one to understand the PMBOK body of knowledge better, it also instrumental for future project managers in the future
I highly recommend this course. It gave me a stable foundation of knowledge that I believe I can confidently tackle the next module in this series of courses.
Course really helped me to understand basics and main points of initiating and planning projects. Course was very informative, as well as easy to understand.
It is very complete, but at the same time concise. It summarizes the concepts in a friendly way, and gives a general overview of what project management is.
A fantastic place to start learning about project management. Not only that, it gives you an interesting and mind-opening view on how to approach any task.
This was a great class and I highly recommend it. It helped me sharpen my abilities and direct it in a way to complete future projects in a timely manner.
It's a very good course for someone in the engineering field where he or she has to deal with handling projects that might involve different stakeholders.
Information is very well presented. Provides a sound introduction to the topic without weighing down the student by attempting to be overly comprehensive.
It was very nicely organized. Also, the professional panel in week 6 was very helpful especially for someone that has no experience in project management.
Great introduction to the basics. I applied a lot of what was brought up here to the current project I'm leading. I wish I had started this class earlier!
I'm a full-time employee and new mom. The flexible format and ability to retake any quiz, was key to my ability to take and successfully pass this course.
This course have everything that basic course about project management  should have, with strong basics of first steps - Initialing and Planning Projects.
It was really help full course for me to understand Project Management Concepts and scope of it. Study material and videos has helped  me to clear my dou
very good introduction to a course that should be taught in elementary school...and not wait until college level for giving students this great material.
This is the best way to achieve my dreams , without this course it would be too hard to get an opportunity to be an project engineer.  Thank you so much.
Very well guided. One finishes with the feeling of learning a lot. Margaret  Meloni is a sensational instructor. Can't wait to finish this whole course.
Very beneficial course for beginners. Language is easy to understand and it's a fun course to take. It's also a great introduction for PM for beginners.
My favorite was the panelist discussions. Its leverage knowledge with practical experience from elites in the field with expertise in project management
The course was really informative. I'd like to take Margaret Meloni for sharing her expertise right across the globe. Best of luck from the Philippines
It's a great course! It has interesting lectures that are both informative and fun to watch. Margaret Meloni is a great lecturer. Warm and interesting.
Thank you very much for this training, I have the tools now for project management. It was a great and rich experience. Kind regards, Ahmed Atef Oussii
This is a great first course for anyone new to the field of project management or as a refresher for those getting ready to take the PMP certification.
Great course.  Really enjoy the pace of the lessons and videos provided!  Supplemental reading suggestions are added good reinforcement to the lessons.
It is a wonderful course that is explained in a simple and smooth way, in a fun style, and very suitable for non-English speakers .... i love it's way
I'm an electrical engineer and I'm glad to have learn the principles and practices of project management and I look forward to learning more of these.
Mrs. Margaret Meloni's explanations makes it simple and helps understand project management concepts. I recommend for newcomers in project management.
got a basic understanding about project management and I think it will help me in my future study. Can't help to continuing the next series of courses
It was a positive experience and it gave me a more worldly view of project management outside of construction and criminal justice and security work.
This course gave me an overall ideai of how to start the project, what is important on each stage of the project and what canÂ´t be missed. Thank you!
Neatly arranged lectures, points clarification is given step by step, very much thankful for the tutors for knowledge enhancing lessons and lectures.
A very good introductory course. Lectures and readings are very useful. I just wish these lectures were a bit more elaborate and slightly expansive.
Great overview to the project planning discipline and the PMBOK resource. Engaging lectures and good suggestions for practical use in the workplace.
it is justmore than good, learnt alot of new and benificial things regarding planning of the projects. thanks team coursera and hamdard university.
Learned a lot from this course. I actually can relate many things from this course with my job as a project manager and how I can do things better.
thankfully to coursera and my campus. you have to complete this course, it will be so helpful if you want to know about how project manager works.
Great learning from this course I have learned a lot of things about the project, how to initiate a project. Best Online Platform for the students
great tutor! clear and straight to the point. Appreciate simple and easy to understand examples in the course videos and in "additional materials"
Very well structured and easy to comprehend. I am happy that Coursera could help in realising my wish to enhance my skill and knwoledge. Thank You
A great introduction not only to this topic in general, but to the Coursera platform. Really appreciate everyone involved in making this possible.
Very very good this course and amazing lecturers and I am very to be part of this wonderful people that have completed this course. thank you all.
Great course to know about the basics of project management planning and to learn the basic terminologies used in the project management field....
Loved it...one of the best project management courses ever. It so easy of follow this course and understand the structure of the PMBOK. Thank you.
This course delved deeply into the topic with very basic knowledge which helps us to understand it easily. You would certainly enjoy this course.
It has been very helpful for understanding PMP. I would like to say thank you to Mrs.Margaret Meloni. She explained everything in easiest way,  .
An exceptionally well curated course. Flawless delivery by the instructors. This course helped me a lot in enhancing my knowledge. Thanks to all.
Mrs. Meloni is well spoken and concise. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is looking to further their knowledge of project Management.
It's a course that has the correct and concrete information, Margaret is an excellent teacher, i love her examples and her ability for teaching.
good course who are project manager already or want to pursue career in the same field. It will give you fundamental idea of project management.
I definitely loved this course! Very informative and learned a lot as well! They got straight to the key points and didn't beat around the bush.
Easy to follow and super straight forward. I loved that it was interactive and that there were both presentation videos and slides to follow up!
Extremely satisfied with the course. Great material, everything can be applied almost right away to a real life project. Definitely recommended.
This lesson was so helpful and useful, I have learned different skills on project planning and management which I will really use in my career.
Very useful knowledge enhance my working task. The content is delivered well with suitable material. Great experiences for me to develop myself
One of the best courses I have ever been part of. I would highly recommend this course to people. I have learned a lot of skills and knowledge.
Perfect way to start learning about Project Management.  I would suggest buying the PMBOK if you want to really understand the subject matter.
This course is excellent and I got planning & team management skills. How to plan a project and how to  make it successful by proper planning.
Even though it focuses in business but I can still use this course in my field of work which is teaching. Thank you so much for the knowledge.
After quizes, I would like to see correct answers regarding my wrong response. I hope it provides additional explanation with correct answers.
Great course to get the basic of Initiating and Planning a Project, also really helpful to get familiar with the terms that they use on PMBOK.
This is the Wonderful course for the Begining of Project Management Professional Course. The Presentation and Objectives are clearly explained
This is a fantastic course to give you an understanding of Initiation of Projects and can help you in becoming  a successful project manager.
If you don't know where to start when you want to learn project management: this is it! Very helpful course and the beginning of many for me.
it was a good learning curve . i managed to learn a lot of thing i dad not known before about project management and am glad i took this up.
This is an extremely beneficial course and the key concepts have been clearly explained in an extremely simple user understandable language.
I found the course really enjoyable, easy to understand and follow.  I would recommend it to anyone as it's informative and well structured.
The material was self explanatory and easy to understand. References where provided and this helped me gain a wider knowledge of the course.
This course is very useful as it provides a brief description on initiating projects as a project manager and ways to overcome difficulties
The best thing about this course is that the lecture videos are designed in such a manner that they are easy to understand and comprehend.
Simple and objetive course, perfectly useful to review some of the principals project's elements and see how they are applied on practice.
Great course. Margaret is amazing, everything is clear. She shares a lot of her experience and very useful examples of project management!
ITS TOO HARD AND LITTLE LONG BUT VERY USEFULLY FOR CAREER. THANK YOU VERY MUCH COURSERA GIVING ME THIS TYPE OF OPPORTUNITY. KEEP IT UP....
the course was so interesting, i have learned so much and discovered new technics that i will use in the future for sure . I recommend it
Excellent content and easy to understand. General logic explain very nicely. Also questions are based on general  daily office scenarios.
It was an exciting and educative course. Exposed my flaws to me but showed me better ways to initiate and plan my projects going forward.
This course set a great pace as an introduction to project management.  I look forward to the rest of the courses in the specialization.
Very insightful. Especially while answering the questions in the assessment section, the entire understanding and knowledge is assessed.
I wish there would be more content in depth. This is more like a introductory couse for anyone who hasnt been in project managing field.
Perfect introduction to project management with the basic skills you will need to be successful at sponsoring and championing a project.
Dear Mrs. Meloni, thank you for your course. It was very useful, I appreciated a lot all your bonus videos! It was very well structured.
This course is really helpful and I recommend all of if you are interested in project managing then u should study this course.thankyou
It is a really very good course. The information  is delivered in a very soothing manner. I must recommend everyone to join this course
Great intro to project management. Easy to understand, panelist interview was relevant and really brought everything together. Thanks!!
I have learnt a lot about project management especially from the panel interviews with the project managers from various organisations
A very detailed course that allowed me to study with my ever busy schedule. Definitely recommend it for all upcoming project managers!
The course is good for a beginners and also for more advanced people. Everything is explained in simply way with lots of useful hints.
This is a very good course that supplies really good short video lectures and course material for those who are starting from scratch.
This program was quite informative; glad to have been a part of this
experience. I look forward to furthering the PMPÂ® Certification.
Very helpful course, especially for those interested in learning about project management and taking it up as a future career option.
Very interesting and valuable course to follow. Good lecture sessions as well as the reading sessions are well organized. Cheers!!!!!
Thank you Coursera for this opportunity.  have definitely learned a lot  and it will be very helpful for me professionally in future.
An excellent introductory course! Easy to follow content yet very informative.  The trick is to understand how the PMBOK is laid out.
This course starts with everything needed to understand project initiation and planning,its well written and has a strong  structure.
A great course and solid foundation that will bring you up-to-date with all aspects involved with being a successful Project Manager.
hey i finished this course but a certificate was never send to me , is there a certificate i should get after graduating the course ?
A fantastic introduction course. It left me craving more, which I think might be the most important quality in an intro-level course.
I really loved thsi course as I had no back ground in Project Management and this course helped me to  learn it in such an easy wayâ€‹.
This courses very recommended by everyone which on track of project management because this courses brings as from the basic concept
The course is very interesting and I have enjoyed the deep explanationI wish that the optional reading document should be available
This program will help you to develop Project Management skills and taught you how to implement tools and techniques at which time.
It has given me more knowledge and material of Project Management. Mainly Introduction to Project Management Principles & Practices
I finally got the opportunity to hear from seasoned PMs about the work we do. We're rare breeds, and not everyone's cut out for it.
For those who cant take courses personally from the college, this online platform is the best for them to continue their education.
Great overall experience. The course was very interesting and the content depth was just perfect. Margaret Meloni did a great job.
Great course that has given me the tools needed to kick-start my career in Project Management. Thank you Margaret, thank you team!
I love it! I was able to learn a lot of new topics, and how to start Planning projects to keep the aim of my project at all times.
I really enjoyed the course with Dr. Margaret Meloni, she is a great Teacher. I hope to meet her in person sometime in the future.
Excellent opportunity to start your new career path and attain required information and knowledge in a very short period of time!
Great Course! Perfect for a beginner in PM. The course flows with a good rhythm and is clear in the lectures contents and quizzes
I've really enjoy doing this courser here. It is so easy to understand, everything is broken down and taught to my understanding.
The course is very helpfull and it is structured in a way that makes it possible to walk away and pick up again without problems.
The course is very straight forward and easy to understand as well as informative in introducing the steps to project management.
This is the course that I have been waiting for to be offered here in Coursera! Thanks for offering this! Regards and more power!
this course is the best course for beginners like me it has given me a solid base about project and project management in general
The course has a cleary information, practice activities are useful. I think this course isnecesary to improve our leader skills
very good material for a beginner. the framework of PM and key factors are easy to understand. the case studies are interesting.
The reading materials are so helpful and the quizzes are a great tool to help us remember all the important information. Thanks!
It was greeting attempting this wonderful course and Iâ€™m highly confident of any project management that come my way now. Thanks
Great course, informative intro to project management theory and principles. I would recommend taking detailed notes throughout.
I loved the instructor and the material shared within this course! I will be recommending this course to friends and colleagues.
A really great introduction to Initiating and Planning Projects. The bonus videos and panelist discussion was icing on the cake.
I thoroughly enjoyed doing this course. I have learned a lot about how a project has to be taken care of in the initial stages.
As a first approach to formal PM education is very precise and has pretty useful information when you start managing a project.
This is a relatively short, to-the-point summary of the main project management tasks and challenges.I absolutely recommend it.
Just The right course to get a systematic and quick overview of Project Management.For everyone who is involved with Projects.
It is really a great course for initiating a plan and then executing it with a proper plan and guidelines. I love this course.
Great course, definitely recommend getting the recommend books! Videos are short enough to keep engaged, but very informative.
Very useful in understanding how to start a project and the particular steps to take to make the process smoother. Thank you.
this course as been helpful .. Helping me to gain full knowledge in what management  entails and how planning a project works
Although I have quite a bit of experience in project management, I have learnt quite a lost of useful tips doing this course.
Dear Ms Melonithanks for teaching course so well, thoroughly learned the key aspects of project planning.thanks a lot regards
It is good for me to learn something new because we should always improve ourselves to gain better achievement in the future
it is an excellent platform for students to improve their soft skills and Technical knowledge enhancement Thanks you so much
Very precise, apt and to the point. Short and informative presentations. Lecturer explains the content perfectly. Thank you.
Amazing course. I learned a lot from it. However, I was a little disappointed in the final. All the questions were repeated.
It is a good course,enjoyed well and absorbed new ideas on planning of a projects. Thanks Coursera and UCI and faculties....
The course gives the brief details about Planning tools & PMBOK guide, helpful in  developing the project managerial skills.
This course covered essentially what a project manager needs to know as a beginner coupled with reliable resource materials.
A very interesting and essential topic for new managers, gives a lot of guidance how to look at the things in planning phase
Excellent Course. I did not want to take a break from learning and did this course in less than the required/suggested time.
Very enjoyble course, you can learn the basics about the subject. Mrs. Meloni's presentations are informative and well done.
Very useful and practical course. I learn a lot that is relevant to my work and i can apply immediately. Highly recommended.
amazing course , i didn't expect the amount of information i would be getting but wow thank you so much for the opportunity
It was a great learning experience for me personally as it was my first MOOC course and I am looking forward to learn more.
excellent journey on coursera i appreciate efforts of coursera team , to give us wonderful knowledge with  full of examples
Clear and comprehensive content. Looking forward to complete the rest of the courses and earn a specialization certificate.
Thanks a lot for this amazing course, i learned more information to be project manger and hope to continue this way. Thanks
this is an awesome course. not so lengthy yet filled with enough details. i love the quizzes, makes the course challenging.
A lot of information in this course but a good structure to get the information into "makes sense now" after weekly review.
This instructor is one of the best!  I have learned more in her online courses than any in-class instruction.  Thanks much.
Great course, really informative, good balane of time over information. My only thing is I wish I had done it years ago!!!
Overall I liked the course a lot. It was a nice mixture of course materials combined with real life stories. Thanks a lot!
Learned so much.  Once I find a position, I can really honed in on my learning and apply to projects I may have to manage.
The course was short and simple to understand, I used this to affirm and strengthen my understanding of Project Management
Very good courses, it is practical and clear. Everyone should have taking a such courses, because it is in every day life.
The lectures were very informative and enhanced my ideas on project management. Thank you very much for this opportunity.
It was an very useful and intresting to do this course with you.And i have enjoyed so much to learn this course with you.
Excellent top level teaching techniques towards mastering the basics fundamentals of project management. Fully recommend!
It was very supportive education part for one who wants project management carrier.For the beginners it must be achieved.
This course prepares you for what to expect before jumping into a new direction. It's well laid out and easy to navigate.
The instructor is really good at explaining the concepts. I like the interview with the projects. It's worth learning it.
An excellent introduction with material, such as the stakeholder register, that helped me with my own project right away.
Nice to meet great people who lead project management in larger companies. Today I feel like can lead as Project Manager
This course was tremendously useful. I encourage all in the PM field to use. Thanks Margaret for such a thorough course.
A good course to introduce you to the planning and execution of projects. Easy to follow and doesn't take too much time.
Great way to have an insight of what a project manager does and how it needs to be done. It's process, process, process.
The course is very helpful. A confidence booster. I loved the video lectures! Going to sign up for the next one as well.
It's been awesome learning through this medium , i must say the mode of delivery was excellent. Thanks so much Coursera.
The course gave me an understanding of how to view everything in life as a project and how to plan towards achieving it
You need to focus on reading content and do some Research on PMBOK. Nice course with overall management topic coverage.
The online course was really helpful . it helped new ways to solve problems that come across while working on project .
It was detailed and was straight to point. Illustrated with numerous examples helped expedite in the learning progress.
Amazing instructor, clear concise layout, and amazing content throughout! I look forward to more courses like this one!
The lectures are very good and informative. I feel I will be a better project manager after completing the full course.
This course presents an organized and well presented overview of the principale and requirements of project management.
This course is an excellent course. I believe that anyone who is interested in becoming a manager can benefit from it.
Thank you for providing these helpful lessons for us. These lessons are in an understanding manner. Thank you Coursera
I like the case study which helps the learner to think practically and I feel the quiz should be held a bit more hard.
More case studies and interactions with industry professionals will definitely will be a great addition to the course.
It was satisfactory to sort out the concepts so that I could understand them and keep showing the reference materials.
i am very comfortable with the course, let us say thank you to everyone supported the course. am242@students.kiron.ngo
Great course. Pay close attention to the written materials delivered, they are the basis of all quizzes and the exams.
Great introduction to project management terminology and processes! Looking forward to the rest of the specialization.
Very good course, a great opportunity to begin in project management area or to improve the knowledge about the field.
I really enjoyed it.  It is very flexible (time wise) and the teacher has a lot of experience that she shares with us.
these were really helpful. full of insights. very knowledgeable. easy to understand. im really happy with this course
The course was very engaging and as someone who has been in an Organization that conducted projects, I learned a lot.
Although I think this project needs more practices than theories, the scope manage part really give me useful advice.
This course helped develop the understanding about the processes of managing the projects effectively and efficiently
The way the course materials are prepared and the course was given helped me understand the course relatively easily.
Instructor was phenomenal. Great distribution on topics ... made it comfortable to continue my learning and progress.
Excellent opportunity for me taking this course, it brings a lot of knowledge and motivation for continue learning PM
Best course and easy language. Very easy explanation, however will be happy to have tough situations in quiz section.
What a very helpful course for those who want to learn more to be an effective part of a project!!! Sincere Thanks!!
This Course help to gain knowledge about project management and how to apply those in work life.But need to specific
The course is really good and each and every point is explained with some task. so, the concept is fully understood.
So glad I took this course. The best to understand the importance of correct initiation of the project and planning!
An amazing and magnificent course to take to get to know the PMBOK Guide and how to be an effective Project Manager.
Concepts were laid out in a simple manner by the professor. Good course to get into the basics of project management
I am totally satisfied doing this course. I learnt many new things from this course and they taught it very simply.
Really interesting, resources are plentyfull and lessons seem to tackle topics directly and do not diverge from it.
This is a very fascinating way to learn and improve one's learning, The approach to the leaning is a very good one.
I really loved the structure.  One brief (and easy to follow) lecture and a readable lesson.  Instructor was great.
This course is amazing. The course is very informative and i love that it allows me to do this on my own time/pace.
it is best pathway to learn about how to deal with different projects .Every manager must do this for better result
that was really useful course for joiner leadership that improves there skills to controll and initiate a project.
An excellent course; I highly recommend it. This course gives a great overview on initiating and planing projects.
It's a good start for anyone wants to study Project Management. I learned a lot. Thank you, Prof. Margaret  Meloni
Excellent course! I learned a lot from Margaret, the lectures and the presentations were clear and easy to follow.
It is been a very great attempt. I have learned so much during this course. I must continue. Thank you very much.
It is very informative for project managers in dealing with every problems that will occur in every work offices.
Amazing Time with with course, I was always happy to come online to learn from this platform.. Thank you Coursera
The course is wonderfully designed and I love the way the professor explained the concepts clearly and precisely.
Great introduction to initiating and planning projects! I enjoyed the videos and additional readings/powerpoints.
It was extremely helpful learning different aspects to be undertaken or should be considered by a project manager
Nicely framed course! It has a good level of introduction to Project Management for entry-level project managers.
I got to know how to do project smoothly and also i know how to handle the conflicts arises during the project .
very good material for learning, specially videos. It helped me a lot.I recommend this course for the beginners.
Good course, flexibly and have learnt a lot in short period of time. I will apply what i learnt to the workplace
I have changed a lot of concepts about PMP and , gain planning skill, and learn the basics in project management
Very interesting and engaging course, especially if you do not have any previous insights of project management.
It's very helpful lesson even for a experienced project manager to re-frame what I learned before by experinece.
I really enjoyed this course, I've learned a lot and I will continue with the rest of the specialisation course!
Amazing Course for you who wants to be a master in Project or Construction Management! Thanks for the Nice Share
I found the course very informative, clear and practicable. Special thanks for the real life cases and examples.
very insightful. making clear the principles that have been applied in several projects i have played a part in.
Excellent introduction to Project Management, informative videos ,easy to read material and not time consuming.
The instructor is a real well-informed person, she made an undeniable effect on learning this course, thank you
This is a very good way to know what Project Management its about, all the information is vey clear and useful.
I find it beneficial as a junior project manager where this course introduces the basics of project management
Quick and straightforward guide to project management. It was a fun course, with the right amount of duration.
Highly Recommended for people looking to learn the basics of project management before going for the PMP exam.
great instructors! I gained on a lot of knowledge and will start implementing it immediately in my daily life!
Excelent material, presentation and working flow..... Thank you very much for an excelent convey of knowledge.
This course was a great introduction into Project Management. Especially for someone with no prior experience.
An excellent starter course in Project Management. Great for someone starting up in a project management role.
Very illustrative and interactive. All my initial doubts were cleared once I saw the rich content. Great job!
Thanks for this amazing course, which is practical and intesting, I really liked a lot the panelist interview
It's one of the best courses to apply and study, especially it relates to all angles of our daily activities.
Very informative about managing project scope, people matrix and dissolve conflict during project management.
Great course that was easy to follow, and with actionable steps on how to initiate projects. Would recommend!
Interactive flash slides during the reading sections kept me engaged and this for sure is a fun way to learn!
I've learned so much through this course and it came in just handly for I am currently planning a TEDx event.
Thank you for the opportunity to expand my knowledge base and understanding while being extremely affordable.
The course is well structured and easy to understand. Specific sections of PMBOK helps in additional reading.
Great course - thank you for taking the time to make these courses.. It has helped me advance my working life
Thank you for the course. It helped me to achieve my project goals and changed project management vocabulary.
It was very useful and informative! I understood everything even if I'm not English-native speaker.Thank you!
Excellent course, well presented and easy to understand and follow! Very recommended as Introduction into PM!
Very good way to reinforce knowledge and remember the best practices and techniques for success of projects.
Great overview of the initiation and planning of projects, nicely explained and self-study lessons are good.
As a Civil Engineering Student it was very helpful for me to gain so much of knowledge from this, Thank You.
Thanks to Marget Meloni , she has clear explanations and instances ! It was a delight to follow this course!
The course works if you have started reading the PMBOK. The lectures makes much more sense when you do that.
Excellent course for those ones who want to gain knowlege in project management based on the PMI literature!
Great Course to begin with for Project Management. Very detailed and good examples for better understanding.
Loved this course. Really helped clarify some things for me and nonetheless get excited for what lies ahead.
Amazing intro, i must say as a former Pr mger this has bring up some really usefull advices and great basis.
Excellent .... to start and project planning and if you want to start the project management specialization.
This course helped me to view a project in a detailed fashion and also a clear view regarding stake holders
This Course is very much helpful to make me understand the fundamental and  principles of planning projects
Well structured and designed course materials. Easy to understand the lectures and case studies are useful.
Nice and informative theoretical course, not very difficult, just general and important information for PM.
Great Course easy to comprehend. Instructor speaks mildly slow and clear loved watching her video lectures.
I decided to launch a career in PM. this course exposed me to myriads of knowledge and boosted my interest.
Found it easy to follow and understand. Was impressed by the inclusion of experienced panelists at the end.
Course is very well explained and helps in understanding the process for initiation and planning a project.
I learned a lot of things about initiating and planning projects and how can I communicate with people â¤ðŸ˜Œ
This course gave me a detailed understanding of how the projects should be kicked off in an effective way.
Excellent Course, I learned more than what I expect, Excellent explanation from Margaret Melony , Thanks!!
Very clear and easy to understand course. It's been helping me a lot with my new job as a project manager.
Very informative!!! I am pleased with the presentation as well as the impersonal nature of the instructor.
Amazing course. I felt so happy for choosing this. Every part of the course was keen and neatly explained
Excellent course! Really explains how Project Management works, and the key features of Project Planning.
This is a very good course and I would advise anyone in the Project Management field to take this course.
Incredibly engaging and well constructed. I wish I could afford to take the other courses in this series.
I love it!  I am excited that it is an encouragement for me to enroll in and complete the specialization.
In Depth Learning for the beginners..excellent course .. thank you madam for providing us the guidance..
Very informative and i liked how information were given. i believe it will open new opportunities for me
it still needs more examples,illustration and an objectively approach rather than just giving thing away
I appreciated the narrative and explanations for each part of the PMBOK. It was very easy to understand.
Very good course. I would recommend to anyone who wants to learn the fundamentals of project management.
Excellent , I like the methodology, the material, videos and more. Thanks Coursera for the opportunity .
I found this course a really good introdution to the Project Management. I cannot wait for the next one.
The course is very good. The teachers have excellent teaching skills and the support material is great.
Awesome course, easy to understand, and the quizzes are extremely relevant to the course module itself.
Very amazing and strong course for self improving. A lot of thanks to organizers, lecturers and others,
The coverage of the course is quite comprehensive. I found the course really helpful. I'd recommend it.
It is great platform to learn , very nice study material , lessons and lecture are easy to understand .
This course was very simple yet it was able to teach me the basics very well. Thank you to the teachers
very very useful training ,Specially thanks for university of California and of course Margaret Meloni.
This course has really given me the edge I needEd, to converse with  Project Management Professionals.
the course is a very simple, general yet comprehensive that will put you in the first step of the way.
Excellent course for beginners! Gives a concise understanding and direction to pursue further learning
Very Good Information Available, Combination of Study Material and Videos makes it easy to understand.
Well constructed and paced. The speaker was clear and conveyed information in a way that I understood.
Great overview about planning projects! Much better and objective than many presential courses. Thanks
Quite simple but useful course, especially useful are the additional flash presentations.Thanks a lot!
This is good way to every one can build his/her career, thanks for been here almost nearly one month.
it is a very good course to planning and intiating projrct but is not satisfied we need more practice
ðŸ’•I thank all those responsible for making this certificate..I learned a lot..this thanks to Coursera
A very detailed and excellent program, I recommend highly to anyone interested in project management.
This course is incredible ! Very precise and gives one confidence to appreciate handling the projects
Great course with effective assessments. Very helpful to gain understanding of project management pro
Excellent course...a refresher for PM concepts, professionally delivered. Thank you UCI and Coursera.
I really liked the practical examples given by the instructor, Margaret Meloni, and the interviewees.
Good teaching practice of teachers. Content passed to students in a simple, clear and efficient way.
It's very good to get this course because you will know more by studying and listen to professionals
I cannot express the joy of learning a new thing. Project Management has become appealing to me now.
it  was an interesting course and has help me to understand how to manage any project in the future.
Good review of PMBOK and explanations about project management processes that were clear and useful.
Overall Awesome Experience !!!Explained in layman terms which perfect examples... Simply love it ...
This was a very informative course.  I would love to have access to the slides for future reference.
Great Course for beginners. Concepts are easily grasped and practically Applied. Thank you Coursera!
This was an excellent way to learn the basics of project management, clean, well-presented material.
easy to understand, touched on main points, had great examples, could use more interactive materials
This course contains everything about initiating and planning projects for brands project managers.
This course is very helpful especially for people who have minimal experience in project management
It was a great course, I have learnt a lot and developed myself in the field of project management.
It was a really good course and the final panelist discussion was short but the best in the course.
Great course! It has great real life scenarios and experiences on how to iniate and plan a project.
It is a pleasure to learn about Project Management with this great structure and format. Thank you!
Very interesting course. It overviews basic topics in PM such as: initiating and planning projects.
Very interesting course. A great way to initiate your project management skills set. (Pun intended)
This course is very helpful for understanding our roles and responsibility in the corporate world .
Really informative and easy to understand. A great way to introduce yourself to Project Management.
Very good, very informative, you have to think (understand the lesson) to pass the quiz or the exam
Great! Concise and useful course. Good introduction in Project Management. On the right way to PMP.
It was an amazing experience while learning this course.It helped me a lot to learn something new.
Very well explained about the topics covered. Perfectly OK for the beginner. Enjoyed Reading part.
Very brief and straight forward. Very good for someone who wants to become a project manager role.
Found the course interesting and useful since explanation was to the point and with best examples.
the course well described and help me to understand the basics of initiating the project plannings
Great course, however, more case studies would be beneficial for better understanding of material.
For someone who knew nothing about Project Management as myself, this course was all I could hope.
This course is very helpful for those whose are in the beginning phase of Project Management Area.
Excellent Training and Material, covered most of the impotent topics of PMBOK with good examples.
It is a great experience to understand the initial thinking into projects before execution starts
I wholeheartedly recommend these courses to anyone who wants to be effective in project delivery.
It seems to be a good start to learning something in-depth and more exciting in upcoming courses.
wonderful delivery. easy understanding for the international student with a perfect subscription.
I really learned a lot and the combination of video material and reading makes it easy to follow.
Resourceful course for beginners also for those who a starting their career as a project manager.
I enjoyed this introductory course in Project Management. It was informative and concise. Thanks!
A very well designed starter course for learning the basics of Project Management right. Thanks !
This course is very educative and I have learned immensely in how to be a better project manager
I had no previous experience with project planning. The concepts introduced were really helpful.
Great course! I feel as if I already know so much about project management by taking this course
The course is very well structured and i would recommend it to anyone new to Project Management.
This course was informative and interesting.   I really enjoyed the panel discussion in week 6.
Great for those (like me) who want to know about project management and if the PMP is for you!
Very informative and supportive course for those who are planning for Event management career.
very useful, I got many new knowledge then I can apply it into my current job. Thanks so much!
Wonderful content and presentation. Would expect more case studies oriented questions in exam.
The course is comprehensive and understandable even for a person who is not a business person,
Awesome practical cases, reflextion exercises, good for beginners, but not that basic I'd say!
Learned many practical tips from this course. I would definitely recommend it to any beginner.
A very good course for those who want to have an insight of how the project development works.
An excellent introductory course for students looking to start project management as a career.
Very interesting and a very good starting point for people who want to know to manage projects
Easy to understand content, well-performed lessons and course is full of experts' experience.
course is really awesome and finally made me to understand the importance of project manager.
Nice understanding for Initiating and Planning Projectvery detailed explanation with examples
Great and elicit lectureThis one will help someone who wants to be good at project management
Great course! So happy that I was able to pass all modules. Thanks for the great information!
Great intro information. Easily accessible information from app and computer. It was a blast!
Very instructive. And going on your own pace was very interesting. I finished 2 weeks before
A very informative course.  Great introduction to Project Management and the PMBOK concepts.
It was really effective course I have learnt alot about project and its related areas thanks
Excellent course!! Thanks for the opportunity to increase my knowledge in project management
This course was very helpful to me, and i think will prove to of use to any project manager.
The course is very helpful and help me a lot in understanding the project management process
I like the content. It is very precise and tailored in best way to suit cutting edge demand.
It's an awesome Step by step course that lead you to achieve your goals in Project Managing.
I like so many things about course: presentation; flash content; real examples sharing; quiz
It got everything you need to understand when you're in early stage of your Prc or PjM roles
I really appreciate to learn this course - I've got a lot of answers for my daily questions.
Very detailed course and engaging for beginners as well as professionals already in career.
I enjoyed this course. The presenter was personable and the information was very relatable.
Great course, very helpful to understand some fundamental definitions in project management
Very interesting course and way of delivering course contents was convenient and excellent.
It's well structured and well presented that it's really easy to understand. Thanks a lot!!
It was a great opening for this certificate. I found it easy to follow as an online coarse.
Really helpful as an introduction to the PMBOK guide and basic project management concepts.
Very compact, well formatted and explained course, with good examples and real-life people.
Very very great course. Very great foundation and well-explained . Strongly recommend it .
Very useful & Important course, I will continue the other courses to get  PMP certified :)
This course was very helpful regarding how projects are managed & done in  accurate manner
A great reminder on how a project earlier set up should be done to ensure project success.
Great course, I've learned so much and i'm able to bring this knowledge back to my career.
Amazing and detailed course that provides and clear insight of what Project Management is.
Highly recommended. Very well structured and cover lot of content in a very intuitive way.
it,s very helpful course , i want to complete many courses from coursera thank,s very much
I enjoyed the course it was a good basic introduction to initiating and planning projects.
Great Opportunity to study Project management. Its very informative and not hard to study.
Well organised course structure with a good balance of theory and practical illustrations.
Great initial course covers a wide breadth of information but is easy to follow and grasp.
Very informative. I really like the case studies and also the panel discussion at the end.
Courseara is very important to me, because I have learnt a  lot about Project Management.
Very useful for upgrading my knowledge and need to practice in daily working and activity
I was fantastic, easy to learn, step wise elaborated and detailed and easy to understand.
Great course !!carefully thought course  materials .Interactive sessions keeps us engaged
Great learning experience....lucid teaching methodology, keeps you interested to the end.
Very educative, engaging and fun! Will definitely recommend to my colleagues and friends!
Undeniably beneficial for anyone seeking to learn valuable lessons in Project Management.
Nice overview and I liked the mix of media presentation -- slides, video, animation, etc.
This was a great course to expand skills or refresh past project management skill areas.
Nice and full of basic knowledge regarding Project Planing. Thank you CSUI and COURSERA.
This course help you such as you need for understand and treat to initialing a project.
Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge, expertise and experiences on this course.
Great for getting introduced to the basics & framework of the Product Management world.
very insightful. a good beginning to understanding how to do proper project management.
Great course, would definitely recommend to anyone and every, not just project managers
This course give me more background information about  initiating and planning project.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH. HAVE REALLY LEARNT A LOT. NOW I CAN WALK TALL ON PROJECT EXECUTION
Great introduction to the PMI system and a great foundation for the coursework to come.
It was a very good course to clear the basics, highly recommended for all the students
learn about planning of projects. course is well designed and instructor is also good.
Too Good content. Things good cleared and learnings can be applied in corporate world.
The Course was presented at a good pace for understanding and knowledge update. i like
Really it's very great and useful course , including many important poinst in PMP Exam
This is a very good and informative course to build on project management Fundamentals
Excellent discussion of what a project is, and how to think about projects in general.
Part one of a five-part course, super easy was able to knock it out over the weekend.
Very interactive and the teacher is simply amazing: knowledgeable and fun! Thank you!
The course is very helpful, and the theacher uses very clear  and practical examples.
The only thing I don't like is that I have to purchase the course to submit the quiz.
Recommend for the people that really want to learn form down to the top level of PMP.
Its so easy and very convenient to learnIt's learning at your paceI love this course
Very essential for folks looking to gain fundamental knowledge of project management
very good instructor and materials. it will help me a lot to initiating new projects
Provides a useful brief, easy to follow summary on initiating and planning projects.
This is indeed the most educative course I have ever taken so far.very explanatory.
Very intractive course and knowledgeble contents of Project Management Professional
Wonderful instructional design! excellent usability of the course and coursera LMS.
Excellent and very helpful for the development of project management for beginners.
Is a good course, which includes lessons learned from experts, highly recommended.
Handful Video and Reading materials along with case study made the course amazing.
It was truly informative, I feel it like the first stem towards PMI certification.
Nice course to learn and understand concept of project management  thank u so much
The Course was very helpful. Learned a lot of things about how to handle a project
great introduction with simplified terms to understand the language the PMBOK uses
A very good course for Management personnel. The content of the course is thorough
I loved the course and have given me immense interest and knowledge on this topic!
Very good as a first impression of project management. I like the animated videos.
It is a comprehensive and interesting course which has impacted a new skill in me
This is the first course I would take on PM and I am really motivated to continue
Easy to follow, no-nonsense guide to getting your feet wet in project management.
Great course with the foundational knowledge of initiating and planning projects.
Great structured coruse and easy to learn for complete beginners. Fully recommend
step in to the PM, thx for the visible case study and personal experience sharing
Comprehensive knowledge disseminated in the most intelligible & practical manner.
Thank you Its a great Course. I would love to stay connected with you in linkedin
Very good introduction and nice ideas are put into the course. Really enjoing it.
This course was easy to navigate, and it was first time taking an online course.
this is good course covers almost all the important topics of project management
Excellent course. It covered basics of project initiation and planning concepts.
Excellent course, looking forward to the other courses on this specialization!!!
amazing course to learn about the basics of project management with fundamentals
A really interesting course for someone who is from a non-management background.
I really like this course, especially the members of the team and the panelists!
Explained in simple  way so that even a layman could understand.  PMP made easy.
Excellent course, crystal clear, easy to follow, and a good source of reference.
Liked the lectures and the panel interviews. The PMBOK reading I feel is a must.
Useful & affordable for people willing to start their project management career.
amazing coursework, easy to learn. I hope this course will help me in my career.
Really good course. I love the way it's done and really appreciate case studies.
strongly recommended for those who want to enter into project management stream
The lessons were very easily understood and the sessions were very interactive.
This was really helpfull.Will surely help us in the future. Thank you coursera.
it's a  verry excitnig experience and it contain a lot of important information
It is a fantastic
course for the starter to learn about the project management.
I would recommend to take this course. It is easy to follow and comply with pmp
Excellent course, really enjoyed learning the planning stages of a new project.
The content and the lay out of the course is amazingly  prepared and presented.
Extremely useful and well organised course for beginners on project management.
This is a great initiative and opportunity for project managers. Keep it up...
It was really fun learning this course and I learned so many things. Thankyou.
I like this course so much and want to learn more on other specialization too.
Excellent course with a dynamic methodology to learn about project management.
It's a great course to get a glimpse of Project management and it's importance
very helpful in the understanding of project management basics and principles.
Great course content, perfect for understanding the project management basics.
Excellent instructor . I was able learn and pass the exam with ease. Thank you
Great start for whoever is looking to invest the career in project management.
Really good course. SImple and easy to follow. It's a really good introduction
The course is great. it focused on some important points of project management
good structure, provides a good review of how to structure and manage project.
It was very educative and simple to understand i really enjoyed learning here
Excellent training and Knowledgeable can help to grow in professional career.
This was a very helpful Course. It is user friendly and provides great tools.
Thanks very much for allowing me to gain a lot of knowledge on this course...
It's an interesting course with a wide area of application. I really love it.
This course going to be very helpful in my coming career. Thank you coursera.
I am glad I took this course and I'll keep learning.Thank You UCI and DevObit
As a web and graphics designer, this course will help a lot. I am so excited!
Very well structured and even went beyond my expectation for a online course!
Very informative course for a beginner to increase his/her PM knowledge base.
good Course for begineers and for the people who are in the engineering field
I found this course very useful to introduce myself to the Management sector.
The course was well laid out.  Margaret Maloney is an excellent facilitator .
A great learning and training for the PMP exam, thank you for this treasure !
Nice course, excellent info and materials for a basic project manager. Thanks
This is an awesome course. Highly recommended for beginners in the industry.
Extremely satisfied with the course, because of the clear and crisp lessons.
I have learned a lot on this course and will keep learning - moving forward.
Great course. The instructor / presenter spoke clearly and in plain English.
It is a great intro course, I wished to find more story of the real projects
Good course for a new project manager new to the field to get started with .
Great mix of lectures, reading/lessons, case studies and real-life examples.
This course helped me get a clear conceptual idea about project management.
I was absolutely thrilled bout this course and my expectation were reached.
It's really great to understand to every point for what to do or how to do.
Great Course to learn about Project Initiating and its planning. Thank You.
Very clear knowledge, it has been quite satisfying to complete this course!
very educational, i enjoyed this course and would recommend it to everyone.
I would recommend taking the course. All information you will need is here.
Great intro to Project Management. Very informative and useful information.
Excellent content and very well explained with some really good scenarios .
Very useful as an introduction to the PM. Nice examples and extra material.
It was really informative and helpful, perfect for an Introductory course.
this course was a clear and compelling introduction to Project Management.
That course was very interesting and I like to have other courses as well.
very informative . Clear presentation. i have learnt a lot from the course
The course has very good structure how to deliver the content to freshman.
Great introduction to Project Management, and material to get you started.
Good course to get you started on your project or program management path.
Excellent learning experience for the beginner and preparing for PMP exam.
This course is so helpful in understanding basics of planing projects ..!!
It's interesting course. I have learnt many things about project managent.
Well-structured and highly interesting introduction to Project Management!
Very useful with well-organized structure in both video and presentation!
It is a very good way to educate, I learnt a lot and hope this continues.
Very good course. Content is explained in great and understanding manner.
This course was really enlightening,,I learnt so much,thank you very much
this course will remain useful to every project manager, both old and new
It was a relevant course with very practical approaches and case studies.
well structured course, you will definitely be going to learn new skills.
this course is good for my origination and managing knowledge . thank all
Able to understand overall Project management operations. TQ coursera :-)
great course....looking into the other 3 that co-inside with this one! :)
I have learned a lot in this course and I am very anxious to do the next.
Loved it! Short learning components, engaging instructor, well organized.
Great course. Great instructor. Well prepared and delivered lesson plans.
This is my first and best online educational platform i have encountered.
A terrific introduction to the basics and language of Project Management.
Great introduction to the specialization. Professor went at a great pace.
this course is amazing, thanks for the good learning, easy to understand
Very informative, easy to comprehend with real scenarios, and impactful.
Very good course with alot of information. I am glad I took this course.
This course helps you get an introduction to project management. Thanks!
Very detailed and informative on the introduction to Project Management.
Very helpful and detailed information on the basics of Project Planning!
I really loved this course..!! I would like to thanks to my instructor..
Good basic course to get an overview of initiating and planning projects
easy to follow, clear and concise. a few more case would be appreciated.
Good overview and content is really amazing. Specially the bonus videos.
this is very useful and fantastic course
i hope to benefit more and more
I really like this course and the way our professor gives us this class.
I have learned so much and I am very satisfied with the lesson overall!
Very well pitched introductory course. Excellent tutor. Concise and tho
A good course on project preparation. Very relatable and easy to catch.
Very helpful for the study and also for the practical life application.
It's very informative and gives you the basics without overwhelming you
Excellent Course Material !! Simplified, easy to understand and imbibe.
A very nice comprehensive course that helps me learn PM systematically.
It was an awesome experience. A wonderful upgrade to my skills. Thanks.
Very well structured and useful course. I really enjoyed learning this!
I am greatly to complete PMP it is helpful to me to control my project.
amazingly easy to learn and to recall, beautiful video design & making.
Great Course, learned a lot of new things. Hope to finish other modules
great basic course for planning, clear explanations, videos and slides.
NICE very kind, and i can applied this additional knowledge onto my job
Excelent course! Very clear and focus on concepts and their application
coursera is best plateform to gain something advance and something new.
Very useful. I do learned a lot. Very intuitive and very powerful tool!
its very interesting course , with a lot of knowledge  that helped me .
Good information well presented. An excellent intro to this discipline.
Good Course to understand the basics of Project planning & Initiating.
Excellent sources of information and nice variety of activities to do.
Its really good if you are starting your career on project management.
The course was very much helpful in developing my skill and knowledge.
Very helpful and insightful knowledge as I engage on my first project.
A comprehensive course on Project Management- Initiating and Planning.
Excellent! I was lookingfor an introductory course. Now I want more...
I thought everything was explained in a very helpful and thorough way.
This is an eye opening into Project Management,It worth effort put in.
Very good basics course with fine detailing and motivational teaching.
Quality analysis of project planning & great explanation of concepts.
It would give clear concept about project and project managing basics
Exceptional learning experience for a beginner of Project Management.
Needs more case studies and more videos than the long reading content
A very helpful course to build your foundation at the very beginning.
Awesome course! Hopefully will be completing the whole specialization
Great introduction course to project management. Very well explained.
Beautiful course and a wonderful lecturer. Thank you Margaret Maloni.
the access to the course and the quality of the material being taught
I learnt a lot from this course.I am sure this will help me in future
It was a great experience i really learn a lot of  this course topics
Well organized, providing a variety of ways to encounter the subject.
Really good course Contains all important and essential information.
very good and clear information about initiating and planing project
It is the best course for initiating and learning Project management
It was a great learning experience.Lots of Knowledge Acquired.Thanks
Loved it, for PM s who are just starting very good and useful course
It's was a wonderful experience. I learnt a lot of new ideas. Thanks
Comprehensive and yet simplified lectures. I had fun while learning.
thank you for the great content and easy laying out for the subjects
Excellent coverage of the topic of Initiating and Planning Projects.
Its amazing really Iam so happy for taken this course Thank you all
A good informative course especially I like the interviews section.
Professor Meloni's delivery of information was awesome and helpful.
i have gained so much knowledge in initiating and planning projects
it was great experience to learn here it is really much appreciable
It's very good to know about management and planning at this stage.
Thanks you very much, I have a question about how to get a degree ?
A good start to earn an initial understanding of Project Management
I found this to be an excellent introduction to Project Management.
The instructor's enthusiasm for the subject makes this a fun course
I really spend a good time and I got some news from this thank you
Another piece of knowledge I can add as an manufacturing engineer.
i like this course thank you very much for give me the opportunity
Simple , direct & straight to transfer the information Appreciated
Really helpful to learn how to initiating & planning for a project
Very good course that covers the principles of Project Management.
Thank you very much for the best way of delivering the information
Nice Professor with proper skills to teach and with best knowledge
Very useful course, practical information set up in short lessons.
A very well designed and informative course, thank you very much!!
Excellent knowledge in very short time. Highly recommended course.
very informative course, Provides an insight to project management
Informative, helpful with a lot of insides... It is worth taking!!
It helped me alot in mining various aspects of project management
Where are the mails regarding it and where is the certificate????
Lectures Delivered very nicely, understanding, gaining knowledge.
Practical and comprehensive.  Thank you for offering this course!
An eye-opening glimpse into the vast world of project management.
It's a nice course for starting you journey as a project manager.
This course was improve wonderfully my project management skills.
EXcellent.  Provided the right level of content and presentation.
A good way to start of augmenting knowledge in project management
Great course if you are starting with Project Management Courses!
it was amazing , i got to learn so many new things ....thank you
THIS IS VERY HELPFUL WHO WANTS TO LEARN ABOUT PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Perfect to understand the scope a Project Manager proffessional.
Fun and learn a lot about Project management and team managament
Using this immediately as a freelancer that runs my own business
Loved the course it was very informative and easy to understand.
Great for people looking to learn more about project management.
Course very useful and informative especially suitable for begin
This course is absolutely good for the initial stage of project
Simple to follow, the materials are easy to read and understand
Very helpful information about project management and planning.
All contents of course are excellent. nable to download courses
Very well structured and would highly recommend this course :).
good walk through of several of the chapters of the PMBOK Guide
Very Good course to learn the Fondaments of Project Management.
Very useful and productive course! Highly recommend to take it!
Extremely Informative! All the imperative aspects were covered.
Excellent course. Very good introduction to Project Management.
Concepts very well explained. Missing more and harder exercises
It was a great course to get to know the basics about projects.
Awesome! It changed my view on the topic absolutely! Thank you!
it was a good learning experience , course content is excellent
A great introduction to Project Management.  Clear and concise.
Very convenient and excellent review material for us engineers.
thank you, I love this course that teaches me about projects .
its really had a great experience to gain knowledge and skills
Gave me lot of valuable knowledge regarding planning projects.
Great introduction to the project planing and management world
I cannot say anything more than one word : It's Amazing course
Excellent course for beginners in the Project Management Field
useful lectures and understandable material for any beginners.
Easy to understand than the course conducted by the PMI itself
Excellent approach of teaching. The content was really useful.
It was really an interesting journey I learned so many things.
The instructor can be termed as best. Easy plus comprehensive.
It's a fast and complete initial course of Project Management.
This is a very good introductory course to start a new career.
Excellent ! I love it ! I can't wait to get to an MBA degree !
Videos and reading material are easy to understand and follow.
easy to understand and the instructor is really understandable
Great videos, concise, but thorough and did it at my own pace!
Should get transcript of all the files, so that we can review.
That was a good beginning for new comers on project management
This course has been very informative and eye-opening for me.
Really enjoyed it, very interesting and time efficient course
Great way to gain background knowledge on Project Management!
Learned the things that which are very use full for my career
Very informative and easy to follow, with a great instructor!
great course for Project Managers for initiating and planning
Very good course. IMHO Optional readings are most beneficial.
Good content, it improves my project management understanding
A wonderful course.I wish I could enroll in the next courses!
Great course! Easy, interesting and give good base knowledge.
An extraordinary knowledge for beginners. Thank you coursera.
It was really helpful for remind me basic stuff og PM. Thanks
A great introduction to the world of the project management!!
Great course with simple concept. Easy for beginners to start
Was a great course. Takes you through the material with ease.
This course has improved my performance as a Project Manager.
Great course .. It adds greatly and helps you to plan better
Great material, interesting classes and dynamic progression.
Great gateway into learning professional project management!
A wonderful introduction to the world of project management!
Thank you! It was a great useful and interesting experience.
The content is rich in information and the videos are great.
Great course. It is also a good preparation for the PMP test
Nice and very informative, good to start the learning of PMI
Exceptional material taught in concise and succinct manner.
It was fruitful, I really enjoyed the experience.Thank you!
this course will help me more to enhance my planning skills
This is a very good beginner course for project management.
Best Training ! I will surely recommend to other Aspirants.
thank you very much, i learned many things from this course
It was a very exhaustive and direct to conceptual learning.
Best experience ever I had in learning through this course
Very basic but informative. Highly recommend to new PM/PO.
Excellent for understanding the basics and in a simple way
Interesting course, it really worths the time spent on it.
A great start for people to learn about Project Management
Good Learning, The Stuff is precise and still elaborative.
Awesome course and great learning about project management
I am grateful this course,finally this course is completed
Great learning and managing the project management process
Excellent Course to start your Project Management Journey!
Best fundamental course to learn about project management.
it is very useful and interesting content I have ever seen
I'm so happy for you guys, and I hope I get more and more.
It was great! Thanks for all the material and information.
Lots of useful information for an aspiring Project Manager
excellent course! I really enjoyed it and learned a lot...
Great course. It teaches you specifically about projects.
best course to have an idea on how to initiate a project.
Excellent introduction to initating and planning projects
It was nice to train even on Digital stream!Thank you UCI
Good course for a beginner to get into project management
Excellent course on the fundamentals of project planning.
Awesome course. Really simple to understand.. Love it !!!
Highly Recommended for beginners , starts from zero level
wow .wonderful experience.Lecture classes  were amazing.
Good initiation towards the project management practices
great start for your project management career. must do.
This is an exciting class, learning so many new things..
awesome. Helped me to undertante better about an project
Great course full of a lot of information for beginners!
Excellent course methodology, especially the case study.
This was an excellent start for me to advance my career.
Excellent mix between readings and interactive material!
conversational learning. Well structured and explained.
This is a great course ! I learned a lot in this course
Insightful, Well planned and amazing lecturers invited!
Fantastic class and varry useful tips. Thanks teachers.
MAGARET IS AN AMAZING TUTOR. SPEAKS SOFTLY AND CLEARLY.
Excellent knowledge presented in a well-designed format
Excellent course for project manager beginner learners!
lovely course, i would recommend it over and over again
Excellent course to approach you to the PMP Certificate
Really great course. Learned a lot of things from this.
very educational and informative, great starter course.
Very nice and helpful course! Thanks for the knowledge.
A frame work and generally recognized practice. Awesome
Very succinct.  Good instructor.  Valuable information.
Very good. Well presented and covers relevant material.
Extremely professional and easy to comprehend content.
It was well designed course ...Enjoyed learning a lot.
It was an amazing course and love the way of teaching.
Its too cool and informative  with simple presentation
very encouraging and full of new ideas and information
This course is very useful. l have learnt many things.
Good explanation on the course, especially the videos.
Learned more about Initiating and planning of project.
Useful case studies, not just theories. Recommend 100%
This is a very useful course for all project managers!
Simple, informative and to the point! i really love it
Thank you dear techer, the course were well organized!
Very useful and interesting course. Highly recomended!
really it's very interesting and well prepared course.
it is wonderful course , with awesome  trainer  ,,,,!!
This is a great course as a intro to Project anagement
Great course! Clear! Loved it! Thanks Margaret Meloni!
Excellent course content and support for the lectures!
I am in love with flash lessons! They helped me a lot
Good as well as benificial course as an undergraduate
THIS COURSE IS VERY USEFUL MY PROJECT PLANNING METHOD
I thoroughly enjoyed it and  found it easy to follow.
Perfect to start to understanding project management.
The lectures were very good.  Short and to the point.
A nice practical approach to the course made it good.
Course if great!(ID verification process is terrible)
Excellent Experience. Keep up the good work Coursera.
The teacher is engaging and gives real life examples.
Great course material and delivery for the PM novice.
Excellent course with case studies. Very insightful.
ENJOYED LEARNING A LOT OF NEW AND INTERESTING THINGS
It help me to improve my skill in project management
Good for beginners, very approachable tone and pace.
excellent basis for initiating and planning projects
The course is simple and excellent for new learners.
Please improve voice quality content was really good
It is a very good course, I recommend it to everyone
this cource was much helpful for projects menagement
Very detailed course for beginners. Found it useful.
Great Course! looking forward to complet the series!
Amazing! Very good examples and concise information.
Excellent course. Very useful and nicely explained.
It was very useful for understanding basic concepts
Great lecturers on initiating and planning projects
this has been so wonderful and helpful in my career
It's gives more knowledge to me.thank you very much
Perfect start for beginners entering the management
okay im satisfied with this course :D tks very much
so amazing! i really enjoyed the lessons.Thank you.
very clear and simple presentation by the instuctor
it is great, but we need more exercises to practice
Provides an understanding about project management.
Great course. Easy to follow, succinct and concise.
This course is very useful thank you for you effort
Very clear, well balanced between theory and cases.
Thoughtful and clean -- a great introduction to PM.
for starters it the the right course to start with
Very beautiful and great course, it's very useful.
Great course, great learning material, enjoyed it!
i am really happy and satisfy by doing this course
Loved the course.. especially the panel interview!
Good insight into Projects Initiating and planning
very good course i got a lot of useful information
I have learned many new things during this course.
Simple, efficient course I really thank you for it
vvv good A good introduction to project management
Excellent beginning course for Project Management!
Great materials, concise videos and expert tutors.
Very useful knowledge for Initiating the project!!
Great Course to start the Project Management World
good course to learn basics of project management.
Nice and detailed explanation. Good for beginner.
Concise and broken down for anyone to understand.
Good content and easy to understand for beginners
congratulations for all the learning in it course
very good content to improve our engineerin life.
It was great! I totally enjoyed it....THANK YOU:)
I was so helpful and useful. Thank you so much :)
A good Course for Project Planning and Management
Concise introduction to a vast body of knowledge.
Excelent material. The instructor is very helpful
Very interesting course with useful informations.
NICE COURSE AND VERY USEFUL IN FUTURE.THANK YOU .
I love how informative this course is! Thank you!
Good and optimized course about starting projects
Thank you very much for very informative lessons!
very useful to enhance project management skills.
It is an excellent course. Utterly, informative!!
It was very informational and easy to understand.
A really good introduction to project management!
The interaction with PMP professionals was great
I leaned lots of things about planning projects.
I am very satisfied of the contets of the course
Awesome course and very much close to practical.
Management course is very good and lecturer very
A good course for project management entry level
Good introduction course for the specialization.
It was a very good a simple course for beginners
Very useful content

All thanks for your efforts
very good interpersonal skills and communication
Great experience! Looking forward learning more!
The course is extremely insightful and helping .
Very good understanding about fundamentals on PM
interactive, rich in content, and easy to follow
Great course for beginners in project management
Good starting course for a young project manager
It really helps! And not only for the beginners!
Very good and easy to understand course content.
I really enjoyed the content and the instructor.
Thank you Margaret, this course was impressive!
Excellent course, objective, clear and dynamic.
Wodnerful course but slides sometimes invisible
Nice course for beginners in project management
This course is really helpful and interesting!!
The course was informative and well illustrated
It helpful and increase my leadership knowledge
best short term courses for project management.
I found the course very informative and useful.
It was one of the best course I ever had before
Very Good ! Makes you look forward to learning.
I learned  planning  how to  do projects  plan
The Great Courses for beginner product Manager
It is fantastic course, i like it very much...
Very fundamental and nicely structured content
Good understanding of Project Management tools
Good content, able to relate with current work
A very good pre-requisite to PMP certification
Excellent course taught be wonderful lecturers
it's fun a lot of things to learn.all must try
It was excellent course, it improved my skills
Pretty interesting course and very structured!
Very good for overall project planning notions
Really chanllenge and useful.Thanks very much.
Very flexible pace and easy to learn modules.
Amazing Course.. I recommend it to everybody.
Able to gain sufficient knowledge and skills.
Amazing Course for beginners. Thanks Coursera
Good course to start with project management.
Excellent Course and Very Much Useful also...
Very interesting and very clear explanations!
Everything is very well managed and completed
I got to know much more about project planing
nice course and very usefull skills to build!
Very good introduction to project management.
Great foundation to begin project management.
Excellent introduction to Project Management.
As I am running a team,it is helping me a lot
Thank you so much for instructing Ana Pelayo.
It was a excellent experience with the course
Very useful and straightforward!! Good course
Well organized course I learn a lot from it.
It is a Great Course, learned a lot from it.
Well structured course, with helpful videos.
Nice Concept and very helpful for me. Thanks
Margaret was great !!!!!  And the 3 speakers
A very interesting course with rich content.
Great course that handled things in nutshell
It was great time to learn.Thank you so much
I learned a lot about stakeholder management
Good quality of course, very helpful manuals
Thorough and aware of my needs as a student.
Very good introduction to project management
Great course, very well explained. Thank you
Very good introduction to Project Management
Interesting and well prepared course. Thanks
Great start to understand Project Management
Thanks a lot it was very interesting course.
Simple instruction made it easy to remember.
Very informative and easily layedout course
I learn almost more things from this cource
Great knowledge and best way of instruction
Well-explained and straight  to the point !
This class was interesting and informative.
Excellent lectures and material, thank you!
A great introduction to project management!
Well presented and clear. Great instructor.
The course material and length was perfect!
Good course for foundation in new projects.
I really enjoyed this introductory course!
This programme is very helpful. I love it!
Very informative and based on PMBook Guide
Awesome, insanely kind and engaging lector
This Course is undoubtedly usefull course.
It is a very good course and very helpful.
thank you very much its a wonderful course
thanks it was very interesting and helpful
Great course to start in planning projects
Very Good Course and easily understandable
Superb introduction to Project management!
So well presented with practical examples.
Very Good Course for management new roles.
Excellent resource for new Project Manager
A great introduction to project management
Superb. I look forward to the next course.
Really enjoyed the videos and case studies
Took me from no knowledge to understanding
I simply loved its simplicity and approach
Excellent thoughts and concepts presented.
Excelent course! Very complete and usefull
It was a great course I really enjoyed it
Great introduction to Project Management.
Best knowledge gain through this course !
A great course for a Beginner. Enjoyed it
Outstanding course, I have learned a lot.
Thank you So Much Madam, Coursera and UCI
very nice.. i achieve  a lot of knowledge
It was a good experience and learn a lot!
Very informative. Bonus videos are great!
Great introduction to project management!
There is very good course to the everyone
Very to the point and interesting course.
Great study course outline & explanation.
New knowledge with new skills improvement
Very good and knowledgeable Session...!!!
Course is according with scope indicated.
Great course. I could learn a lot with it
Very informational and well put together!
I really enjoyed the content presented!!!
Love it!Very well organised and executed.
A Wonderful and very informative course.
Educative and  knowledge gaining course.
Really enjoyed learning from this course
Outstanding course and loved the energy.
Good introduction to project management!
Very useful and knowledge gaining course
Great experience I gained in this course
The course was amazing and very benfical
Useful, for newbie want to know about PM
Nice introduction to project management!
Very insightful and very easy to digest.
Excellent Course and Amazing Instructor!
Very interesting course. You'll love it!
Great introduction to Project Management
Easy to understand and great information
i'm very satisfy thank's for the support
Excellence way the course was conducted.
Good first step into Project Management.
The course phased out meticulously well.
Great course! And Margaret is so lovely!
This is really impressive, learned a lot
Really great intro.  Highly recommended.
Great Course with pertinent information.
Excellent course, very simple and clear
Loved the plotline in the case studies.
Very educative and interesting program.
Thanks for a lesson, it really helpfull
interesting topic with good explanation
Good course to learn project management
This course is amazing.Great initiative
More real-life example would be better.
Great introduction to planning projects
This course is so precious! Thanks you!
Good presentations and great resources.
Absolutely focus on project management.
Very simple and easy to follow. Thanks.
It's is excellently well defined course
Excelent course!! Thanks for your time.
Easy to understand with great examples.
Easy to Understand. Goof for Beginners
Content quality, easy to understanding
thank you so much for all informations
That course helps me a lot. Thank you!
Great Initiation to project management
clear and effective also for beginners
thanks for your great teaching method.
very good to learn how to be a manager
Very structured and educational course
it is very good course as intro to PMP
Very helpful and concise introduction.
Excellent & straight forward lectures.
It is a good introduction to the field
The best course in Project Development
Enjoyed refreshing through this Course
I am learning so much!  Great Instruct
The best course in project management
Highly recommended!! Amazing content.
Good Learning materials for beginners
really well organIzed and InterestIng
Nice warm up. I bet it gets trickier!
Good. Seemed pretty straight forward.
It is very helpful for a new learner.
Excellent and well organized course.
Excellent Course, I enjoyed learning
It's very effective and interesting.
This course is designed in good way.
I like this course, very practical !
Wonderful and very helpful course!!!
Excellent Course and great delivery!
Very informative and well organized!
Great overview on project management
This course is easy, nice and useful
well manage course for the beginners
Great course! Keep up the good work!
Excellent course. Highly recommended
Great course to start in this topic.
Great course, thoroughly enjoyed it.
Splendid!  Heading towards Capstone!
Very well presented and informative.
it is really good and worth the time
Loved the interactive case studies!
Great course!!!!!! i learned a lot.
It was PERFECT! Thank you very much
I loved it, it's really good coarse
I learned so much from this course!
This course is so basic and helpful
Very Good Course for the Beginners!
Everything was covered. Perfect!!!!
Thanks for the amazing opportunity.
it was good and intresting to learn
i enjoyed every bit of this course.
very good love it and the new ideas
Interesting and informative course!
Very nice course for the beginners.
Completely Practical and Insightful
Good and effective learning for me.
very powerful courses to start with
Awesome experience and very helpful
Very Helpful and Elaborate Content.
Very helpful and detailed materials
Very easy to follow and understand.
Fundamentals of Project Management
Great to be learning to add skills
Please make the sound more louder.
THANK YOU FOR MAKING THESE COURSES
Easy to follow if you're a novice.
Useful and necessary for young PMs
I benefited a lot form this course
Very informative and enlightening.
This was very helpful for initiate
Great course, I learnt many things
Great intro to Project Management.
This was very good. It has set the
Well-organized and easy to access!
this course is really interesting.
great course with great proffesors
Presented in a way easy to master.
thank you ma'am and sir.very nice
Very inspiring panelist interview
Great course! Highly recommended!
This course is very informational
Very well explained with examples
Thank you! It was awesome course!
Easy to understand. Very helpful!
Grate course , wonderful lecturer
very interesting, good professor,
Great class, good videos. Thanks!
very useful & interesting course!
Excellent Course!! Learned a lot!
It was an excellent introduction.
Great course, easy to understand.
really good starter for fresh PM.
Very interesting and informative
Great course I've learned a lot.
Best way to improve your careers
Excellent design of this course.
Easy to learn and knowledgeable.
Awesome, thanks for opportunity!
The course was very enlightening
Course was basic but productive.
it's a great course, very useful
Proper and Excellent explanation
It was easy to follow and grasp.
I loved the classes a great deal
The course is very useful for us
I enjoyed it from the beginning.
great course and really helpfull
knowledge presents in a good way
Really well made course. Thanks!
Nice course with relevant topic
Interactive and useful content.
Very informative and enjoyable.
flexible and informative course
it's good and very useful to as
Very Educative and Informative.
Very engaging and fun to learn!
It is a course worth completing
Thank you for incridible course
Good overall knowledge about PM
Margaret tell me so many things
Great Course, great instructor!
Good course! Thank you so much!
Very educative and enlightening
It's a great course. Thank you!
Displayed in an interesting way
I enjoyed studying this course.
It was very systematic teaching
Excellent knowledge and points.
Wonderful course! Very helpful!
Brief, focus on the main point
It was an excellent experience
Amazing course. Great content.
Good experience. Rich content.
Informative and easy to digest
Amazing and Easy to Understand
a wonderful and helpful course
I have learned alot professor.
Very engaging and informative.
Excellent and very informative
great way to start a PM career
Great course, very insightful.
Very nicely organized. Thanks!
Very interesting small course
very helpful work and project
Excellent & Looking Forward!!
this cours is very profitable
This course helps me alot....
That was very nice experience
That was an excellent course.
Easy and to the point, great.
very informative and relevant
Easy to follow and enjoyable!
i do like it really thank you
Very helpful and very useful.
it's beneficial for beginners
Thoroughly enjoyed the course
Great overview and breakdown!
It was very beneficial to me.
Interesting! Well organized!!
Course is designed very well.
This is really I great course
very useful courses, thanks !
It's really a helpful course
nice content..great learning
Very informative, thank you!
Great course. Easy to follow
Good course, easy and clear.
Very much useful this course
yes it is really good course
Very Effective course it was
Very Effective Course it was
very useful in the daily job
Excellent and very helpful !
excellent for the beginners.
It's a good course to go for
it is  Good course to learn
Nice and Educative program.
great course, great content
It was very helpful course.
COURSE IS VERY INTERESTING.
This course did a good job.
Perfect Course for learners
Amazing course. Quick study
Perfect for my line of work
Really interesting. Thanks!
Very engaging presentation!
Very professional & helpful
very useful course, thanks.
she is precise and concise
it was fun ,happy learning
Very helpful and enlighten
Challenging and educative.
thanks for that big effort
it was good ! i am impress
I am enjoying this course.
I like so much this course
This is the helpful review
really helpful for myself.
its good start course of P
very much effection course
Very good study materials.
Very fast and imformative.
Great and detailed course.
Very interesting PM course
Great as a starting point.
Great, informative course!
very educative and helpful
very nice and great course
Very well organize course.
That Course Was Awesome :D
provides great knowledge.
Such an amazing course!!!
Amazing learning platform
Engaging and informative!
Amazing and fast grasping
It was a very nice course
beautiful and easy to use
informative and practical
Great to learn new skills
Great course. Lots of ver
great and easy to follow!
Great course presentation
Well structured e course.
I loved the presentations
It's a excelent project.
very happy and satisfied
Thankyou! so helpfull ;)
it was excellent course.
That;s good for beginner
It was quite interesting
Great initiation into PM
Very interesting courses
clear and concise course
its really fantastic....
I strongly recommend it.
Awesome job by Margaret.
An excellent way through
So useful and important
Engaging and Educative.
I was a very good thing
overwhelming experience
Thankyou for  knowledge
Best way to approach PM
Good course for me/....
Great and easy learning
i just loved this couse
A very good experience.
very nice traing course
Its Awesome! Thanks UCI
The course is well done
Great course! Thank you
Thanks for everything.
that is a great course
Loves the bonus videos
Good stuff for newbie!
Great for BEGINNERS!!!
Well structured course
As expected. Thank you
Great and Descriptive!
I just love this stuff
it was helpful course
It was good actually.
its a good experiende
Great learning ðŸ˜ƒðŸ˜ƒðŸ˜ƒ
100% Really satisfied
Nice lesson. thankyou
it's very interesting
Highly recommended!!!
To get good knowledge
Thank you for this us
Very nice and simple!
Great Learning Course
A great introduction!
Great tools, nice use
Very thorough course.
Great revision course
very good for a start
interesting. really!
Well Balanced Course
Outclass and Awesome
Best online platform
It's a useful course
best and interesting
AWESOME FROM MY SIDE
This course is good!
Basic, but very good
Excellent, Loved it!
simple and Efficient
Must attend for PMs.
Very good knowledge
it was very helpful
Outstanding Course.
Great AND EXEMPLARY
very good experence
Well explained ðŸ™ðŸ™
The best imprestion
gives me knowledge
very inspirational
very useful course
it was nice course
Highly Informative
Very interesting !
EXCELLENT TEACHER!
very knowledgable!
thank you so much
All of it helpful
Highly recommend!
its good knowlage
Was very helpful.
Loved this course
simple and useful
Very nice content
Great and helpful
Good start for PM
Very Good course!
It was very easy
A Great Course!!
It was so useful
Best Of learning
More than extent
Good for basics.
V good learning.
Great course for
good to go with.
Really great! :)
very helpfullll
It was worth it
Was very useful
Really great ðŸ‘
very satisfied.
Very structured
learned so much
Love this class
So good for me
Thanks a bunch
it was perfect
Easy to follow
Totally worthy
A Great Stater
This is great!
Simply Great !
Great Course !
Very Exciting.
Very impacful
Iam thankfull
loving it :-)
Just Perfect!
Interesting.
Too much fun
great one!!!
Great start!
incredible!
Good worth.
Great start
Just great!
good thing
Very Good!
Loved it !
Good start
it's a gr
Its great
Very hel
Very apt
Thanks
