I found this course to be derivative of the Project Launch course. There was little value added and a lot of repetition throughout the course. There was also the issue of the quiz questions not being specifically covered in the course material. For instance, in the Agile week 6 it was obvious the test questions were copied from an agile specific course as many of the questions were not covered and terms not defined in the previous course material.To improve, I would recommend to combine the Project Launch and Project Planning courses, and make it an 8 week course. With the additional course, create a course entirely devoted to Agile PM as this is an entirely different mindset with a different vocabulary than traditional PM.
Did not get deep into any issue. No real chance to discuss what was better or worse in any of the assignments after delivery (or before). Terrible planning of the activities. Lots of mistakes in the tasks and many times no clear scope of what should be done.
This course was a good way to get familiar and hands on with project planning paradigm. The instructor Margaret Meloni is truly excellent! Very inspiring and motivating! Just what a lone online student needs!
The course was very insightful on the entire project planning process. The exercises really helped to have a better grasp of the subject matter. The live sessions are really helpful and would have been of great worth for me if not for the important time difference preventing me from participating. The peer review concept really in the absence of live classroom exchanges helps to get other views and perspectives, and good illustrations: very insightful.  It was a pleasure learning from Margareth Meloni . She has been extremely helpful answering all questions submitted on the courses promptly and with required clarification
Slow start to the course, but the lectures pick up and become more relevant in the last few weeks.
Very useful skills were learned during this course.
Real active feedback from the instructor.
Project Planning, course 2 in the Applied Project Management course series was an excellent course that built off of the project management concepts introduced in Project Launch.  The material was engaging and sufficiently challenging.  The course load was high and at times difficult to manage but it was well worth it because of the wealth of information and knowledge I gained from participating in discussion and attempting assignments. Overall, an excellent course for a beginner/inexperienced project manager.
Another great course on the Project Management track. The most valuable lessons in this module are Cost Estimation, Scheduling and Resource Management, in my opinion. Plenty of good material and engaging work to finish the course with a high degree of satisfaction. Again, the value derived from  the course is directly related to how much time and effort one can commit. Definitely recommended.
Key concepts you can learn within this 6 weeks Project Planning course:· Differentiate between fixed price and cost reimbursable contracts.· Develop quality metrics for a project.· Perform a basic risk assessment.· Estimate the quantities and costs of resources required to perform project activities.· Identify differences in three common cost estimating techniques.· Estimate time durations and Differentiate between effort and duration.· Create a project network diagram. Determine the critical path and calculate float.· Create a project schedule. Define milestones. Define resource loading.· Agile Planning, Kanban Process, three techniques for estimating costs, Tuckman model, conflict resolution approach.
Margaret Meloni is a total delight. She makes learning fun and applicable to the real world. Take what you learn and apply it at work the next day. This is the best course I have taken in this sequence.
Very valuable information from this section of the four part course. Most of the info learned was used to some degree in my daily activities, or the concepts were considered and discussed or shared.
Awesome instructor!!!  She is absolutely the BEST!!  Her videos are very helpful and she makes herself available when you need her.  She explains in great detail so you can fully understand.
Margaret was great at providing feed back, her course videos were brief and to the point, and she was quick and replying back to any emails that were sent to better understand the material!
Margaret is a great teacher.  I found her style to be very helpful and approachable.  I have learned a lot in this class and am excited to get to use it going forward.
Margaret is an excellent teacher, and I learned a lot in this course! I definitely recommend it!
Very interesting and important information. Even if you are
I like this course. I learnt a lot from it.
Margaret Meloni is an excellent instructor.
