I have been quite disappointed by this class. There were no suggested readings in addition to the quite basic videos. But the worst were the quizzs. 90% of the answers to the multiple-choice questions were the top option!! I could have pass the tests without having listen to the videos. Were those tests or jokes? You should do this class only if you know absolutely nothing about economics, because this is the most basic class.
Is the lecturer a real person or a bot? Very monotonic and unengaging.
Really dreadful: absurdly fast progress, with really dry graphics, where they cover the history of economics in about 30 minutes! To make things worse, the lecturer (who doesn't appear in the videos) speaks incredibly fast, while graphs and bullet point lists fly by on the screen. There's not time to process the information and complicated terms and processes are explained in just a few seconds. I'm disappointed as it looked like an interesting course but doesn't live up to some of the really great courses available which employ great teaching and delivery.
Very disappointed in Professor Navarro
tai wan is not a country please
Outdated, not engaging, mostly opinion.
I do not like the course at all.
not that good
I wish I could rate this course higher but I didn't enjoy it and despite being 10/12 weeks into it, I'm going to stop now. The videos are hard to follow, the examples are few and far in between, some explanations (eg. exchange rates) are really poorly explained. I'm disappointed, I don't feel like I learned much!
This course helps set-up the basis of macroeconomics. Nonetheless, the course is rather "heavy" in information and notions I think (especially the complex graphics), in a nutshell I found it a bit to dense. As to the weekly tests they were  "too easy" since  th correct answer is usually the first option (quiz), which does not really help learning from its mistakes. As a consequence, the final test is pretty difficult because the answers are, on the contrary, random.
Too much contents in short lectures. Hard to catch up and to understand.The tests after each class are poorly designed. Most correct answers are the first choices.
i can't see the course teacher so it look like the all parts of course are the same
The lectures are not easy to understand.
80%+ of answers were the same position.
This course really helps me understand the basic logic behind the modern macro business world. The focus on the history of economic schools and world economy is a highlight which provides lively background for the dull economic concepts. But the blame on China for the sluggish US and world economy is very biased and selectively blind, because Prof. Peter Navarro is Trump's economic advisor. When he blames China for everything, he forgot one fact that the 2008 Financial Crisis and the resulting world recession were initially caused by the US, not China.  I respect Pro. Peter Navarro and really appreciate his teaching, but I don't think mixing too much personal bias into the public course is responsible and objective, and that's why I took two stars off.
I have to admit, this course greatly disappointed me from the beginning. The main reason is its title; it should have been "Macroeconomics of the USA". The instructor focuses too heavily on the US economy, which is partially understandable due to its significance, but I personally got tired of the endless supply of facts (and opinions) about US Presidents and their choices on US Macroeconomic Policy over the last 80 years.Other than that, the main concepts of Macroeconomics are presented with adequate detail. I had very little background in Economics but managed to grasp them rather easily. The presentations are pretty dull, however, with the professor mainly reading through the slides (which mind you are NOT in downloadable form).All in all, it's not a bad course, but there is great room for improvement.
The course allows to understand the basic concepts of macroeconomics. However, you should apply significant effort to understand, as the delivery is too fast and sometimes confusing. Moreover, the course is centered too much on the USA: the same historical examples are repeated multiple times, instead of providing some variety of global examples to help understand the concepts better. Moreover, the Professor's characterization of developing countries is oversimplified and awfully condescending. I personally was offended and would prefer not to listen to that particular lecture at all.
The course is quite comprehensive and teaches a lot of material in a very compact and concise manner.But a lot of concepts explained here or used to explain other concepts can confuse a beginner. I think for critical concepts more examples should be provided to give a more conceptual picture to the learner. Further all the warring school of economies should be taught in more detail and transparent manner. They really become confusing after all of them covered.I request Coursera and the course instructor to provide slides so that we can easily revise all the mentioned concepts. Taking notes becomes really chaotic at this speed when there are so many Graphs and curves.
A good overview of macroeconomic concepts. The best thing about the course is the first two modules which give a broad overview of the entire course and thus prepare us for what's coming next. But The use of Powerpoint slides throughout the course was quite boring. There were no in video quizzes. The forums are dead too. The quizzes for each week are very poorly designed - more than 90% of them have option A as correct answer. Also, the questions are directly taken from the video lectures. Lastly, there's undue emphasis on US economics and US politics.
I really liked that this course gave me a good general idea of how macroeoconomics works which I find important for personal finance and business decisions. However I feel that I was often left not understanding quite a few concepts, and had to go to khan academy to deepen certain concepts. I would have also liked if there were suggested reading chapters from the McGraw Hill book associated to each lecture as I belive this would have helped me follow the class better and increase my understanding of certain concepts.
The course discussed a great deal of very important information, but the instruction was very rushed, and often lacked the specific details needed - for example, formulas were sometimes left out, and it was assumed you could/would just "figure it out."  The quizzes were very detailed and specific - which I do not disagree with - but I feel as though they sometimes focused on minutiae rather than large or critical concepts.There were also several spelling and grammar mistakes throughout the quizzes.
More comprehensive tests are needed. Very poor part on developing markets - all 9 recommendations are not in consistency with development factors and historic experience. Industrialization with protectionism always goes first, trade and open market is a next step and not a remedy. NO attention to innovation and upward return of industrial production
this course was relatively difficult for undergraduate first year student like me, there was ambiguity in certain concepts and topics and it was a lot to take in as a whole. but it was quite informative and the examples made  the understanding easier. all in all it was a good course.
It presents a lot of different aspect of macro economics in a really short time which is good. But because of that, it doesn't give a good understandings of each problem. Nice introduction, but I will start another class on the subject which I would have liked to avoid.
Content is great but hasn't been updated in a while. Additionally, the lack of downloadable slides doesn't make things easier as well.The course is a good starting point if someone has never studied macroeconomics.
The course is well structured and very interesting. However, more examples from across the globe will make it a tad bit more intriguing for non - US students.
Presentation slides could've been better prepared. The quiz could've thrown the right answers after finishing. But it was very informative overall
Good introductory course. The lectures can be quite slow and boring. There is a very USA-centric view.
Very subjective. Mathematics not involved. However, a very comprehensive course for beginners.
Is not a completed and structured course. It needs more examples to get the idea exactly
Good course, but Mr. Navarro's opinions on China are famously radical and biased.
I am having difficulty in  understanding  it.The concepts go by way too fast..
I felt overwhelmed by too much information all of a sudden in each lesson.
can be more better if the tutor intracts and can give more solid examples
I recommend to achieve the audio-visual material been more interactive.
CHIINA NO.1 AND TAIWAN IS NOT A COUNTRY!
Very good and to-the-point introduction of macro-economics. The historical perspective (although exclusively from a US viewpoint) is really useful and helps to understand different historical events like the Volcker Shock. Main strength of the course is the use of real-world examples and numbers to illustrate macro-economic concepts. Navarro has outspoken (but interesting)  points of view on China and the importance of bilateral trade deficits which deviate from mainstream views, so  some caution is warranted.
This course provides suffient yet a little bit too academic details about macroeconomics. Given a more cautious political attitude towards China, the course would deserve a five-star.
A useful introductory course on Macroeconomics. The workload is doable and deadlines are flexible. The professor also tries to give historical or real-world examples to further give a better understanding on the topics being discussed.
I enjoyed a lot the course. Every Brazilian is a soccer coach and an economist, so I was very confortable with the topics and most of the content was more or less known, indeed. The best is that it does not seem to follow excessively on a ideological line. It seems to be open minded. I think it is great!Its excessive focus on industrialized countries is understandable. I think the last module about developing world seems too simplistic. I also think that opinions about american positions in the economic arena and happenings is somehow benevolent.I expected a more mathematical approach, but I see that it may not make sense since it is a introductiory course. I have not liked the exams, though, specially the final exam. They are much more about memorizing than deep understanding.
Great course. Very easy to understand, effective slides, somewhat challenging tests, clear voice by the professor, professionally done. The only gripe I have is feeling like I did not learn as much as I wanted to. I do not think this is reflective of the professor or his style, it may have to do more with the subject. Macroeconomics is a social science, not much intense, groundbreaking material. Overall good, I would suggest it if you want a broad understanding of macroeconomic theories, the history, and its implications.
This was a good course to support macroeconomics studies in another university. I particularly liked doing the quizzes after every module, and the exam at the end. Had this been my only source of macroeconomics studies, I probably would have found the videos too short and information packed. For a European student, this also has too much emphasis on the US economy and who-did-what rather than what was done. Still worth doing for sure.
Very Good course for beginners in Economics. Very well explained principles using real-life examples and history as well. One thing I might suggest is maybe update the course regularly so that some of the things you say about developing nations are consistent with what is actually being observed today. I'm from Kenya as it is and I found some of the material very media-sensitized for developed nations.
I'm quite happy with this course, and I definitely feel that having improved my understanding of the basic principles of macroeconomics, my understanding of other concepts in related fields of study will improve as well. My only complaint is that I felt that the explanation of calculating structural and cyclical debt was incomplete, and I was unable to follow the lecturer.
Frankly, This class is a little bit like a history class of Macroecnomics, which can definitely help you learn the basic ideas and evolvement of the subject. However, as an engineer background student,  maybe there are too many "what" without "why" , which makes me feel difficult to get the logic behind the conclusions.
Really solid analysis from Trump's top economic advisor. I point that out as a warning before you start, but it was really and truly a useful and well-taught course. I highly recommend it. Best to come into the course with some level of background in economics, but Prof. Navarro breaks things down well in the videos.
Good introductory courses to macro-economy. Don't cost too much time each week and you learn a lot. But due to its brevity, many materials can not go deep. Especially for the last two weeks, the materials are mostly descriptive, lacking scientific models. I have to search for other materials to better understand it.
Although the course cover everything there can be in Macro-economics, the course is tightly bound with US economy. Also the questions, some of them, in quiz are exact from the slides. I think there could have been changes. None the less, it was best thing i have learnt in past 6-12 months. Awesome going through it.
Well managed and full of examples course. It reflects well the "state of the art" of modern macroeconomics, but fails in giving a large perspective on the other macroeconomics schools. Overall it can be a glorious start in learning macroeconomics, explaining well the basis for a more deep study. Recommended.
I enjoyed very much taking this course. It helped me to refresh most of my macroeconomics knowledge as well as getting a good perspective of the impact of financial policies and the various schools of economics. I missed though some reading material to get deeper in some of these learnings.
Excellent course. As it teaches all the fundamental on the macroeconomics and grained better understanding on the circular flow of money and the various monetary theories. This is helpful as since in daily lives we came upon the daily news of whats happening in the Globe.
This course breaks down macroeconomics to a level that a beginner can understand, however, I wish the instructor had made available downloadable notes in either PDF or PowerPoint with the examples, graphs, key points etc. It would have been very helpful as study tools.
The course material is good but please make the tests a bit more engaging and moreover why do most of the answers have to be the first option? The quality of the quiz is low, the questions do not encourage us to think and options are poorly arranged.
I spent 2 hours per week learning the video lessons and managed to pass weekly quiz. However, passing final exam requires more time on reviewing. Overall, the lecture is clear and comprehensive, and it helps me to understand the real world better!
tl;dr : I recommend it.Good introduction to macroeconomics. Gives lots of insights and mechanisms. Long course, but it was necessary. A second part would be much appreciated, maybe with more econometrics to give a measure to all these effects.
Brilliant course; really well structured. Modules aren't too arduous - just the right amount of time spent on each, and applicable to the real world. As a European, I would have preferred more global, less US-centric examples/case studies.
Either lecture slides should be provided or the lecture should be held in continuous writing format(in which the instructor explains things by writing) instead of explaining using pre-prepared slide(saves time and helps in note-making)
Enjoyable and informative course.  Possible room for improvement areas were that it felt as though the information and delivery were dated and a few of the quiz questions had 2 correct answers (unless I was very much mistaken)
Great refreshment or intermediary/intro course- too much focus on the US system at first and perhaps a disproportionate focus on schools of thought, but extremely useful, pragmatic and learner friendly.
Very concise introduction into macroeconomics. The powerpoint presentation can however still be improved. Sometimes reading directly from the slides makes it hard for the learner to follow the lecture.
A great introductory course which covers almost all of the important topics of Macroeconomics. However, it is entirely US-centric and presents a very dim picture in the lecture on developing economies.
good study for everyone!could be improved the vizualization: there's only slides and voice over them. the connection to the history facts permit a deeper understanding of the subject!really reccomended
I think the best part of this course is its diversity. The course is so well structured that theories of several important school of economics are discussed, with their applications in the history.
Good course, though could use a few more examples to work over math and graphical concepts.  Shuffle the answers to quiz questions more.  When in doubt, guessing "A" was nearly always correct.
PPts could have been provided for future references and was very interesting to learn the principles with examples. Some pdfs could have been provided for numericals as support material.
Great program. I spent most of my summer and fall completing this great online course. Now I understand a little bit better the Fiscal Policy and Monetary policy!ThanksAlejandro.
The course is definitely helpful in introducing the macroeconomics topics, but Self Study and further reading on the topics is required to completely understand the topics.
very lucid explanation of macro economics concepts and very rational linkage with the Historical perspective, can include some more insight on developing country like India
Too many subjects in one course: suggest to split the course into two.Update content with current/recent cases.Consider adding open end & reflective questions to the tests
Great content and organization. One star off because lectures tend to be dense with information and there is a lack of repetition for the more complex concepts.
Liked the historical approach. Also a lot of practical examples. Unfortunately the video format is less lively than a lecture recorded in public.
1. This course is not easy for a person without systematic training on economics. 2. This course provides a lot of information for the learner.
This course illustrated the basic concepts of macroeconomics, and it would help you to learn deeper. But, the teching way is a little boring.
Good primer on various Macroeconomic concepts, with real world examples. The examples/ anecdotes are however restricted mainly to the USA.
In the Quiz section, wrong answers should have the explanation with solutions given, for the candidate to understand where he went wrong.
A very good and informative course! Really helpful examples and extremely clear concepts for people being introduced to Economics!
Good--some explanations were lacking or he jumped to some answers without explaining how he got there, but it was good overall.
Would have liked some applicable projects -- otherwise, fun class. The material was well taught and simple to understand.
More explanations using graphs would be helpful in better understanding how to use graphs to represent economic phenomena
An excellent course for someone who has no background of macro-economics. The self-paced nature was quite amazing.
The course content is really good. However, in the last module, some sentence restructuring would be appreciated.
Good guide of Macroeconomics, but there are some sensitive contents for learners of China in the last few weeks.
Concepts are explained in clear and efficient manner. However more emphasis should be laid on problem solving.
It's very useful and interesting, but sometimes not very obvious statements are being discussed very briefly.
Very good introduction into the history of macroeconomic theory. Would have loved to go a bit slower though!
Nice Course.However, it will better to have the slides. It is hard to review a specific concept with videos.
very interesting courses, but there is written material that you can go when you want to refresh concepts.
This course is very well structured and provides an overall glimpse of the vast field of Macro Economics.
There should be a discussion forum to ask doubts. However, It´s a great course I really enjoy doing
sometimes the graphs were very unclear ad I couldn't get a access to the study material and graphs
I like the way this course was structured and the clear presentation from Professor Navarro.
For someone who has no background on macroeconomics, this course taught me a great deal.
Good introduction to the world of Macroeconomics with rundown on real world principles.
no. of weeks must be printed on the certificate  rest of all is perfect and usfull too
Offers immense knowledge about the macroeconomics and its impact on the real world.
Excellent overview! it's nice to find out how the things are tied together...
I consider it a small course, because you can make one or two lessons by day
Great course, shows a clear overview of the world economy and how it works.
It has been possible to learn a basic framework of Macroeconomics.
Engaging presentation; maybe slides resolution could be improved
Well paced course with a wide overview if a bit americo-centric
nice explanation of concepts. good for newbies to the domain
Answers are always the first option. I don't like that.
Good Resource especially For AS-level of Alevels
ery thorough and fast paced-just a little dry.
it's quite good I think. I learns a lot.
The videos and content were engaging.
A really good introduction to Macro!
Very good. It gives me many insight
Very thorough and analytical
Great course. Recommended.
Great. Really informative
Comprehensive!
An excellent explanation of Macroeconomics with plenty of real life examples throughout history. I would recommend to anyone who is interested to have a real life perspective of Macroeconomics.
This course is very easy to understand for a total novice like me. There is still more to learn about macroeconomics but this course provides the necessary background to give you a head start!
This course is very easy to understand for a total novice like me. There is still more to learn about macroeconomics but this course provides the necessary background to give you a head start!
The course is so well-organized that helps me to accomplish a systematic understanding about the field. Beyond that, thanks to the Professor, I now feel more keen on learning about this.
A good course to have a good foundation of macroeconomics. Enjoyed the theory behind supply & demand, implications of political and economic policies and how it drives the actions of governments. I could recommend this course to anyone interested for a good foundation in macroeconomics
Very informative course to get a basic understanding of the pivotal and indispensable concepts of Macroeconomics and to embark on a life-long journey of studying the tenets of this beautiful science.
The course helps you to have an insight about a lot of concpets in a really less amount of time. Moreover, most of the concepts are being explained with real life examples in a very well planned way
Great course which learns you macroeconomics through US economy history and real economic situations. it's really help you to understand why things happen in the world from economic stand point.
This was an instructive course with lots of examples of the US economy and with a great explanation and tests, nevertheless sometimes I lacked some examples from the other parts of the world.
I had Macroeconomics in University. Over there I saw a lot of equations and economic ideas. This course was extremely useful to organize these ideas and to put them into historical perspective. Prof. Navarro really focus on practical issues e.g. why some ideas got left behind as they were unable to solve real life economic challenges. Economists benefit from taking this course as they merge into reality and can do a mental exercise of applying their formulas to the examples given. They can also learn how to comunicate with professionals from other areas and what society expects from them (in what regards Macroeconomics). Non-economists benefit from a broad and very elucidative view of Macroeconomics. This course is a rampart full of examples of how Macro affects our lifes.
I am a software developer who did not know much about economics and macroeconomics when I started this course. I think this course does a really good job giving an introduction to macroeconomics by explaining the main schools of thought and the open questions between them.The course is very rich of examples that are very practical and simple to understand. The exercises make you think and help consolidating what you are learning.As a hint for future learners, compare your understanding of the financial news before and after you've taken the course. It's pretty amazing how many things you will pick up that you were clueless about before.
It is actually an amazing course, as it helps you understand the basic knowledge of Macroeconomics. It is really helpful to see a big picture, from different perspectives. I really liked that we analyzed macroeconomics through history and looked at theories proposed by Keynesians, Monetarists, Classical and New Classical economists as well, plus Supply Siders. On my own studies, I have messed up these views and could not understand some contradictory theories, so this course helped me to organize all my existing knowledge and improved my understanding of economics as a whole. I enjoyed this course. Thanks a lot for your assistance.
I completed both units in this series provided by UCI, The Power of Microeconomics and The Power of Macroeconomics, and found them both to be very worthwhile.  Throughout each, complex technical concepts are explained clearly and simply using real-life examples, calculations are demonstrated step by step, and everything that's taught is so useful in day-to-day life.  Also, being from Australia, it was really interesting to learn basic economics from the US perspective (for free!) and I'm very grateful to both UCI and Coursera for providing this opportunity.  Thank you!
I really liked this course and would recommend it to anyone who would like to extend his/her macroeconomic knowledge base. The lectures build upon each other in a very comprehensive way and Dr. Navarro gives great examples whenever explaining the theory. I also like Dr. Navarro’s voice and pronunciation; it is very easy to listen to him. The only point of critique I can think of is the pace of the lectures in some parts of the lectures; it is sometimes a bit fast. All in all it was a great course! I rediscovered my passion for economics.
A very interesting course on the fundamentals of Macroeconomics, providing a most useful insight into the major Schools and their principles.  The course helps in understanding the most important functions of macroeconomics. It boosts reading the financial environment  and the analysis of the specific macroeconomic context. The pace of delivery was perfectly tuned, it was rich in information, the lecturer has been understandable and communicative in terms of distance learning, the examples have been abundant. Highly recommended.
A great course! Whether you are simply interested in applying some concepts into your life, or a student (like myself) looking to brush up/or learn economics, this is a great intro course! I especially love the module overview at the beginning of each week. I usually copy and paste "key questions" into Evernote, and answer them when I'm watching the videos. Then I would review the Q&A before and after each quiz.  It turns out to work great for me! Thanks for making this course available on Coursera!
Well done. Logical progression of learning, good examples, clearly spoken. There were quite a few spots where sound or video cut out for several minutes while the other (either sound or video) continued to work. Not sure if it was my computer or a course issue. One quiz (i believe week 10 or 11) had a question with two right answers. You could either choose 3) all of the above or 4) answers 1&2 (which were both correct). I believe '4' was the correct answer. Very well created overall...nice job.
This was a great course. I have taken the microeconomics and personal finance course but this one was by far the best. I really enjoyed learning the concepts that explain a lot of what I read in the papers. My favorite subject was how the Fed puts money into or removes money from the economy by buying or selling government bonds and what effect that and other Fed policies have on the economy. In any case this was a very neat course that was way more interesting than I thought.Regards,Neno
This course is very easy to understand for a total novice like me. There is still more to learn about macroeconomics but this course provides the necessary background to give you a head start!Agood course to have a good foundation of macroeconomics. Enjoyed the theory behind supply & demand, implications of political and economic policies and how it drives the actions of governments. I could recommend this course to anyone interested for a good foundation in macroeconomics
i am a student of Indian Central University. I joined this course and got Certificate after completion of The Power of Macroeconomics: Economic Principles in the Real World. This course is very helpful for personal and professional life. If you are a student of Economics you should check it out once. Thanks Coursera and Thanks to UCI. My specially Thanks to Almighty Teacher Dr. Peter Navarro.
I really enjoyed and learned a lot from this course in Macroeconomics on Coursera. What I really loved about this course is the way it is structured around the discussion of major macroeconomic concepts in a historical context and how the subject has evolved and continues to evolve. Short videos and knowledge test quizzes add to the fun. Prof. Peter Navarro does a fantastic job here!
As a IT guy, I started this course to help myself in planning personal investments. As stated in course, it didn't disappointed on what I was looking and helped me lot in understanding the Economic consideration for real investment. Enjoyed the course by exploring the new world. I would strongly recommend this course those  who can make better plan for their financial investments.
Before joining this course on Coursera, I had a little knowledge of economics. This course helped me to conceptualize the basics of macroeconomics. Now I am able to correlate the business environment or decisions to my job, salary hikes & other factors.Thanks to Faculty members from University of California, Irvine to provide such valuable & informative course content.
Very interesting review of Macroeconomics for newcomers. It's long, it's meant for non economists and it still full of interesting details. You can tell there is some of his view of the world in it but he is fair to show you all of the main schools and how they interact with each other using historic examples.  I wrote about 120 pages of notes while doing this course.
Astounding! Even though I have passed quite a few Economics classes in university, from Introductory level to Intermediate and Advanced, this course provided really valuable insights, presented in the best possible manner, with rich real-world background, history, application. I definitely recommend it to anyone interested in business, world economy or even politics.
Useful for the beginners with no economic background. English is a great advantage, since one has to check the terms in one's own language, developing language skills. The only drawback for me is that by the time I finished some lessons (which could take up to five days), I had forgotten a lot of material (especially the formulas), so I had to go back and revise.
Thanks for this course, I really learned something about macroeconomics, though it's just the basic principles, also I have to admit this course is not as easy as I thought, it did take me some efforts to digest the content and to pass it. Now I'm looking forward to further study for this discipline. I hope these knowledge can be useful in my future career.
Professor Navarro used very docile, easy to understand language and the course flowed very smoothly. His way of relating Macroeconomics with real world events is commendable. He's definitely one of the best instructors I have ever got in my life.This was most satisfying of my accomplishments that stemmed from my own interest. I'm very happy to complete it.
I loved this course! Every subject was treated very throughly and with a historical view that allows you to understand major events in world's history. Also, every concept was explained very clearly through simple words and examples. I would recommend this course to any economics fan, such as myself, that has no prior studies on the matter.
An excellent introduction to macroeconomics that boils down the basics. A great supplement for someone learning to invest or thinking about where the economy is going and their future place in it. The only criticism is that it is, understandably, United States of America centric (considering recorded economic history and the professor).
These have been interesting 13 weeks with huge beneficial and important information and concepts that helped me a lot to figure out the importance of Macroeconomics and further develop knowledge, I would like to thank everybody, who worked on this course and the Coursera team for giving such and opportunity to learn!
This is an amazingly eye-opening course.  It is a challenging and informative course, which is a great thing.  I am very grateful to have participated in such a high quality course and to have had the privilege of encountering this great professor a second time (Finance fof Non Finance....MBA Insights).  Thank you.
its awesome. all i can say i have further more increased my macroeconomics skills which i have learned in my school as well as 1 and 2 year of my college. there are certain new concepts which i was not aware of and thus this course helped me in getting understand those major concepts very well.thanks coursera
A very interesting course that teaches Macroeconomics through history and practical examples that makes you see economics not as a boring subject but as something to conceptualize. I really enjoyed the course and I encourage any one looking to understand macroeconomics to enroll for the course.
Really nice work, explaining macroeconomics in the context of evolution made it interesting and easy to understand. great work professor.Tried to understand the macroeconomics from the textbooks, it was increasingly difficult until the context of evolution was not accompanied to the theories.
Simply amazing, this course was exactly what I expected, and a little bit further. If you need a good background in Macroeconomics, I strongly recommend that Course. Prof Peter Navarro, explains in a easy way and the course is well structured. Thank you Coursera and Professor Peter Navarro.
Great course. I specially did this course during CovID-19 lockdown. The US / India governments were already taking a lot of measures to fight the economic contraction on a daily basis. The examples given in this course helped me co-relate the concepts taught with real-world actions taken.
A very interesting course. The instructional methods used
meant the relevance of the course material to personal and professional
decision-making processes was clear. The use of Okun’s law was a particularly
powerful pedagogical tool and one that I will use in my classroom.
The course has given me a thorough insight into many of the macroeconomic issues, that the world is susceptible to. I can definitely say that I am now better placed in understanding the Macroeconomic aspects. The syllabus covered as part of the course was very thorough.
Very well explained and not too fast. The quizzes were challenging but fair. I can totally recommend this course, because it gives you a good insight in macroeconomics and was not too theoredical. I also would like to thank Cousera for this great learing opportunity.
This Course provides a solid footing in the know-how and application of Macroeconomics Principles in simple and difficult situations. I would recommend this course for anyone who is concerned about the implications their business decisions can make on their reality.
I'm really impressed. The course structure is too rational which helps me to strengthen my confidence in the macroeconomy. A ton of thanks to Coursera, University of California Irvine, and especially to Prof Peter Navarro from deep of my heart for the whole course.
I am already studying economics for three years, but this course is helpful. I liked learning about each school of thought. My university's modules are mostly technical and do not go through the history and evolvements of science. So, I enjoyed the video lectures.
To say that Mr. Navarro is an outstanding teacher would be an understatement. Not only is he a fabulous professor, but he's an amazingly interesting charachter and I encourage all students to take this course, or any course, with him. This course was outstanding!
Clear and compelling presentation of complicated material which impacts my life on a daily basis.Find that I can actually critically understand the discussions and theories about the 2008 recession. Thirsting for more knowledge about macro and global economics.
It teaches concepts from a very entertaining historical point of view. Very recommended if you don't know (almost) anything about macroeconomics. To better understand this course, I would highly recommend to first complete the companion microeconomics course.
It is an excellent course on macroeconomics. Whatever level of macroeconomics you know, this is a must take course for you. Although some of the concepts could have been explained in more detail in later weeks' lectures, nevertheless, it is a great course.
I didn't do this type of course before. When I first select this topics because of my curiosity and started to watch and found something different. I am a student of economics but seems to me dismal. Now it seems I am learning from. Good work. Love it!
This course is very valuable for me to reinforce my fundamental knowledge about Economics especially Macroeconomics. This course not only provide basics theories of economics, it's also give me many practical examples that I can apply to the real life.
I took a CLEP macroeconomics exam solely based on the contents of this course, and I scored 74/80. Because of it, I did not have to take a macroeconomics course in the college and also learned everything I would have learned in the college course.
One of the best courses around in Coursera, with intensive contents and quizzes. At the end of these two courses (I took the Microeconomics as well), I totally grasped the fact that "economics is not something to memorize, but to conceptualize"!!
This course is very useful, which introduces the basic economic theories, and not very hard. This class, however, still have space to improve by adding more practices to the students rather than pure theories, which will make this class better.
This course is good and quite useful, as a Macroeconomics assistance, it helps me to learn more thoroughly and I can learn to way to teach my students, in a more comprehensive way , besides ,it's free of charge, really good for me, thanks!
A practical course on macroeconomics, and I particularly liked the structure of the material, as this was presented from a historical concept. I learned a lot, and am now looking forward to studying the accompanying microeconomics course!
Rather than a lecture on Macroeconomics the course is designed as a journey through history explaining the right and wrong macro economic decisions taken by the US Policy makers. Definitely a must for Finance and Economics enthusiasts!
Clear course with a fast pace. Some ideas are just mentioned in class, while reading the textbook could greatly help in understanding them. In addition, not seeing the instructor but only the slides did take me some time to accomodate.
I learned a lot for this course in a very short amount of time.  It was very easy for me to understand many of the concepts taught by the instructor.  This course should assist me as I take Macroeconomics during my freshman yea
great course! It explains all the important macroeconomics theories in an easy-to-understand way. I found it particularly useful for people who do not have economic background but look for a quick and comprehensive overview.
This is the best of all introductory course i have tried so far. I have had all basic principles of macroeconomics in a matter of 10 weeks. The instructors if awesome. His material presentation style is attractive.I enjoyed
This course is a must for beginners & also for academics. This course helps to build the ability to analyze the reason behind an economic downturn or boom, adopting different economic policies, trade policies and many more.
The contents of the course was very useful in relating theories of economics with the real world polices. It has definitely improved my core economics knowledge. Thank Professor Navarro and UCI for such insightful course.
The presentation is succinct and the course touches on all the key areas of macroeconomics. It would be great, however, if it were easier to review a completed quiz and find out why a wrong answer provided was incorrect.
I Liked the idea of running a Marathon course on How Macroeconomics Principles could be relatively applied in the real world through concepts and ideas. I was able to apply these principles in Indian Economic scenario.
The course is a little bigger than others available by other universities. But it is straight to the point, so you don't waste time listening to soft things that aren't directly connected to the core of the subject.
Good course to get an introduction to the various aspects of Macro economics. It's not too technical - created in a manner that's easy to understand. The examples are good and the quizzes help in identifying gaps.
A very knowledgeable course. Instructors explanations are very cleared and detailed. Economics was never one of my purpose, but after this course, am ready to pursue more economics-related courses. Thank you.
I like the course structure, Syllabus and concept . It would be great if you provide reading material. But overall professor lecture and content is good. Hope to learn something like this in future also.
I liked very much! I found it is up to day. The order and the information of the program is very appropiated. The  voice of Dr Navarro is very clear. I can advise other persons to take this course.
Very complete course, the most a I liked is that is reality oriented, it gives examples in the real world, so you can learn how to use this knowledge in real world situations in the future,
A very good course with clear and easy delivery for those not familiar with basic macroeconomics logic and topics. It provides a good foundation of the subject, thanks to Dr. Peter Navarro!
The power of Macroeconomics: Economics principle of the Real World has help me better understand why nations enter into trades with one another, and also various macroeconomic models
is pretty difficult for a non- economics student , but the presentation is really clear and easy to understand.  spend more than the stated time required to learn the course module.
very informative and descriptive study. Quite satisfied with the Professor's method of relating historical examples with todays economy which helped me clear the concepts in depth.
this class has very specific knowledge point. I used to thought macroeconomics is very abstract but in this class, it has been told clearly and interestingly.I highly recommend it.
Brilliantly designed course.  Being an engineer by profession, this course has enabled me perceive the overall macroeconomics from a birds eye view. Thank you Professor Navarro...
A real champion course. Rigorous lectures but very neatly explained.  The exams are interesting and equally challenging. It surely provides a feeling of real sense of achievement.
Nice teaching method and straight foward classes. I recommend it for everyone willing to understand the basics and to get a gut felling about how a country econonomy can perform.
This is a Great Course, if anyone wanted to learn the art of applying macroeconomic principles in the real world scenarios then get enrolled to thid course...Thanks Coursera...
Very fruitful contents, and Professor explains everything with the good examples, so it was really easy to understand. I am thinking to enroll the MicroEcon course of him, too!
It was indeed great  spending all these time learning concepts of macroeconomics that will help me in understanding International economic relations and economy of a nation
Great insight into the world of macroeconomics taught in a manner that keeps the models relevant to its implementations in our actual society. Very well constructed course.
Great overview with sufficient depth of the topic! Loved the link to history and explanation along what happened so far and we came to realize what works and what doesn't!
THE BEST COURSE EVER, THE TEACHER WILL  MAKE YOUR CONCEPTS CRYSTAL CLEAR. I WILL SURELY RECOMMEND IT YO ANYONE WHO WNATS TO EXPAND HIS KNOWLEDGE OF FINANCE AND ECONOMICS.
Dear Prof.Dr Peter Navarro! Thanks for this great course. The course taught me new knowledge in macroeconomics. Thanks for all! I recommend this course to everyone !!!
This was a great refresher for me - have not studied macro for 20 years in undergrad courses. I found the material to be logical and easy to conceptualize as a result.
Though hard in the beginning,I gradually catch up with the pace and acquire the knowledge and examples that I need. By the way,there are minor errors in the script.
Interesting, informative, jam packed with information. Economics don't make a ton of sense to me but the information was presented in clear and easy to follow ways
Professor Navarro delivers the contents of this course in both a concise and digestible manner. Great learning experience and introduction to the world of Macro.
Difficult concepts explained in simple terms.Smart use of tables and charts.Quizzes that were challenging but not too  difficult for the learners  to attempt.
Great Class!I like that the Professor encourages understanding the concept than memorizing.In the long run, understanding will always triumph over memorizing.
Very good course. Practical and clear. A little too much math on some very specific lessons that frankly are too abstract but in general, its a great course.
Very well designed class that provided excellent lessons into fundamental macroeconomic principles as well as very good real life connections and examples.
Very detailed course with examples and appropriate explanations . Ideal for anyone willing to understand macroeconomics and its working in the real world.
Very interesting and well delivered material, that gives understanding of what macroeconomics is even to those who have had no idea of what it is before.
It was really good.  The professor explains the concepts in a easy and understandable way. However, a previous background  in economics would be better.
Great Course.  I feel like I have a grasp on the  concepts taught in and introductory Macroeconomics course.  I passed my CLEP exam with flying colors!
Thank You Prof. Peter, Thank You UCI and Special Thanks to Coursera to Provide me this opportunity , always want to stay connect with all, Thank you.
An exceptional course to understand some of the basic fundamental principles driving globalization and economic policies, both internal and external
I really enjoyed this course am so proud its one of the best core economics course that I have ever to attend am so happy that I have completed it
Great introduction to the world of macro economics. Easy to follow, clear explanations of key concepts and a story teller style that catch you in.
Very interesting course. History of Macroeconomics is a little bit boring. I forgot it immediately after exam. But everything else is very good!
Excellent course and presentation with basic to advance level of understanding. This has been a great help in thorough understanding of subject.
I am a brazilian economic studant  and It was an amazing experience learn about macroeconomic at UCI. I hope to starting another course soon.
Great course...great ideas...great learning. Thanks coursera for providing a scholarship on this course. I really appreciate your generosity.
Good course to learn fundamentals about macroeconomics. Good as a Segway into more advanced economic courses, but also just good on its own.
Extremely helpful course. Helps to dive deeper into economic concepts. Very beautifully explained. I'm glad I signed up for this course.
One of the finest introductory courses in macroeconomics.. Would like more such courses  from the, Professor pitched at higher levels.
Amazing sir ,but can we have about different models like indian model of growth or emerging markets economics.......best course so far
Very good and practical course, so engaging I completed it in 3 days having started it without knowing any thing about macroeconomics
I think it is a really good course, because the professor combine the book with knowledge vividly，which help me learn it more easier.
Professor Navarro has great teaching style. He makes learning easy and fun. His delivery is witty and humorous. Thank you professor
Very good online class if you are taking AP Macroeconomics in high school. Gives a good overview and serves as a great study guide!
The course is fantastic and gave me the background needed to better understand the macroeconomic principles that govern the world.
It is a very nice course, very complete, with a easy language. I really enjoyed and learned a lot! Thank you for the opportunity!
Very well designed and comprehensive course explaining Economic Principles along with its roots in history. Strongly recommended.
Amazing course which really adds value helping to find out how processes in global economy may affect life and business of an ind
A great course for beginners who are interested in Macroeconomics. And I hope there would be more recommended reading available.
Great course in building up the foundation of knowledge about Macroeconomics and its importance in global economies and politics
Provided useful insights on the historical economic events that related to each school of thought's existence!I learned a lot!
It was a great opportunity to learn more about macroeconomics having at the same time fun. Well done and perfectly explained
An informative and lively introduction into the subject. Perfect for someone completely new to the field of macroeconomics.
I learned from this course. Now I can better consume macroeconomic news and apply them to make better investment decisions.
It was challenging at times, having to remember all the formulas and technicalities. But, that is economics, I suppose! (:
I was a novice in macroeconomics, but after completing this course I got most of my ideas clear. Thanks to Prof. Navarro.
Very well organized. Professor Navarro's lecturing was very clear. All key topics were thoroughly and clearly explained.
The course was simplified and easy to understand. Wish the quizzes were more difficult that would test our knowledge.
I've listened to several of Peter Navarro's courses before on audio book, and found this one to be equally enjoyable.
I have got the opportunity to learn something I love and something out of my field of expertise. Thank you Coursera.
I liked that I was able to study it on my own time rather than on a weekly deadline which made it much more flexible
Great course. Well organized. Wish we can have access to the slides as it allows for better review of the material.
Loved this course.   A little over my head but very interesting how economies work between us and  other countries.
Thanks for the course! I've pretty much refreshed the knowledge on the subject ever since I've studied it in uni.
very lean and organized course. right to the essence and explained in easy-going language.   quite appreciated it
very good introduction for non specialistbeautiful, simple and powerful frameworks user to explain the concepts.
The topics in this course were well explained and detailed. I learnt a lot about the history of macroeconomics.
I am currently at the beginning, but what I have seen so far is lectures and material of exceptional quality!
Excellent course, very well explained all the topics and given by an outstanding master like Peter Navarro!!
A little difficult for non native english speakers due the complexity of the terms, but I certainly love it.
Great course about principles of economics. Nowadays, the most of economists forget thus history of economy.
it's good to learn the macroeconomic principle, it is maybe better for using mathematical formula than now.
It covers the main of topics in macroeconomics with examples and clear videos that go straight to the point
Very useful course that is helpful for me both personal and professional life to take financial decisions.
Amazing lectures and really really informative...super awesome prof too....really enjoyed the courseThanks
I do recommended to all student who have interests into learning about how this world change in economics
great course with wide coverage, really liked numerous real life examples, primarily historical ones :)
The course is awesome. I've learnt a lot from it and I understand much more the world we all live in.
By far the most excellent courses online for the career your looking to continue your education ! :)
Really pushes a student to study each class really well. It takes a lot of time but we learn a lot.
I enjoyed the course very much. Very clear presentations and no need for background in economics.
it was a very interesting course and quite tactical and calculating i really enjoyed the course.
I am really grateful for the oppurtunity to do this course! I am sure that it helped me a alot!
Very satisfied with this course. It certainly improves my understanding of the macroeconomics.
Perfect course to either learn or update your conversational understanding of macro economics.
Very good course to understand how policies of governments and central banks affect our life.
This course has been very helpful and makes me understand more about how the economy works.
Very nice course on Macro economics. Meets expectations for me as a beginner in economics!!
It is a superb course , and I have learnt some useful points in these videos and questions.
Very deep and gives a good understanding of the basics of macroeconomics for non economists
From this course, I learnt a lot about macro economics and how it affects our daily lives
The description of concepts is simple and clear. The examples are relevant and critical.
Learn it if you want to know how that the United States is sinking her boats by herself.
Very easy to understand. Learnt concepts of Macroeconomics without a classroom training.
The professor teaches in a clear and concise manner. Incredibly helpful! Thank you :)!
Very lucid and easy to understand. Doesn't incorporate any math whatsoever. 5 stars.
This is an excellent course comprising of relevant economic history and principles.
This is a very interesting course, helps me to understand better Financial issues.
Really love the pace and content. I wish the course was more interactive though.
Very excellent mooc lessons and great interesting and enjoying studying process.
Extremely good course. I found it interesting and helpful. The prof is amazing.
Via historical view, it's very comfortable to remember the economic principles.
Was an excellent course. Did give many new practical aspects of Macroeconomics
very good course for me, except the unstable Chinese vpn, anything is perfect.
The course gives a well balanced overview of main economic schools of thought.
it was just great . you can learn many important topic of macroeconomics here
Very good course it help you understand many things regardless global economy
Absolutely useful and practical material and resource, perfect !!! You are #1
Nice comprehensive course helps to understand to the basics of Macroeconomics
The course gives a broad and interesting overview about economic principles.
This is course great for a beginner who wants to know about macroeconomics.
This course is one of a kind in helping you to excel in the finance world.
Excellent course, learnt basic and indepth knowledge about macroeconomics
This course was a very good as I started to study Macroeconomic recently.
This course is very beneficial. As it clears my basics for macroeconomics
Excellent course to understand the broad principles of Macro Economics !
It is of huge value to those who have none to some exposure in economics
Excellent and well structured course in Macroeconomics by Prof. Navarro.
This course is awesome, I really enjoy learning with this course, tqvm.
Some concepts should be taught with more explanation, Like AS-AD curve.
A very good introduction to macroeconomics from an applied perspective.
Great course, albeit affected by several app flaws previously reported.
after completing the course you will add something on your career goal
One of the best courses I've ever learned by University of California!
professor peter is amazing and i would love to do some work under him
Comprehensive and very applicable to current jobs.  Highly recommend.
the best decision that i made was when i decided to take this course.
Very Informative to learn about Americas economy and Macro-Economy.
VERY Good course. Everything is given in detail. Loved this course.
not at all hard to understand but also quite impressive and useful.
Reminds me of college a long  time ago- definitely good material.
I really enjoyed doing this course; I  highly recommend the same.
Very Good introduction about Macroeconomics. Accessible lenguage.
The course is simple, direct and clear. The course is magnificent
Get a very clear image about this economy world from this course.
It was a great experience for a non-economic background student.
Thank you so much, I love Economics even more after this course!
Very helpful! Grear course. Well designed and very illustrative.
Macro Economics Simplified. A must for economics enthusiasts. :)
Great course, great approach to help us understand the concept
Great course with a lot of questions to check your knowledge!
This course is terrific! Easy to understand and interesting.
Very succinct and interesting content. Though provoking quiz
thought provoking insights,Highly recommended for beginners
I loved this course. It is very helpful and easy to learn.
Very good! Macroeconomics and economy history - good idea!
Far better than my intro to macro class. Highly recommend
An excellent course!  I'm very happy that it's available.
This course is a real beauty. Old but always applicable.
Exceptional course, very complete content and objective.
Very good, impartial and nice overview of macroeconomics
Very helpful for knowing all the principles of conomics.
it was very helpful . Helped me to boarden my knowledge
Great course for building your basic economic knowledge
it is one of the most useful courses I have ever taken
This is a great overview of macroeconomic principles.
Quite easy, while quite introductive and instructive.
Excellent course with simple concepts and great exams
Very helpful, simple explanations of economic models
It was really difficult but it's all for the best.
Interesting and very concise macroeconomics course
Really this course is very helpful for me. Thanks
VERY GOOD COURSE TO UNDERSTAND MACROECONOMICS!!!!
Excelent and advanced explications. Thanks a lot!
Interesting to understand the Worldwide dynamics
Thank you, Professor. Wish to meet again in life
awesum. perfect crash course for macro economics
excellent course, well paced with good graphics
Clear, gradual, well structured. Good examples.
great course with real study and historic view
I think material is really easy to understand.
Very good course for basics of macroeconomics
Good. even a doctor could understand. Thanks
Intriguing way of explaining Macroeconomics!
Useful overall with interesting information.
Very good and applicable to the real world!
Interesting and amazing for its simplicity.
Its really a good course for all students
the complete course on macroeconomics !!!
I learned a lot from that course, love it
Very interesting and eye-opening course!
Really useful and teaching is exemplary.
Informative and it is easy to understand
Great professor, very logical teaching.
very interesting and enjoyable moments
Well desgined and well narrated course
Incredible course, highly informative!
This is very good. I so much Coursera.
It is a very good and detailed course
Excellent, clearly explained. Thanks!
The course could not have been better
very good. thank you for this course
Very good overview of Macroeconomics
good best concepts and good quality
its really helpful and informative.
it was a great learning experience
good pre-course for macroeconomics
interesting, useful, meaningful!
very interesting and meaningfull
best t teaching and professors.
Excellent and very informative!
Enjoyed the course very much !
Great Content, Fabulous Stuff
Great introductionary course!
Best course I took this year!
very informational and useful
Very useful and interesting.
I really loved the course!
very useful and practical!
This course is amazing!!!!
Thank you for the course!
good course ! Thankyou !
synthetic and useful....
I really learned more <3
It's good for freshman!
Great, engaging course!
Perfect , thank you !
Do at your own pace!
Very well organized!
Thank u coursera...
Tough but awesome.
very-very helpful
Great...........
Cool knowledge
Great indeed.
It's helpful
greatcourse
Good pace
cool!
