There is no real flow between videos and questions, not easy to follow. Good efford, good content, just wrong methodology for online training for 2015.
I have knowledge about this topic because of my profesion, but the evaluations are insanely tricky, with multi-response questions or asking about anecdotic things instead of questions that truly evaluate your general knowledge of the topic.
Awful. I couldn't get past the first quiz because It Included Information from Week 2 and some of the answers weren't even correct or didn't correlate with the curriculum. POOR POOR POOR
Videos and materials are fine, but insufficient for the quizzes, which are apparently very difficult even for PhDs in the field.
The course of for beginners. But their Quiz section is really tough. Specially first 3 week are very tough. No One can Pass...
Quizzes were very hard
DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE.  I can read the slides myself.  I know how to read. I 'm literate.  I don't need you to read, stumble over your words or mispronounce words as you drone on in your monotone voice through your powerpoint slides.  BORING BORING BORING.  Further, this is NOT an introductory course.  Phrases, words and concepts in the lecture are new to me, so YAY for me, to want to learn something completely new, only to have your tests not give any partial credit for the MASSIVE NUMBER of multiple choice questions where I got 3 out of 4 test questions correct,  4 out of 5 test questions correct, or 2 out of 3 test questions correct.  What kind of grading system is this for an introductory course for the general public interested in this topic during COVID?  OUT OF TOUCH with why general citizens might want to take this course.  I will never take course from either of you again.  You both should take the Coursera Course called "Mindshift" that is the leading MOOC course on how to use humor, be interesting, engaging, and fun in your course.  You are the poster children for the opposite of boring, droning, and one way lecture style.  BOO HISS.  Old School, ladies.  OLD SCHOOL.  Your pop up quizzes during the lectures are given in under less than a nono second to test concepts introduced less than 2 minutes prior.  Breathe.  Relax. Give us a minute or two to ABSORB the material.  You have no idea how to conduct an online course.  I recommend this course to no none.
Coursera online course was absolutely horrible to work through.  There was not a clear way to message the instructors when I had a question.  In order to get online support, I would have to navigate through multiple screens before I was able to find a place to chat with anyone.  The course timeline was locked, I couldn't open it earlier without having to go through said obstacles to get to chat with support before they would open it up for me.  For an online course, that you have to pay for, why is there so many restrictions? Then I had to navigate my way around again to get a certificate.  Absolute fail.  I did this only because it was required for a class I took.  Would not recommend it at all.
Technically sucks. As of 18th April not possible to progress with the course as it is locked (says session will start on April 2 -yes today is 20th). Does not update deadlines. Does not allow me to submit assignment- does not even open screen for submission. So why do you allow me be enrolled???
The  lectures are not very well organized and are repetitive in definitions and explanations. More examples would be helpful in order to see the application of how these formulas and tools are used in epidemiology
It wasn't what I expected and I didn't completely understand some of the information and it was poorly explained.
Disgusting MCQ questions, no standarity.
The content was really neat and definitely not something I had been exposed to before. I really liked the quantitative parts of the course and wish there had been more time spent on that and more quiz questions on that.The reason I am ranking this 2 stars is that I felt the quizzes were unreasonably difficult (or perhaps they had bugs). Week 2 quiz I had to take multiple times and really couldn't figure out what the correct answer was. Looking at the discussion boards I believe my sentiment is shared. I have taken multiple coursera classes (Astronomy, Astrobiology, Calculus) and these are by far the most difficult quizes I have encountered.
I am a little disapointed with this course. I have completed the third week, but quizes are too big, and the questions are almost impossible to compare with the lectures.It seems like what is evaluated is your ability of getting languages nuances, and not the epidemiology subject.
riddled with errors, presenters are read scripts in flat really boring accent.. often information in quiz was never presented in course and needs to be researched independently - not worth it..
In the earlier weeks terminology was introduced that were unexplained (the measures of association) even though it was stated in the lecture that these were "previously covered". This prompted me to search back desperately to see what I have missed to no avail, finally culminating in me simply looking up the terminology online. As it turns out, these terminology were explained in a subsequent week. Had this been conveyed or structured better, the course would have been easier to understand. Also the material was pretty surface level when discussing causality. In terms of presentation skills, it would help if the lecturers fumbled less with their scripts structured the content better. However, it is good effort and the content is fairly important, especially during these times where fake medical information is rife.
Lectures start from irritating music and book-ended by unnecessary  summary of what will be and was studied. Lots of complicated language without explanation such as "osteoclast reabsorbtion reduction".  Tests are impossible to pass. They ask questions not covered in lectures, lots of multiple choices where one incorrect tick shoots down the whole question. I can see from forums that some questions are contradictory - there is no correct answer.  A missed opportunity.
poorly done
Good enough for a free course offering very basic understanding of the topic. Lots of video errors, and sometimes the lecturer's speech isn't very smooth. Tests are poorly worded sometimes in ways that contradict the language used in the lectures, making them difficult to pass even with notes. I wouldn't pay for the certificate - if I were an employer I would not recognize this course as teaching any sort of proficiency.
I enjoyed hearing about epidemiology, but didn't find the quizzes very useful. I was expecting more practice doing computation or examining case studies. The lectures also had no time in between slides to pause, write notes, and make sure I understood what was just said. I liked that the lectures were well organized and the review questions in between the topics of discussion.
Course content was pretty detailed. I did not like that I had to write down pretty much every single word from each slide and that was said in order to make sure I could answer the quiz questions. Either the quiz questions were bad or it was taught in a confusing manner. I would go with the former.
The course and content are good and well taught by the teachers. However, the lessons are very short and the test complicated to be carried out, mainly for not accepting the partial note of the questions that have more than one correct alternative.
The subject matter was comprehensive and interesting.  However there are two concerns I have regarding the class.  The primary concern is how frustrating the tests were.  Many questions referred to information that was not included in the lectures.  Some of the questions may have been included in the additional materials, however since I followed the guidelines and only invested the time estimated (ten minutes for multiple documents) in reading and reviewing the supplemental information I may have missed the test question references.  My suggestion is to review all the test questions so that they reflect the information related in the lectures and adjust the time estimates for the supplemental material.
The course covers an appropriate range of topics, but I had 2 major issues with it. First, the quizzes (especially module 1) are faulty. Some questions are marked wrong whether you answer them false or true and some questions are unclear and, most importantly, some questions focus on marginal issues rather than the core of the course. It would have also been helpful to get access to clarifications once we pass the quiz to better understand. Second, it would have been helpful to have more exercises to practice calculating the difference rates and ratios and differences. But, overall this was a nice refresher course.
The information provided in this course was good, although I wish that this course was more focussed on Health Science and less on the basic principles of science, research methodology and basic statistics. I would have loved to see more information related to actual health. Secondly, the first three quizzes were absolutely horrible to take, due to a majority of questions that require multilple answers that have not been discussed in lectures. It takes several attemps to actually finish these quizzes and this does not add on to learning new information, but just provides with frustration.
A solid introduction to the field of epidemiology as the study of distribution and determinants of health outcome. I came away with a more nuanced understanding of how to critically evaluating disease frequency, study design, association & causal effects. The course lays out multiple real-life examples to makes the information relevant and interesting to what is important in the real world. However, the lecturers are quite monotonous which can make the lectures bit tiring to get through. Overall, a quick, practical course nonetheless!
This course provides a good overview about the basics of epidemiology. But there are so many problems with it. I think the quiz is often too long. The questions are often difficult. Questions cannot always be answered according to the lectures . The questions are often equivocal. In many cases there is no correct answer among the options.
The presentations were pretty good besides the fact that some quizzes contradicted some of what was said in the videos. The first 3 quizzes were way harder than the last 2, and it seemed like the 2 professors split up who made which quiz. Other than that, I thought it was a pretty good intro course.
I picked a wrong course, but that's OK.  I learned a few things about how the public health system worked and I enjoyed the history part the most.  The math work didn't appeal to me (I really struggled with it.). It's more tailored to anyone with a keen interest in epidemiology.
The basics covered in this course were useful, however there was minimal interaction with instructors. There was also limited ability to work with the course components, such as lecture transcripts. It woud be a great course if it were a little more accessible.
i think i wouldn't  have chosen  this course after  every attempt  m just getting  depressed  over my result... even the concepts are clear but i am not going good in assessments.!! i am feeling like i m the dumbest person on here.!  course is good though..!
Fun introduction (I have no background at all in Epidemiology or related fields). However, the material is quite basic, and therefore not very challenging. Still worth the time if you want to get a good idea of what epidemiology is.
very interesting and usefull course. Learned a lot! 5 star. Only disadvantage is that the questions/exam needed to pass is very difficult and have trick(y) questions. That is why it ultimately only gets 3 star.
Quite interesting and informative. A good place to begin learning about basics of epidemiology, but one must read additional materials to have a better flow/understanding of the course.
Informative but boring lecture videos and very little exciting updates to the world of epidemiology (only touches on public health problems and solutions from 20th century).
It was very informative. But few things were difficult to understand in week 2 and 3 could you simplify so that it would be easy for future students.
Very educational but a little hard to follow. Also these tests are too hard for beginners. Overall though it was OK, I rate it 3.5 stars.
Quizzes are difficult especially week 2 quiz. The flow of the discussion and topics are good. Professors were great! I learned a lot!
It was nice, but nothing incredible. A standard introduction course, it sets basic tools for getting started with the subject
Although the content was informational, the presenters were uninteresting and made watching the videos hard to do.
It was informational and started with the basics. It was overall a good course but needs to be more interactive.
I wish we went in depth a bit.  The overview was a bit vague and didn't instruct very well.
Very Slow and highly information-only course. It could've been more enthusiastic and fun.
The quiz questions were tricky and the modules were not as easy to follow as I thought.
It was a good basic intro into the statistical methods of epidemiology. Quite basic.
It is an interesting course, as a first contact with epidemiology and public health
Lectures are taught very fast, but still informative if you pay attention
This MOOC was quite detailed and i enjoyed every bit of the subject.
Some of the content was not clearly explained.
Great learning opportunity
content did not match test
Some of the earlier quiz questions seemed impossible to answer based on the lecture videos and materials, but otherwise this was a generally informative and engaging course.
There is room for improvement, like showing quiz answers once submitted and editing all of the transcript errors but the information and additional materials are great resources for people interested in getting started with in the field of epidemiology.
I enjoyed taking this course, although I felt the quizzes at the end of each week were much harder than the practice questions throughout the videos requiring me to go back frequently. I do feel I have learned a lot I can use moving forward.
Great overview of scientific methods of epidemiological studies. I would have loved more advanced material to be available, and maybe discussion questions to guide the forums.
It's good and informative but it was so difficult at week 3's quiz. Thanks.
This is an excellent introduction to the basics of epidemiology. I took it at the testing time of COVID-19 to be able to critique the evidence presented in the vast body of news coverage. The course structure is well balanced and key epidemiology basics covered. The explanations to concepts are very clear, often with reference to real-life examples for easier understanding. The course slides are detailed but concise, with key information highlighted. The additional reading provides useful extracurricular materials in greater depth. After learning this course, I find myself more confident in reading publications on public health studies for my work in air quality, which is such a wonderful reward for following through this course. Many thanks to Drs Alexander and Yeatts! One of my suggestions for improvement would be to provide detailed explanations to the questions in the weekly quizzes. Currently reviewing the answered questions does not provide any informative feedback apart from right or wrong - it does not even show my answers, which is not very helpful for effective learning from the mistakes. Another suggestion may be to add sample size calculations for each study design? However, these are really minor comments, compared with the great materials the two instructors prepared. Once again, thanks very much!
Overall this was a good course! There were good topics in each module, and modules were organized in a logical sequence.Some of the modules (especially those dealing with statistical analysis) were a bit confusing and I had to research a bit more to fully understand them. Also, some of the quiz questions were complicated to understand due to the answer types, phrasing, and they contained information not covered in that specific module. But, overall it was an enjoyable course that allowed for a basic understanding of epidemiology and its role on public health. The videos' lengths were adequate, most concepts were explained thoroughly and effectively, and the facilitators did a good job of providing enough examples to further explain the application of each concept.
Excellent introduction to a broad subject. Clear, concise and well structured. Three suggestions of improvements:1) Please share the slides separately as a course companion.2) The quizzes requires some improvement and why don’t provide explanations for some of the answers - specially those with multiple choices to get the full point on the question3) Some More concrete examples and more exercises (homework) would be extremely useful in the chapter of understanding measures of disease frequency and Measures of association. Granted it requires more Maths (statistics and probability) understanding but that’s the whole point of those chapters.Thanks again, truly enjoyed.
The course gives an overall good introduction to epidemiology applied to public health. The classes are well structured and the basic concepts are cleary explained, providing a more pratical insight on the uses and importance of clinical and epidemiological studies to public health. In my opinion, the course fill its purpose which is to give an basic introduction to epidemiology. 

However, considering its six weeks long duration, I think that it may be suitable to add facultative activities (videos or even supplemental material) to provide those who want to go deeper a more complete learning experience.
An interesting introduction to epidemiology. I felt that the statistical concepts this course covered were clearly explained, and the numerical examples helped further my understanding of these principles.However, from the course description, I expected the course to talk more about concepts (it covered this a little bit, e.g. the Bradford Hill criteria) and perhaps the state of modern-day epidemiology than it did (for example, studies and successes from within the last 10 years?). I would love to see a follow-up module on that topic!
I LIKED THE COURSE VERY MUCH, IT ALLOWED ME TO REMEMBER THINGS I KNEW FROM COLLEGE AND THAT I MIGHT NEED THEM IN MY NEED JOB IN THE RESEARCH FIELD. THE ONLY THING I DIDN´T LIKE WAS THE QUESTIONS THAT HAD MULTIPLE ANSWERS AND IF YOU DIDN´T CHOOSE ONE YOU GOT IT WRONG THE WERE NO HALF POINTS AND THATS WHY IT TOOK MY LIKE 3 TRIES IN ONE QUIZ, BUT THE LECTURES AND VIDEOS WERE VERY GOOD. I KNEW MOST THINGS BUT I BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE THAT NEVER HAVE RECEIVE CLASSES ABOUT THIS TOPICS MIGHT HAVE UNDERSTAND IT FAST AS WELL.
Good course, very well structured, well signposted, progressive, very clear, with a good use of the media. As for the content, the examples are not always well connected to the theory. The speakers speak at a good pace, not too slow not too fast but their tone is monotonous and it is a little bit formal. Therefore the course is a little dull. As the course is very introductory, it would have been nice to be directed to other more advanced courses either online or residential.
The course provides a good introduction to epidemiology. Both teachers are relaxed and speak very well, which is important for foreign students. I would add more intermediate ,practice exercises before quizzes, intermingling them with lectures. Absorbing too much material before the quiz is not always easy. Especially formulas should be practiced repeatedly with some real life problems, although not too difficult ones, in line with the purpose of the course.
Excellent introduction to Epidemiology. The course has a lack of content validation with multiple errors throughout from basic transcription of audio to incorrect values on slides. Questions posted in the forum are not answered in a timely manner (or at all in some cases) for clarification of confounding points in content areas. Course content is front-loaded heavy and considerably lighter the final two weeks. Overall, I enjoyed the course itself.
Thank you very much for designing such an easy-to-understand, concise course. I learned a lot of new things by attending the class even though I had gained some insights into this field. One important thing is that I notice epidemiology is not specific to only medical topics as I used to believe but also is applied in various disciplines to make policies for the community as a whole, from the perspective of population.
Going through this course, provided me the opportunity to learn the basics of public health. How health conditions or diseases are measure and viewed in relation to populations and how private and public can make informed decisions based on various health statistics.Though not that simple, it really worth the time and energy. Now, I have a great understanding of epidemiology and it's usefulness in public health
This course by the faculty of Public Health at UNC is extensive, elaborate and highly indulging. It is great if you want to introduce yourself to the basics of epidemiology, its terminology and history. The Additional readings provided are simple to understand and grasp. I am glad to have taken this course. Thank you to the amazing staff at Gillings school of Public Health,UNC and Coursera for providing it.
Great overview of Epidemiology! Quite a lot to cover - I didn't feel like I had enough time with each topic, before moving on to the next.  I might take this course again, just to be sure I really understand all the concepts. I think more time needed to be dedicated to the measures of occurrence and study types. Perhaps two weeks for each of those? Great printable materials to help learn the concepts
Due to the recent COVID situation I registered these course in concern with public health.Pro: Well Structured; many guidelines on the experimental methodsCons: First two quizzes are really kinda troublesome, some questions are confusing; No enough knowledge to let me know ( I was expecting more like a general introduction on what instead of how"But in general it's a pleasant experience. thank you !
I learned a lot from this class, but I had a difficult time with some of the multiple choice quizzes, which I think could be improved. I felt that the additional materials (PDF readings) could have done a better job explaining concepts like risk ratios, rate ratios, and odds ratios, among others. I hope the teachers of the class consider revising and improving the lectures and readings for clarity.
As a Masters candidate in Public Health, I found the course quite informative. It covers all the basics and is helpful for understanding concepts in the subject. I study Epidemiology, and this course helped me revise and summarise the subject in the simplest way possible. Also, the language used, makes it easy for even lay people (with no health background) get a brief understanding of the subject.
I recently graduated with a Bachelors in Pharmacy and didn't know what to do next, only that i'm a research/practical oriented individual and I'm passionate about helping people improve their health status. The course helped form a resolve to pursue a career in Public Health, I am so glad i enrolled for the course.Thank you Lorraine and Karin for your efforts and knowledge, God bless you both.
It's a perfect opportunity for the ones who are looking for objective learning of basics in Epidemiology. The reading resource is useful and it may help you understand what you need. The only thing I felt uncomfortable was about some rate and risks measurements, they went really fast on it, and I need to come back sometimes for understanding clearly (I understand it's a basic course).
I felt the content was interesting and helpful in determining whether or not I want to pursue Epidemiology as a career, but the quizzes were not clear or the content did not justify some of the quizzes during the beginning. As the course progressed I was able pass the quizzes on my first attempt and then went back to study the previous content more intently.
Overall, this was a pretty solid introduction to epidemiology. The lectures managed to simplify concepts without sacrificing quality of the lecture. The additional resources were also helpful. However, I had a little difficulty in some topics since the point was not communicated properly and I got confused. But overall, a good course to take for beginners.
The course was interesting. The information provided was probably the most essential for an introduction to public health; I would have liked a bit more information on statistical analysis tools and how they work exactly (e.g. how do they give us the actual p-value; what tools are out there and why or how you choose one over the other, etc.). Thanks!
A great introductory course into the field of epidemiology covering all basic aspects of the field. The educators are very well organized and the work load per weak is very manageable. It is to be noted though that the exams can pose some difficulty in first two weeks as some may consider them to focus on trivia, other than that a great course.
Great refresher, I already had courses in statistics long time ago, its good to update your knowledge (for ex: it was good to know that the term "relative risk"  is no longer used.The reading resources are great.Wish if the course slides were downloadable as its easier to flip & search in the slides for an info than searching in the videos.
Interesting course for those who wish to explore the basic methodology of epidemiology. It focuses a lot on basic measures such as odds, ratio, incidence or risk, but very clearly explained (very nice presentations). I don't give 5 stars because I think the knowledge was a bit too dry for me, but overall it was a good course.
Good overview of the subject, and easy to understand for someone with no health sciences background. My only complaint is that the additional readings were redundant, covering the exact same thing and using the same examples as the videos--I would prefer either different readings or making them more obviously optional.
Nice course with the correct approach on the basics of Epidemiology. Only one minor issue, i think the focus on the historical aspects, although interesting, was a bit too much in the lectures and the tests. Being able to define OR or CI should be more important than questions on history. Overall, great work!
This course was excellent as a basic course, highlighting the most basic definitions and concepts that anyone interested in epidemiology without any background should and can understand.Thank you lecturers and organizers, this course definitely answered some questions I had after reading scientific articles.
The course was really interesting and eye opening,although the quizzes were a bit tough for the first three weeks,i still enjoyed every part of the study. I can relate better with most of the terms and case studies.And finally, the videos were okay but it wasn't easy pausing to jott some keypoints.
Engaging! Super cool, great overview into epidemiology. Only complaint is that the lectures were a bit monotonous, but it is what it is. Would recommend for anyone who wants to learn more about public health or is just intrigued by COVID-19! Thank you Professors Alexander and Yeatts!!!
The lectures were easy to understand. However, I would like to comment on the questions of the exams. Some were not worded appropriately and some were quite irrelevant to the material discussed. Questions could have focused more on the topic itself, rather than the examples cited.
This has been a great introduction to the history and basic concepts of epidemiology. The lecturers explained it in an easy to understand and comprehensive manner and I really enjoyed from them.  It encourages to delve a bit deeper into epidemiology and public health. THANK YOU !
Good coverage of important and interesting topics. In some videos the audio volume was a bit low, making it difficult to hear on some computers. Also, reading is not the best way to present information if you want to capture people’s interest and concentration.
It was a little bit tough for me especially because it had formulas and math. Overall, I would recommend the course to anyone who wants to learn and understand epidemiology. It's a good way to supplement your public health studies if you're in a med school.
A sufficient introductory preview into epidemiology, although some concepts were taught at the rather intermediate level. Also, some contents covered in the quiz were ill-structured and not otherwise captured in lectures and/or additional readings.
The information on measures of association was somewhat confusing.  Sometimes the narrator would say either risk or rate, but I thought she meant the other.  Statistical data gathering I find very challenging, though I recognize its importance.
I like this as a broad overview of research methods in epidemiology. I found this stimulating prior knowledge from my Psychological Science degree, so it was a good refresher before I head into health informatics and clinical classification.
The course is really enjoyable! It clearly demonstrated life events and causality issue. Earlier, I have trouble understanding Confidence interval, but now I understand it clearly! Kudos to the two wonderful teachers. Thank you so much!
I am considering getting my master's in PH and I think this course will be a great foundational course!! Thank you Dr Alexander, Dr Yeatts, and UNC Gillings School of Global PH for a course that was interesting and easy to understand.
I thought this was a good basic level introduction course. One suggestion is to update the quiz section to be able to click on the questions that were answered incorrectly and see the correct answer with explanation (after passing).
Well-conducted course with clear and crisp explanations.  At the end of the course at least, we should be given the list of the questions answered wrongly and the right answers, so that, one understands the mistakes committed.
I really like this course, it clears me a lot of doubts and easy to understand many concepts, also it was useful to remember what I have learned before. Thanks for the couse. I´m interested in taking more cuorses like this.
An excellent introduction to epidemiology. The reason I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 is because I would have liked to see more statistics e.g. one or two statistical tests and maybe a prac on experimental/survey deisgn.
Very intricate making it comprehensive for six weeks of learning! Very informative. Would be even better if the presentation was simplified and more examples used so as to promote better understanding of the concepts!
This course is one of the most valuable course I have ever done because the knowledge within this course is much needed to learn and to apply for this pandemic. I will recommend it to all those who may be interested.
Excellent beginner level course. I learned a lot. Great lectures. However, quizzes are not easy and the answers are always intuitive to the people who are new to this field, even when you listen to the lecture
I think the program is a little bit too easy and someone  can only get an introduction of the public health and the epidemiology, I hope there are more difficult class and take me deeper to the epidemiology.
I thought that the course was good. The only thing I wished to have was the course presentation slides. I contacted the Coursera admin people on that also. Hope to see more courses on epidemiology from UNC.
The information is very interesting especially with the current global pandemic. In addition, the course is simplified and explained gracefully in a way that anyone with any background can understand it.
Thanks for giving us such a good learning experience. Although there is lot of content in Public Health but arranging it a bit more properly would help students to learn and enjoy the mooc.
Great course. May be expanded a bit with more examples from both developed and developing countries. Thank you all very much for giving me the opportunity to learn from you all
This course has taught me a lot. However, as a new learner that just started going into public health, the contents that were taught on Week 4 were pretty confusing.
I liked that the quizzes were not easy, it made me feel the class was worth it. It is a good intro to study design and basic statistics. Definitely a gateway course.
It was very interesting for a newbie like, those who are interested in public health, i must say that it can be the beginning of the journey in public health.
Great refresher course for those of us who have been away from their MPH programs for a while. But one suggestion -- eliminate the all or nothing questions.
Nice course, highly effective for other background. I suggest to improve the course content of week 4 & 5 which may be expanded with some other topics.
Clear, concise lectures and reading material. Would appreciate more explanations from the quiz answers. Otherwise, great introduction to epidemiology.
Content was very interesting and informative.  Some quiz questions were not addressed in the lectures which made finding the answers more difficult.
Good course, tough, but good.  Very engaging for those interested in Epidemiology.  Lots of detail!  I walked away learning much from this course.
An amazing course that allowed me to explore the basics and fundamentals of epidemiology, I really enjoyed it! I highly recommend it to everyone.
I found the course very interesting, but sometimes difficult. The readings are very much and you have to invest some time for that course.
Love this course it is a basic introduction to epidemiology a MUST! It's engaging and the instructors explain things in a really easy way.
Very good basic introduction for anyone interested in learning simple concepts and looking at health problems as portrayed by media.
It was overall pretty decent. Learned alot. Almost every lecture is applicable in my real MedStudent Life as an amateur researcher.
It is a really good introduction to epidemiology, giving you the general ideas and enough resources if you want to go any further
It was a great course, I really enjoyed it. I prefer a little more statistical information (for week 4) but it was really useful!
This is a great introductory course (and it's even useful if you've already studied these topics but need a bit of reminding). ;)
A great introduction to the science of Public Health, with just the right balance between ease of learning and depth of study.
Really good introduction to most basic public health topics and some practical application. Enjoyed the way it was presented.
This is a great course. It accomplishes its objectives to give a basic understanding regarding the basics about Epidemiology.
I really enjoyed to follow this course. The lecturers were easy to listen and understand and the topics were so interesting.
This course is well organised and a very good foundation in helping one learn about the basics of public health. Thank you.
A well conceived and presented Basic methods and principles in Epidemiology. Recommended for all beginners in Epidemiology.
The course is great, but more practices would be better. In addition, the exams are too detailed to test one's ability.
Well taught and nice case study examples. Content could have been better consolidated and less repetitive though
Helpful to get an overview of the field of epidemiology and what options epidemiologists have in the real world.
Overall course was really good. I learnt alot however, in quizzes please remove multiple choice questions.
The course has a very interactive sections. I can't wait join the crusade of saving lives across the globe
Amazing course, it gave me a good foundational understanding of Epidemiological terms and associations.
I have just started with the course and the introductory slides I found are perfectly designed. Thanks.
Not as in depth as I was hoping for. Useful for gaining a more precise vocabulary for epidemiology.
One of the tougher courses in terms of how the exams are formulated, but interesting, nonetheless.
Gives a great overview of Epidemiology.  Perhaps more clarification on cross-sectional studies.
It's very well, I have understood many topics that help me in my university classes. Thanks <3
The course was enlightening. The module on measures of association was very clear and simple.
Studying at my comfort makes this course enjoyable. Thank you to all the course lecturers.
It was a good introductory course to learn or refresh the basic concepts of epidemiology.
excellent course if you are interested in public health. just what u need to start
Very good starter/introductory course to epidemiology. Manageable and informative.
Very Detailed and Good enough for encouraging us to do something in this field
I am really enjoying the course. It is really simple, informative and helpful.
it's an excellent introduction to epidemiology, with very clear explanations.
Succinct presentation of the information for a beginner. Highly recommended!
I really learned a lot from this course it was amazing. keep the great work
Content was easy to follow and the tutors delivered material appropriately
Nice course!Could be more statistically inclined in consequent updates.
I thought you were getting a certificate when you finish the course.
Enjoyed course, it was very informative and the examples and the way
Good one!!Its better if the followers can download the slides too !!
Good introductory course for any biologist of life science student.
Great to learn the basics. Excellent explanations and to-the-point.
This course provided a brief overview and covered some statistics.
Excellent course for the beginners. Explanations are quite good.
it is the excellent course,and most helpfull to my profession
Really enjoyed this and ended up paying for the certificate!
it is a very nice course and i learnt so many things on it
Excellent work though some basic literature still lacking.
This is a very good and very basic course of epidemiology.
A great resource or as a reminder from previous material!!
I loved it. The ladies did a great job :) Many thanks !
Actually fairly tough. Be ready to take lots of notes.
EXCELLENT BUT DIFFICULT EXAMS. Thanks for this course.
Really interesting course! Minus 1 star because it is
A quick, but thorough coverage of the basics.
Great course and wonderful style of teaching.
It's awesome. I am learning a lot. Thank you
Simple and logical for anyone to follow.
Thank alot all professors for lectures.
Very useful for beginners! Recommended.
Very good in basics, but needed more.
very good first step to public health
it is very useful to me thanks
Fantastic course, Learnt allot
Basic concept of epidemiology.
Solid review of epidemiology.
Good course, worth taking
legible and interesting.
thanks too much
very uneasy
The course was fantastic and learned the things which I could not study from many books I had referred. I have spread this message to many of my friends and colleges. Thank you very much.
One of the best classes I've taken. It was difficult for me. I had to take the quizzes many times usually to get an A. Worth the effort. I completed the class. I'm proud of the accomplishment.
Paul Brodeur's New Yorker article, The Magic Mineral (Asbestos) (https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/1968/10/12/the-magic-mineral) was my first detailed contact with epidemiology. I was a pre-med student who injured a dominant hand, as an alternate to regular class assignments, I read and reported on, this article. Although, I subsequently became a lawyer, my science background, lead me first to patent law, then to product liability and workers' compensation, with cases involving asbestos, 2,4,5 T and PCB, as well as other chemicals. After 44+ years in law, your course was an excellent review of the issues I spent my career litigating. Your last subject, Causality, was central to every case. I strongly recommend this course to every personal injury lawyer. Thank you.
As a medical laboratory professional, this course was invaluable in refreshing and increasing my knowledge of epidemiology in a time where we are in the midst of a global pandemic due to SARS-CoV-2.  The course material has helped me to improve my interpretation of the data that the department that I supervise, Microbiology, is generating.  This is not an easy course and the material should be reviewed before attempting the quizzes.   However, the sweat and pain are worth it as you will finish the course with a much better understanding of epidemiology!
very interesting and informative .thank you so much for providing this opportunity. useful those who are willing to enter into public health and learn the basic concepts of epidemiology
A brilliant course that can serve as a great introduction to public health. A must take for all including the ones from other streams, even who are not going to work in public health.
I enjoyed the learning experience;but its not for beginners.As a dentist,it helped me to brush up my skills in public health.Thankyou!
An amazing course! I can't recommend it enough. It was not too long, you could spread out the workload. Most importantly, the concepts were so well explained  with examples throughout and the teachers did not go too fast. I learnt so much and I will be revisiting the notes and materials in the future. If you are new to epidemiology or want to refresh your basic understanding on the topic, this course is for you. The quizzes throughout the videos and at the end of each week were great. To improve, maybe have explanations for each question so that you know why you got it wrong (and maybe the correct answers highlighted if you are struggling). A final quiz/ assessment at the end testing everything one has learnt could be a great indicator to see how much you really know. Thank you!
Today I have completed this course. The subject is not new to me. I had  attended few  workshops on the subject. I always considered the subject as important but relatively dry. This  impression originated from my mind set that lots of Maths are associated with statistics and epidemiology.After attending this on line course, I am quite comfortable with my present understanding. I could not make out the syllabus pertaining to 5th and 6th week.With the scope for expansion ,I wish more examples and illustrations are incorporated in this course.However, I have learnt and enjoyed while staying in this course. I express my gratitude to the learned instructors of this course and the creators of the `Coursera`.We continue to learn.Regards.
Thanks for this excellent course. I am a doctor and in 2012 I have completed my MPH in Epidemiology from BSMMU, Bangladesh but for some reasons I have a gap in last 4 years in my career and recently I have started working with an Epidemiologist in NUI Galway,Ireland and looking for something which would help me to remind all those things I had learnt 4 years back. This course works like a magic. Now I got my memory back. Both teacher are very kind and they tried to make it easier for all which made this course fascinating . Best wishes for all...Dr. Sabrina Zarin
Hi all I found this course to be very helpful. The videos were exceptional and notes easy to read and understand. I hope that I am going to pass this time as this course (Introduction to Epidemiology) is one of my core courses that I need to pass for my Master of Public Health studies at UCT in Cape Town. Thank you very much. Everything is highly appreciated and looking forward to learning more from this platform. Who knows I might join your university in few years to come. Thank you and keeping helping us, especially working students.
Thank you  very  much  for a  really   good  and  educative course ! I  enjoyed  every  minute  of  it .It  was  not  so  easy  and  it  was  not  so  difficult. The  course  demanded a real  effort  to  be  put  in , watching  the  videos more  than  once , reading  the  extra  material and  going  over  the  quizes multiple  times  before  getting  a  pass! I  enjoyed  it  and I  am  really  thankfull and  gratefull  for  this  learning  oppurtunity ! Very  much  recommended!
Lorraine AlexanderThis a very interesting and enlightening course. thanks to Professor Lorraine Alexander and Dr Karen Yeatts. the 5 weeks course is broad as expected and i have gained knowledge in Epidemiology definition, use of epidemiology in public health and how epidemiology supports improving the public. i have also learnt the history of epidemiology and how to apply the population perspective to an understanding of the global burden of health outcomes and disease.
Splendid! I am a Biology major in my senior year, and this is really helpful to wrap it all up as to how to do research and paper stuff thoroughly. Very straightfoward and well packed, be video transcript or video slide it proved I worried for nothing as a deaf student in my first Coursera class. Complex tests, and I did better with my Words of these though. Thank you very much, everyone who has involved in this especially Dr. Karin Yeatts and Dr. Lorraine Alexander.
Thank you very much for offer this course of epidemiology which is a tool very important for understanding of public health concepts and for compression and design of epidemiologic studies , the slides was very easy of understanding, i am very grateful with COURSERA and University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Epidemiology: The Basic Science of Public Health. I hope that follow offering  courses of Medicine. Thank you very much.
I had been looking for a course that gives an overview of the field of epidemiology with some lectures on the basic tools needed to understand epidemiological studies. I am glad that I chanced upon this course. I thoroughly enjoyed the course primarily because it is well structured, and the instructors were clear in their lectures and the presentations as well as reading material was comprehensive. I would definitely recommend.
An excellent introduction to the basic science of epidemiology.  Provides a solid foundation for understanding the field - and the range of opportunities within it.  The fact that the elements introduced here can be applied across a range of fields - from nutrition to disease research - is especially helpful.  This program is sure to help people new to the field better understand their own interests.
this was a tremendous course and effort , i really loved it so muchboth doctors were amazing , entertaining , encouraging , satisfied my passion a loti was craving every single moment to finish this till the very end and proceed in something new , but also i would not want it to end . i can not say thank you coursera enough for that great effort and thank you doctors alsoall the best always
As a person who had no prior knowledge of epidemiology, I can definitely say that I now know what epidemiology is and some introductory information and concepts related. This course definitely led me to want to learn more about public health, maybe even to possibly pursue it. The instructors are truly knowledgeable and the structure of the course enabled me to learn applicable information.
This is a very good course indeed! Being a qualitative researcher, I found this course exceptionally well, especially when the course teachers explicitly described about the practical details of various quantitative measures with good and easy examples of public health issues. It was really fun to take this course. I would love to recommend it to many of my fellows. thanks and cheers!
This course is well-covered introduction to epidemiology and gives you a general notion over the enormous field of epidemiology. Instructors are dedicative and they even choose every word carefully to transmit the knowledge. I thank very much to our lovely instructors Dr. Karin Yeatts and Dr. Lorraine Alexander, NCU and to Coursera for providing us such an elusive opportunity.
As a prospective epidemiology graduate student, I found this course informative.  It has provided me with much needed insight that has helped me make decisions about my future career choice.  I would recommend auditing this course for free if you are in a similar situation that I was in; just looking to expand your knowledge about epidemiology without earning a certificate.
Really awesome class! As an undergraduate student interested in public health, this course was very interactive and easy to understand. I enjoyed watching the videos each week. One thing though, the quizzes were a bit difficult at times and would require numerous attempts to pass. If the quizzes can be modified to be a bit simpler I think the course would be more enjoyable
Thank you so much Coursera for offering such an informative and useful course. it has been a wonderful experience with this course. course material were up to date and video presentations were quit interactive.  once again thank you so much University of North Carolina at Chapel
Hill and Coursera for such fruitful course offering. i highly recommend this to everyone.
It has been an excellent journey for me, I just graduated from dentistry school, and want to enter to this field of Public health, to make a change in populations, and communities around the world, this is the start of an adventure for me, before I take my master degree, and travel around the world for doing a volunteering an internship in Africa and Asia. Thank you.
This is the first online course I have ever enrolled, it's an amazing jouney to me. Actually, I have already learnt Epidemiology in my home collage so it is not too difficult for me to catch on the course. Thanks to Dr. Kirin and Lorriane, you did a beautiful job. However if anyone who is finding the most suitable course for Public Health, I highly recomment !!!
The information from this course was helpful in expanding my knowledge regarding public health. It is very informative and covers many topics about Epidemiology. Though, it would be greatly appreciated to know the right answers to those questions that the takers got wrong. Overall, Hard but worth it for those who want to venture into the world of public health.
Firstly, thanks to the authority and coursera. The benefits I will get from the course can not be described in words. I had zero knowledge in Epidemiology before the course. Now,I have sufficient amount of knowledge and I am confident that it will help me to contribute in the society espeically during this Pandemic Covid19. Thank you again. God bless us all.
I am entering public health from another educational background. I plan to take the graduate course in epidemiology next spring when it is offered. This has given me a very helpful introduction to the field, as well as a review of statistics I learned in the past and different ways than I have used to analyze data. Thank you for making this available.
I am very grateful to you this introductory course, it has helped me a lot. I'm about to start a Master of Public Health and the seen here will be a great support. The topics were handled in a very practical way and explicit. No doubt in finding new college courses to which they belong, and considers much a doctorate. Greetings from Acapulco, Mexico.
Well, am so thrilled with each moment I spent learning more about the basic Science of Public Health.Enormous thanks to Dr. Karin Yeatts and Dr. Lorraine Alexander. thank you for the time and the great knowledge enriching modules you put forward for us.The Discussion forums were wonderful and helpful in many ways; thank you and thank you again.
This class was extremely helpful to me in understanding how to read epidemiological papers that I am encountering in my research.  The first week was quite introductory, but after that there was a lot of meat and I learned a lot.  I would recommend this class to anyone who has to read medical literature as part of their education or their job.
It was a thrilling experience to complete Epidemiology (The Basic Science of Public Health)  offered by Coursera. I am now excited to obtain the Certificate as I have paid by net banking an amoumt of required 1928/-INR & also submitted my photo ID.I want to know how long it will take to issue this certificateThanks & RegardsDr.Balbir S.Dewan
It has been awhile since I completed this course.  I just wrapped up my time as a Public Health Advisor in the US Army and this course was a review for me as I prepped for that new assignment.  I recommend it for anyone trying to establish their baseline of understanding as well as to people in the field that have stepped away for time.
Wow.. This is an awesome MOOCs.. I really loved the way in which the most complicated concepts are explained in an easily understandable way.. I got a lot of concepts and doubts clarified through this course.. I would like to strongly recommend this course for the epidemiologists who are involved basically in teaching and research..
Very intersting for  it provides  a basic understanding of the epidemiology discipline. Once one have completed the course, he/ she still have eagerness to  know about epidemiologic features in depth as they have been presented with motivating examples.  I am grateful for the work performed by  tutors of this course! Many thanks!
I was unsure whether or not I wanted to study Public Health before I began this course. Every lecture was interesting and left me wanting more, the quizzes were at times difficult and I had to review the lectures. It was everything I wanted and more, and I'm excited to say I'm starting my undergraduate degree in the coming year!
Epidemiology: The Basic Science of Public Health provides a fantastic introduction to the field of epidemiology! This course is a great way to learn about the causes and spread of disease as well as different mathematical techniques that allow epidemiologists to determine measures of occurrence. I highly recommend this course!!
It was my first online learning experience and it was very good I would say. I am currently pursuing a masters degree in Public Health and the course helped understand the concepts in more focused and detailed manner with the help of multiple choice questions and the end of each sessions. overall it was a nice experience.
The teachers are fantastic. The content is introductory, but it covers a lot of information in an easy and clear way. Also, it helped me to pass the exam to enter into a Master's program in Epidemiology. It was really helpful, even more than some very well-known introductory books on the field. Thank you, it was great!!
Great introductory course. Very organised  with a lot of interesting information especially about the history of epidemiology. I believe that starting from the beginnings is the best way to truly understand a concept. One great thing is that every concept was supported by examples from the real world of epidemiology.
Thank you very much Karin and Lorraine for your course! It really helped to understand more about Epidemiology, but more importantly about the mathematics behind them! I'm sure going to put in practice all the knowledge you gracefully displayed on those lessons! Thanks very much, your job is of really high quality!
Thanks for providing this excellent opportunity to learn and review the basics of Epidemiology. This course will be an asset to my profession and met my expectations. The modules were well developed and provided sufficient information. Videos were clear and to the point. Extra readings were valuable to the course.
this course is very interesting explained in simple languagesyet hard and confusing while attempting the testpretty hard to earn a certificateThank you so much for the free course and certificate which is till 31st Julyif it can be extended it will be very grateful for the people of low and middle income countries
This course was an entertaining and light introduction to the aims, methods, metrics and approaches of epidemiology. There was special focus on the connection between health behaviors, notably smoking, and health outcomes, lung cancer in particular. The instructors made the material interesting and easy to follow.
Thanks very much for this course. I'll be entering a doctoral program in public health (focusing on social and behavioural sciences) this Fall, and found this to be a great refresher in basic Epi concepts and methods. I would very interested in a more advanced course, should it be offered at a later time.
This is the first time I have learnt Epidemiology. It's give me a chance to know professional information about it. As I thought, It's a difficult cause. So many definitions are difficult to distinguish.  I hope in the future I could learn more, especially in pharmacoepidemiology. Thank you very much.
The course has been structured very well. Suitable for biologists without a strong mathematical background. I truly appreciate the hard work of the course instructors for designing a course that is worthy for the general audience as well as for those belonging to the field of bio-medical sciences.
A really great place to start with epidemiology. I feel more confident to move on into more intense courses. The statistics portions were well-explained, especially for someone like me who only has a passing knowledge of statistics. I really enjoyed how structure the learning goals were as well.
At the beginning of the course I felt like I was not going to handle. However, with the passing of the course, with the incredible didactics of the teachers, I ended up falling in love with the field of study and now I intend to pursue a career related to that. Thank you very much, Coursera!
Excellent course. It's very informative and well detailed. The lectures and explanation videos are educative and extremely good. The lecturers are proficient and brilliantly explained the content and subject material. I learnt a lot and most definitely improved my knowledge in Public Health.
A very comprehensive and insightful course on the important features of Epidemiology such as Experimental study designs and measures of association between causal events and health outcomes. It was a very informative course which I thoroughly enjoyed by gaining epidemiological perspectives.
This course is a great first look into Epidemiology.  It covers a wide range of material from the general to the specific and does a great job teaching some of the statistical tools used by epidemiologists.  I highly recommend this course to everyone with even a small interest in the field.
Course is well presented and laid out. Very easy for a beginner to the subject to follow and understand. I took this course as I was unable to fully understand a similar course in my own university. I really feel that this course was better structured, with more accessible explanations.
This carefully designed course includes a range of learning materials that help understand the current understanding of the epidemiology, its variables, tools and applications. Great not only for entry level learners, but as a refresher for those who practice public health in the field.
I really enjoy this short course about the basis of public health. It's a course for students from other major, like me. The quiz questions are well designed and challenging. I usually had to retake couple times to pass them. Overall, this is a great course! Thank you for providing it!
If you are looking for a quick and easy entry into Epidemiology, this course is a great overview.  It gives you the tools to understand how certain conclusions were made and what types of problems there may be with studies. It is also great for just the epidemiology vocab and jargon.
The course was effectively given me the most important points of epidemiology, especially in the eye of public health. A short, yet comprehensive explanations of each topic have piqued my interest more and more in epidemiology. I would love to recommend this course to my colleagues.
The course was phenomenal. I liked that the questions kept me on my toes and I really needed to study and understand the course content. Overall, it was a wonderful experience and the right course to stir my desire to pursue a Masters in Public Health and Epidemiology as a track.
Really interesting course! It covers all the basic aspects of Epidemiology. I had some previous knowledge but the course really helped me to understand some difficult concepts that I had some trouble with. The teachers are really nice and they provide amazing aditional resources
Whao. finally I have completed this course. Very nice course. I recommend for all persons interested in public health nationally and globally. Thanks Coursera for this opportunity to learn so much at my convenience and for the impact of knowledge you avail me. Thanks once more.
Great course! The tutors are explain concepts really well and the additional reading materials are quite helpful (in some cases, necessary). I will absolutely recommend for people who are interested in public health but do not necessarily have a background there. Cheers!
I'm a teenager and I have a strong passion for Epidemiology. I didn't think that it would be possible to find a course that could cater to my minimal knowledge but the explanations and quizzes really helped me grasp this field a lot better. Would definitely recommend.
I have just completed Module 1 and I am really enjoying the course. Good quality presentations with a good depth of subject matter. From a health professional's (RN, ENP) who has not studied this subject before, this is an excellent introduction to the topic so far.
Quite informative, I would like to see more content on confidence intervals and research validity (this chapter seemed to be abbreviated).  I think it will be good to periodically overview this course again to refresh the necessary epidemiological concepts. Thanks!
Thank you for encouraging me to continue the courses and quiz! I was moved by the motivational emails of the course for the first time since I started Coursera. Now I'm considering to apply to NC's online degree programs of public health, and change my career path.
Course was very difficult, especially at the beginning.  After reading ERIC and studying it became easier.  I learned a great deal.  Thank all of you for this opportunity.  I would not have had this chance without Coursera or UNC- Chapel Hill.  Helen Karen Radford
Extremely well organized and informative. I loved the extra reading material provided as it was very straightforward and helpful for overall understanding of the concepts. I'm looking forward to learning more from the School of Public Health at UNC in the future.
I really appreciate this course and how simple and clear the concepts of ratio measures and how to work the formulas.  I am "math challenged", so this was a wonderful thing for me to be able to work through that with relative ease.  Thank you for a GREAT course!
It is an amazing course. Both of the lectures tell the details about epidemiology, so the new learners, including me, can follow and understand the learning materials easily. Applause to University of Northern Carolina for making such an beneficial course.
Extremely informative and enlightening for someone getting introduced to the field of epidemiology and public health. Questionnaires were intricate for the most part and really demanded a degree of thinking from us. Overall very satisfied with the course!
I always struggled to understand some epidemiological concepts and, in consequence, my research article reading skills were very poor. The videos, articles, and comparative tables have been very useful...you will not regret doing this course. Great Job!
Information was engaging and clearly presented. I plan to continue seeking public health course/certificate opportunities to support my role as a nurse practitioner and global health advocate.  Thank you so much for the opportunity to take this course!!
This course will give you a general (but deep) view about epidemiology and help you to understand key concepts necessaries to any professional that wants to be more critical to interpret any information that read. I felt sad when the course finished :)
Very good introduction to public health. As a Biological Sciences student, I was introduced to One Health and this developed an interest in finding out more about public health! Thank you for explaining the concepts that make it easy to understand!
This course is exellent to have a complete vision of the field of Epidemiology. Iam considering myself studying a Master in this subject. The course gives you a great overview about what Epidemiology is , and I think they have achieved it very well
This course is very good and especially suitable for beginners. The course provides foundational knowledge of epidemiology in public health with clear explantion and many examples for clarification. Thank all of lecturers and Coursera platform. :)
Great course! The course covers fundamental concepts and terms used within the field of epidemiology. It also strengthens the knowledge, understanding and design of the different types of studies that may be useful for scientists in basic science.
I liked the course because there were many examples of research. Given information was brief and precise. Tests were difficult but interesting. I am very glad that I took this course. I want to thank Dr. Karin Yeatts and Dr. Lorraine Alexander!
I found this to be an excellent review course to re-immerse myself into my Ph.D. epidemiology program.  I highly recommend the course as a refresher to epidemiology, especially for those seeking to supplement their knowledge of epidemiology.
Excellent revision course for those who would have previously been introduced to Epidemiology and great for those who are now being introduced to the field.Reviewing of the added reading materials is recommended for heightened comprehension.
This course can give you the very basic knowledge about epidemiology. If you are a student of biological science, health science or public health, you should acquire knowledge about epidemiology and this course can give you a start.
Concise and easy to follow. The course aroused my interest in Epidemiology and is not that difficult to beginners. It's a good start for those who have an intention to explore more in this filed or just get a general idea about it.
this course teaches precise and useful concepts of epidemiology. the way of teaching is simple yet understandable. thanks a lot to all the teachers for putting in their efforts and for providing us with an opportunity to learn it!
I struggle with Epidemiology and Statistics, and this course helped me to get a better understanding of the teories of Epidemiology and helped me to use it in practic. Thank you for putting so much time in building these modules.
I learnt epidemiological topic such as cohort study, ecology study , measures of frequency ,measures of association, measures of precision and their ratios details. It was very interesting to me.I will learn more in the future.
loved this class! learned so much about epidemiology during such a crucial time. I understand so much more about the behind the scenes, and hope to be able to advance my learning in epidemiology and public health in the future.
Excellent!! Now I understand more about Epidemiology!! I'm trying to get into a masters in Public Health or Healthcare Administration, so this will be really helpful to me!! I'll definitely search your graduate programs :)
A great introduction to the field of epidemiology. The lectures are easy to follow and understand. I liked the examples, which also gave a good insight in studies and possible opportunities to apply the gained knowledge.
Really found this course very useful and helpful in giving not just an overview but understanding key concepts in the field of epidemiology. It was well paced and the fact that we could reset datelines was a lifesaver.
This is a very good course.  I'm a resident physician and am looking forward to completing it.  I didn't realize I would be so busy with work last month.  I'm hoping to finish it this month if it is still available.
I loved this course. It provides the foundation of epidemiology with such a level of details that encourage me to keep looking for more info. Great teaching and supporting materials. I highly recommend this course.
This course is absolutely a good introduction for people who are interested in public health. I believe the course provide some basic understanding about epidemiology, especially in the scenario of COVID-19 crisis.
The mechanism with which the tutors dissected this seemingly undecodeable course leaves me in awe. It simplified the course. Gave me the opportunity to make time preferences and aid my convinience. So explicit!
This course is just the right dose of information in fulfilling my curiosity in Public Health, specifically epidemiology. I have no background in this field, though, I am looking into furthering my education.
Great course. Especially, the quizzes which kept me on my toes.  Although this is a self paced course but you should release the answer key after some time as some of the questions still bother me. Thank you!
Thanks for the course. It was really helpful to review some of the topics in basic epidemiology. The course could be more better with better presentation and by sharing more basic information in a simple way.
5/5 as an intro course. I wish that there had been some more in depth learning, but this course is intended only to give a broad overview of epidemiology. Good lectures, good examples, all around good course.
This is a great course for anyone wanting to start a career in epidemiology. I apply the concepts i learnt in my day today research and understanding clinical science. Thanks to the instructors and Coursera.
Great course. Contained little pieces of information that adds to my knowledge of epidemiology. I am grateful that I am associated with Coursera, because of which I was able to add stuff to my encyclopedia.
This course is such great help especially during this time of coronavirus. It helped me gain a better understanding of the data that I see on the media on diseases and the field of epidemiology as a whole.
I  found the course very informative and technical to the right level. I have finally understood the evading topic of measures of  health outcome occurrence and association including how to interpret them.
Wowza!!! That was so awesome!!! Thank you to Coursera and to my fantastic lecturers for giving me so much fun and enjoyment in studying this brilliant short course. The course was extremely satisfying!!!
Not very in-depth, but I don't think it was really meant to be. Good starting off point to see if you like this kind of thing, and it's helped me understand the important concepts behind public health.
Very clear teaching strategies from the instructors. Some quizzes though are a little bit hard on my part because of the type of questions and answers. But overall it is a great course to take with.
I started this course to refresh my knowledge. The lecturers has made the boring stuff in epidemeology into easy to learn contents.Thank you very muchI hope to join more of your courses in future.
I just completed my course and I would like to appreciate the tutors for doing a great job, yeah! Also, I recommend Coursera for anyone who wants to experience advancement in knowledge and career.
Very useful and comprehensive information. I warmly recommend this course to all the ones interested in getting a proper understanding of the terms, concepts and designs used in clinical studies.
Interesting, a great introduction in epidemiology and public health. I especially enjoyed the experimental trials design lectures. A good start for someone who wants to have a view in the field.
I loved this course, I have a BS and MS in Biology, but I've had a strong interest in Public health and Epidemology and this course has just heightened my interest even more.  Thank You so much
It's a very great course for beginners who want to know the basics of epidemiology, I learned a lot from it. It gives a lot of examples, pictures, flashed to explain things, easy to understand.
Absolutely tremendous course for those interested in research! This course helps to make one familiar with the scientific terms which we came across regularly in medical literature. Great Job!
I enjoyed this course very much. Was an excellent refresher for myself and all the material, additional reading resources and instruction from the professors was clear and concise. Thank you!
I had no prior knowledge on epidemiology at all. But the explanations made it easy for me to understand everything easily. Learned a great lot of new things from this course. It was great!
Great for beginners in Epidemiology! Not too intense, but covers topics from epidemiological studies, risks and ratios, calculation of CI and p-values. Very informative and easy to follow!
I have needed such a class to be challenged in my career as a Clinical Exercise Physiologist. It has add to being up to date on research epidemiology and interpretation.Thank you so much!
I am a 3rd year student of dentistry and I've always hated public health. But this course opened my eyes to what public health actually is and I am very grateful to the teachers for that
This Epidemiology basics course is very good for the learners, who actually wants his/her career in the public health sector. I wish good luck to the instructors for their endeavours.
Well managed course. Excellent teachers with good teaching skills, I didnt expect myself to complete this course on time but  you compelled me to work harder and achieve it. Thank you
Thank you very much. It provided a very good basic foundation of epidemiology, public health & research designs to me. Excellent videos &  additional resources. Love from Bangladesh.
It  was a great experience to be a part of this course and I have enjoyed a lot and come to know  lots of new things that open my thinking process and got so many ideas for research
One of, if not the, best course in the topic. Highly recommended for med students, statisticians, graduate doctors and public health servers. Great job Dr. Yeatts and Dr. Alexander!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Very efficient course for someone who wants their basic to be cleared. The quizzes were a bit difficult and also, the quizzes made things clearer.
A very interesting and informative course, it gave me a good start in the field of epidemiology in a simple and organized way.. I am happy I joined your class ..Thank you very much
One of the best course ever I came-across. Pedagogical approach is excellent. Clarity of concepts with genuine examples are helpful in better understanding. Keep it up. Thank You
The best course with best syllabus and outline. The beauty of this course  "Simple and advanced. Thanks you UNC to provide us with brilliant educational content and certificate
The course has the basic fundamentals in the field of epidemiology in public health science and I will recommend this course to everyone interested in public health in general
This class is wonderful for those looking to get a foundation in  public health! A very comprehensive, well-structured syllabus that is well adjusted to suit an online course.
This is a great course.  I learned a lot and was challenged a lot.  Thank you professors! I hope to see you online again for a credited course certificate in the near future.
Thank You so much, literally one of the best courses here! I loved every second of it, and am so happy that i've learned so much more about epidemiology and public health <3
it was superb experience at coursera to get certificate on completing the course. I'll refer these courses to my friends and colleagues and will also join the other courses.
Have been interested in this field, especially due to my own observations and some study of current covid-19 pandemic. I hope I will be able to better apply this knowledge.
I am currently a high school student who has finished this amazing course. It is quite knowledgeable and the videos are really very informative. I had fun learning . THANKS
amazing course.  more informative. intricate details , yet outlined clearly and twisted questions , made me curious as whats next. i enjoyed it fully .great instructors !!
Very good course. I really liked the way both instructors simplified learning such that I am able to grasp important concepts I learned 15 years back in my medical school.
the first few weeks were pretty difficult but it was worth it in the end. I love studying about epidemiology i hope i can apply these knowledge to the my life. thank you!
To the course instructors, "Thank you for a very informative  and interesting course". I have learnt alot.Samantha HenryRotary Ambassadorial ScholarGuyana, South America
I enjoyed the presentation of the course; course material simplifies complex concepts which makes learning interesting. I look forward to joining another MOOC from UNC.
This course was very helpful as a refresher for the epidemiology course I complete years ago. I would recommend it to anyone who wishes to learn or just need to review.
This course help me understand  history of epidemology, study design and methods to measure association and causaliy. I am very satisfied with this course. I appreciate
Great introduction to epidemiology, clear explanations and structured view of the subject. I learned a lot and it made me want to know more about this area. Thank you!
Wonderful introduction to the field of Epidemiology.  Very well presented - lectures were full of information and definitely gave me a good understanding of the field.
It was a great course it helped me understand the basics of epidemiology and the Instructors were superb.Thank you. May you continue to share knowledge with the world
The course structure was dynamic and well planned.  There were just enough video/lectures and readings to maintain interest, yet be rigorous and informative.  Thanks.
As a Guidance Counsellor, i find this interesting. Adding to my knowledge about health, risk factors, rates and prevalence of diseases and health outcomes. its a wow.
Provides a fundamental understanding of epidemiological studies to the point of upgrading my epistemological understanding through causal inference. Real thanks :)))
The lecture is so clear and persuasive. I love the way the lecturer convey the knowledge, so soft and easy to understand. Hope this course more develop in the future
It was very interesting course i have ever taken the concise explanations got me feeling already in the field thanks coursera and i strongly recommend  this course
I really enjoyed the teaching and the course materials! I also appreciated that the exams were not super easy and really required you to be engaged in the course!
This is a wonderful introductory course explaining the basic concept of epidemiology. There is still a long way to go, like diving into the causal inference, etc.
I love this course! it helps me a lot in preparing my basic knowledge of Public Health before starting my master's degree in Public Health. Thank you, professors!
It was a very helpful course for me in preparing for my master's program in public health. Dr David is a very good teacher and it was a great learning experience!
the content of this course is very good, though I think some of the quiz are sometime confusing. I really enjoy the course and I learn a lot from it. Thank you!!
The test was really hard especially for multiple choice, but I was happy to take this course. It was such a great opportunity to learn about basic epidemiology.
I liked the course very much. Within no time I was able to add epidemilogy skills to my list of skills. Thank you very much professors for your time.Best,Vivek
This covers a lot but in a clear and manageable fashion.  Really impressed to find this available, just wish there were more public health courses on Coursera!
Excellent Tutorial, Video , Presentation and reading Material. Could never get this kind of training elsewhere . Thanks to the Presenters for an excellent job
I appreciate the idea of this course. I found it's usefulness and relevance with Nutrition. Public health Nutrition is Definitely what i would love to explore
Amazing and simple introduction to epidemiology! The additional resources resume the information very well and facilitate reviewing the content of the course
The course covered the epidemiology concepts with examples. The explanation was lucid . Very good 👍 course for getting introduced to public health domain.
It is an eye opener. It is worth the while. I am so happy i took the course and i recommend it for starters in the field of epidemiology and public health.
This course gave me a great basic knowledge before entering this area. lessons are really clear and additional documents perfectly summarize the subjects.
Very interesting and educative. Well done to the two beautiful tutors, you sure made it interesting. Looking forward to more interesting courses with you.
Though I have studied this course in my master course, this course really increased the insight on epidemiology. I learned many things and enjoyed a lot
Very challenging introduction to Epidemiology. The tests were very thought provoking but fair. I am interested in completing more courses in this field.
First of all i would like to thank our course instructors i have learnt more things from this course and it is very useful to me thank you so much mam.
Excellent.If Epidemiology is not your main field,this is the point to begin.It teaches precisely the basics needed to understand Epidemiology science.
I love this course about their explanation about epidemiology, but the quiz is very hard! If you love a challenge, this course may be perfect for you.
The course is a wonderful opportunity to learn at your own convenience, it requires some determination and tenacity but it is worth all the effort.
This course provided a very clear and helpful introduction to epidemiology.  I particularly liked the explanation about how to establish causality.
I'm here for a refresher on epidemiology during this COVID-19 pandemic and this course tackled almost everything we discussed in class. Thank you!
I have to admit that this course is quite difficult especially the first two weeks. However, I can't deny that I really learned a lot. Thank you!
Thank very much for all the information and lectures shared. It was a very helpful course to get into public health.Best regards!Karina Vázquez.
The explanations in this course were excellent. Nothing was difficult to understand and the quizzes were especially good for critical thinking.
Enrolling in this online course not only adds to my knowledge but also equipped me with the right mindset and preparation for my future career.
Find good platform to learn about basic concepts of epidemiology which can be applied in planning of any study design and disease investigation
Excellent introduction to the field of Epidemiology.  The lectures were very good and the material was presented in a clear and orderly manner.
very easy to understand. loved all the videos and the information that was provided. the quiz at the end was helpful in testing my knowledge.
great course.  enjoyed the content.  Had a little trouble with the test initially.  otherwise good information.  will suggest to co-workers.
This has been a wonderful experience to me, so easy to understand. Thank you, University of North Carolina, Gillings School of Public Health
Very informative, especially in the time of COVID-19. The course has persuaded me into looking further at public health careers. Thank you!
The course is short and concise. It made me more interested in the field of Public Health. Kudos to UNC-Chapel Hill for making this course!
Learned a lot about quantitative aspects of epidemiology which I can directly use in my own Research Work. Great Additional resources too!
Great course, very informative for beginners.  Examples used throughout lectures to help understand material.Recommend to other beginners.
This course was more interesting than I expected, it met my expectations and aroused in me a great interest in epidemiology as a student.
Very clear explanation, strict to the point, simple words, normal speed in speaking makes Asian student easier to understand. Thank you!!
A great course, it shows comprehensive information about Epidemiology on a beginer level, but some of the quizzes are very hard to pass.
I like this, but maybe you can use partial scoring for "select all that apply" question, maybe with a very low score is also applicable
Great introduction to Epidemiology, I really enjoyed it and helped me to remember relevant concepts and its applications. Many thanks!
This course was really informative, fun learning and challenging at times. I'm inspired (and a bit more confident) to apply for a MPH
An amazing which was well delivered. I have learnt a lot about Epidiomology and hope to learn more as I begin my journey in Medicine.
Very good introductory course for epidemiology! The instructors are very comprehensive in explaining the concepts of epidemiology!
Well-designed courses and clear outline. Strongly recommended. Thanks for this course leading me into the journey of epidemiology!
I really enjoy taking the course, I found it interesting and complete, I do recommend taking the course if you like epidemiology.
Amazing lecture and helpful information. Even speakers were great, as they explained each and every point with suitable examples.
This was actually a great course as I have learned a lot from the lectures. I would definitely recommend this course to my peers.
This course has been very usefull for profesionals and students of public health. Thank you for sharing us all of your knowledge
The course is interesting. It opened my eyes to public health. Now more than ever, I am keen to proceed on a postgraduate study.
The course helped me understanding the basics of public health and gave me the clear idea about the importance of public health
A great course from University of North Carolina by eminent experts. Pretty useful in brushing up my knowledge on Epidemiology.
It was a very helpful course to understand the basic Epidemiological terminologies. And begin the understanding of epidemiology
The course cleared a lot of doubts i was having in public health linked to community optometry. Thanks for the basic knowledge.
One of the most difficult courses that I took so far but the content is very meaningful and worth re-reading again. Thank you.
It is a great course with intensive amount of data. It helped me understand many things. Thanks a lot for this amazing course.
I loved this course because it was very precise with the concepts and provided simple examples. It was an excellent decision.
For a curious person to apidemiology, this course should be perfect. I enjoy this course and i learn too much informations.
This course was very clear. The struture was very easy to follow but you learn a lot. Great additional resources! Congrats!
Loved this course! I learned a lot, as this is my first course on the topic, and had no trouble understanding the material.
Informative and complete, accurately provides the basics of the course. Perfect foundation for going deeper into the study.
Well organized and while challenging, fluent course materials in this course provides a fine introduction to Epidemiology.
Great Course to enter the field of epidemiology.  The course has ignited an interest in me to move forward in this field.
Felt like I came out of it a lot stronger and more confident in my foundation when evaluating research as an optometrist.
Nice course. Very useful materials, and the instructors were very helpful; they broke it down and made it understandable.
This is course is a very good introduction for anyone interested in entering the field of epidemiology and public health.
"Epidemiology: The Basic Science of Public Health" is a very well-organized, insightful and prestigious online course.
Very informative and liked the mini quizzes in between and the visuals as well.  Made the learning experience smooth.
An informative and nicely structured course. Recommend those who want to gather precise knowledge about Epidemiology.
I love this course. This course makes me understand how to learn about the basic of epidemiology. Thank you so much.
It was worth my time. Hope to pursue my career in PH. Thank you so much for making epidemiology look so easy for me.
This was my first course in coursera and I really enjoyed it, all the information was clear and very helpful. Thanks
a great course for everyone that wants to start epidemiology! it helped me a lot at my epidemiology class in my uni.
Excellent, I learned a lot about the topic and I could integrate psychological research concepts with epidemiology.
Thank you for such an innovative and informative course. Very amazing and to the point and simple at the same time.
A great course, very dynamic and interesting and covering all the basics in epidemiology. Absolutely recommendable!
Liked the pace of the course and the level of detail. If you are interested in Epidemiology, I would recommend it.
One of the best courses on this platform. Complete, simple and very detailed, with useful exercises and examples .
This was the perfect course to introduce me to the field of public health, a new career that I would like to pursu
Very well delivered online course. Lecturers were able to explained the concepts of epidemiology concepts clearly.
A very well instructed and guided course, quizzes were pretty difficult but all the information was given. Great!
Excellent content, excellent professors, iwell structured with basic and clear concepts. Gained lot of knowledge.
A good short course to begin a journey in Epidemiology. Quizzes were tasking but definitely do-able. Recommended!
It is the best course I have done. It helps me to perceive the knowledge of population, health outcome, disease.
Great course and well-organized. I highly recommend it if looking for an introduction to public health concepts.
This course is an excellent introduction to Epidemiology.  I am  prepared to pursue my interests in the subject.
Tough quizzes but its well said "you need to heat and beat the iron to re-shape". its totally worth your effort.
Good introduction to the field of Epidemiology. I obtained useful knowledge i this interesting area. Thank you!
Thorough series with clear, relevant examples and excellent references for those of us who want to dive deeper.
I was more than pleased to see the huge amount of information in a 5 week duration course. Very professional !
I will use this in my work as a public health nurse. This is a good first step to understanding epidemiology.
Good overview of public health and a great refresher of the concepts I learned during my MPH courses. Thanks!
The course was very enlightening and was taught at a level which beginners like me could easily understand.
As a novice to the field of epidemiology, I have found that the course is very informative and insightful.
The course was excellent. Topics and various concepts were clearly explained and were easy to understand.
This course gave me great understanding of measures of association and statistic behind the Public Health
Excellent course for students or professionals who want to learn the fascinating science of epidemiology
Interesting course excellently delivered by two of the best minds in epidemiology. highly recommended...
it was like a summary-short, clear and of great importance to all the learners of epidemiology! Thankyou
Is easy to learn the subjects because they are well explained, and this course has excellent professors
many thanks for all what you have done, you make love epidemiology and seriously entering the field...
Amazing Course. With experience in biostatistics I had a great time in applying them in public health.
Excellent course. Very Helpful in forming a foundation for thinking in public health. Highly recommend
Awesome material!! It helped to remember a lot concepts that I studied 10 years ago! I do recommend :)
It was indeed a great course.  The professors did a great job at delivering each lesson.Thank you all
I have an accounting degree and this class has reopened my eyes to studies of numbers....Thank you..
A magnificent course, with clear explanations. Best course for all who wants to learn epidemiology.
Great introduction!  The course provided excellent resources and lectures that were easy to follow.
This course was great and I think is appropriate for people at a huge range of educational levels!
Wonderful course, I was able to learn so much about epidemiology due to understandable vocabulary.
I find this course really helpful to introduce as well as prepare me for the epidemiology course.
It was a well-organised course, providing a good revision of the basic knowledge of Epidemiology.
Amazing at explaining biostatistic concepts and the principles of epidemiology. Great experience!
Very well organized with clear, precise format. I enjoyed the quality of the learning materials.
LOVED IT! Very informative and so many resources to branch out and explore more about the field.
Great pace. Interesting content. I learnt a lot from this course. Thank you to the instructors!
It was a great course. I never passed any Epidemiology courses like this, fluent and efficient.
This course is amazing. It opened windows for my current Ph.D in Public Health Community Health
The course in concise yet complete in itself. It gives you a good introduction to epidemiology.
This was a great course. The explanations were direct and clear. The examples given were lucid.
A well organised course. additional study materials reinforces videos perfectly. I enjoyed it!
Very interesting course,a bit hard at times but I learned a lot and really enjoyed this course
Really great course to learn basics of Public health. Liked the lectures and course structure
Very informative and helpful. One of the best courses I attended so far. Thank you for this.
I appreciate the contents of all modules and explanations were excellent and comprehensive.
It's such a wide course, it is however very encompassing. Big thumbs up to the facilitators
Data science is my passion, I love to do data analysis in public health to help our people.
had great time learning .THANKS to respectable teachers & coursera. Shiza Ghani, Pakistan.
The course explains key concepts in an easy to understand manner. Glad to be a part of it.
Thanks for this very interesting course on line, thanks to both teachers, that was perfect
thanks for amazing  exposure...it helps me a lot in clearing the concepts of epidemiology
It was wonderful experience. This is very useful course for public health professionals.
The course was awesome as i learnt a lot of details.Hopefully it will help me in future.
Very much informative and knowledge gaining course. Thank you for this wonderful course
Very clear and useful. The section about 'Measures of association' was specially good :
Learned a lot from a layman! Some statical terms and concepts are challenging to grasp!
This is a very clear course, the materials videos and lectures are very useful. Thanks!
Excellent course for someone, as me, who had not have previous experience in the field.
This course refreshed my information about Epidemiology and added more to my knowledge.
Great course!!!I learn a lot of new things and reformulate many misunderstood concepts.
Highly informative course. Useful for building the foundations of Public health studies
It was great to learn about epidemiology and public health from the masters of the art.
IT WAS SO MUCH INFORMATIVE COURSE FOR ME. I LEARN A LOT OF THINGS THROUGH THIS COURSE.
Excellent course presented in a very  nice manner with useful contents .....thank you
Very informative course and gives you the understanding of epidemiology from scratch.
The course was filled with lots of interesting insights! I am glad to have taken it.
i realy enjoyed this course. give good material about epidemiology and public health
Very good foundation for someone new to public health. Thank you to our instructors.
Love the course ...thanks guys for giving me the opportunity to have this knowledge.
Very good course material and its really helpful for understanding public health.
GREAT COURSE COULD BE BETTER WITH MORE IN DEPTH CONTENT AND MORE READING MATERIAL
This is very helpful. Thanks. The presentations and explanations are very helpful
This is a great course that everyone interested in epidemiology should enroll in!
These are clearly well designed and structured essential basics in epidemiology.
Amazing course! It is highly recommended to anybody interested in public health.
It's a great course for beginners, who choose the public health as progression.
A well detailed lecture notes with practical examples.Kudos to the instructors.
amazing content, simple language, tricky assessments help to brush ur knowledge
This was my first online course. I learned a great deal and enjoyed the course.
I like to learn epidemiology basic courses through coursera application Thanks!
It is a very interesting course. I really have learnt a lot about epidemiology.
Great for understanding public health strategies during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The coarse  precisely and concisely  says everything about basic epidemiology.
The mentors were quite good and the course was designed nicely for beginners.
Useful content for health area.Easy to understand. Really love this course!!!
Glad I could participate in this course. I learned so much from this course.
Actually it was an amazing course thank you very much for these informations
This course has excellent tutors and material. I liked this course very much
Very Insightful and helped me get a good basic understanding of Epidemiology
Excellent course with touching on almost all important topics.Nicely paced.
Informative course that is easy to navigate and not too difficult to follow
Only part way through, however the course has been highly enjoyable so far.
This course is well-organized and it is challenging to complete the quizzes
Excellent course. Very help helpful with understanding basic epidemiology.
The course is great and has very new information It is highly recommended!
Well organized - presentation engaging -  Makes it a pleasure to take part
Quiz are challenging and mind opening . video can be improved . thank you
Thorough and clear course layout. Engaging and interesting. I enjoyed it!
Very informative and professional course. Great instructors and teachers.
Great course! basic knowledge to start the comprehension of Epidemiology.
Excellent content and really well evaluing quizzes keep up the good work
Helpful learning in the existing crisis of COVID-19 pandemic. Thank you!
Very good course for health researchers and a strict question evaluation
I  learned many new terms and explanations in epidemiology.THANKS A LOT
The course was very usefull and the assigments made my brain to think.
simple and informative with a lot of examples to clarify all the ideas
this course is very clear and specific to understand the Epidemiology.
good.but why i can't see my certificate? i already completed and paid.
This course is superb.... i was introduced to the basics Epidemiology
The mode of delivery was perfect, I enjoyed all the lectures. Thanks.
I really enjoy the course, it's an eye opener on public health for me
A well-organized course for the beginners. Thanks to the instructors.
Best online course I've persued so far. Keep providing free courses.
Good basic intro to epidemiologic terms and very basic calculations.
I really enjoyed the class. I love coursera and my instructors too.
good course for learning about epidemiology and public health issue
A very nice course. The very basics of epidemiology is introduced.
Basic concepts of epidemiology Study designs associations measures
Great for the begginers and the curious! Sorry for the bad english
The course was so good and involving, at the same time difficult.
I really enjoyed ths course. Now I know a lot about epidemiology!
It was very interactive course. I enjoyed the lectures very much.
this course is so important to all professional of health public
I really enjoyed this class, very comprehensive. Thanks Coursera
So , I get a good knowledge about epidemiology, Really thanks .
Lovely course....it opened my eyes to be willing to learn more
I learnt so many new things even though I am statistics major.
Excellent course and smooth learning experience for beginners.
Learned a lot about epidemiology. Professors are really great!
Great overview of the field of epidemiology. I learned a ton!
Great course for learning the basic science of public health.
So marvelous, tactical and straight forward Course. Thumb up!
very enjoyable and interesting however quite definition heavy
Lots of great material in an easy-to-understand presentation!
Great course, well structured, with concepts well explained.
I enjoyed every minute of the course... Very informative!!;
I find this course very interesting and easy to understand.
Great introductory course. Clear explanations and examples.
Excellent introduction to epidemiology with a good overview
Nice way to start my journey in global health..............
Great information, really puts current events into context
Very challenging yet informative! I recommend this course!
This course is very helpful for public health students....
good information. organized well and not too many lectures
very helpful,impressed by coherent topics in epidemiology.
Perfect classto start leaning the basics of Epidemiology.
It is a great introduction to the field of public health!
I have learnt a lot from the course, thank you sooo much
So helpful course !! I've learned a lot. Thank you ^___^
Good base course for introduction experience. Cheers up.
had a strong start with stats, so wasn't too difficult.
This course is very much knowledgeable and informative.
Great course , I really enjoyed and also learnt a lot .
Thank you for your passion and your lectures. Thank you
Fantastic course, with lots of worthwhile information!m
It was a wonderful experience. I was greatly benefited.
Most tricky questions I never attempt in other course.
Very informative, well structured lectures and quizzes
THE COURSE IS SELF EXPLANATORY AND EASY TO COMPREHEND.
Most comprehensive course. I am glad to be part of it.
This course is very helpful for research study purpose
Geat cours suppling the general views of epidimiology.
A very good Basic and Refresher course on Epidemiology
Very easy to unestand and now I feel more motivated to
i really enjoyed the course and the way it was taught
This is a very informative and concise course for the
Good and concise introduction course for epidemiology
it is of great useful for beginners in public health
Great course for entering the world of Epidemiology!
An excellent expose to the rudiments of epidemiology
Succinct and well-designed for entry-level students
Concise, insightful and relevant teaching material!
It was very informative and learned a lot from it.
Very hard material, tough, Deep well of knowledge.
Very interesting, comprehensive and easy-to-learn.
i dont have anything to say but this is very good
Epidemiology: The Basic Science of Public Health
This is a very excellent and interesting course.
Extremely beneficial. Professional and detailed.
Good course to learn the basics of epidemiology.
This course was very effective and informative.
Great course for beginning of the Epidemiology.
Excellent course, a clear view of Epidemiology!
it is agreat course and i learn alot from this
Excellent course , Informative and Resourceful
Wonderful course, full of details and examples
It was very helpful course,thank you coursera!
Very good and interesting course, I recommend.
Clean, objective and full of examples. Lovely.
Is a basic and useful approach to Epidemiology
I am grateful to have such an amazing course.
Very nice course with structured information!
Excellent teachers and a well prepare course.
I simply loved learning this!! Many thanks :)
An amazing course for intro to epidemiology!
Very informative! Great pleasure in learning
I learned a lot and the quizzes are so good.
Such a great course, informative and concise
in depth knowledge gained, excellent notes.
Great lectures and additional resources too
An awesome course which is really helpful.
Learn the basic know ledge in epidemiology
Excelent!!! Very clear and easy to follow.
GOOD INTRODUCTION TO PUBIC HEALTH SCIENCE
Very informative and very well presented!
This course is the coolest course for me.
Got valuable informations in Epidemiology
Great lessons! Great drive to learn more!
It's a very useful and interesting course
This is amazing. Kudos to the lecturers.
It was an amazing experience. That's all
It have a lot of information. Well done!
I have learned so much from this course.
It great course even for novices like me
Best ever experience Good wishes for all
This course is a good starting point foI
Great and very well explained. Loved it!
It's a wonderful and an eye-opening one
It was amazing experience. Thank a lot!
it was a great experience learned a lot
Highly informative and easier to grasp.
Awesome lecturers!Interesting classes!
Extremely challenging and informative!
Fantastic Course, Very well explained!
Thanks, it was an excellent experience
very very useful for beginners. thanks
Thank you, it is a very useful course.
I love the course! Thank you so much.
Thorough, insightful and interesting.
great tool, really easy to understand
Lovely introduction to epidemiology.
It was very helpful and informative.
awesome course. learn lots of things
Wonderful course, very informative.
so informational and very important
Very interesting and well packaged.
one of the best, highly recommended
Very interesting, I learned a lot.
It has lots of valuable concepts!!
Very helpful with clarity. Thanks
Amazing. Very useful for my carer
Amazing course! Really worth it!
What a nice and educative course
Good course for epidemiologists
Great overview of epidemiology.
Thankyouforsharingyourknowledge
Great overview of Epidemiology!
Important basic informations...
Excellent course that provided
Thank you for knowledge <3<3<3
Great and useful for beginners
Can't wait for the next course
Thank you. I learned a lot..
clear and easy to understand
Best course, learned so much
Clear and precise teachings
Material presented clearly.
Thank you for your efforts
Best 4-5 weeks of my life.
Excellent teaching methods
Well organized lectures .
very helpfull, thank youu
Everything just on point.
amazing course thank you
It was good and helpful!
good course to learn....
It was great. thank you.
Thank You. Great Course.
great learning resource
Pretty well organized!
blessed your efforts
highly useful course
Was very intersting
Delighted to learn.
Amazing thanks ❤️
Thanks to corsera
Its great course
Very much worthy
Great knowledge!
Very helpful 👌
Nicely packaged
Very Educative.
Its very ok
