No longer a entirely FREE course. 
All courses that require you to upgrade to submit quiz answers should be
 noted in the information about the course! I imagine you are loosing 
more and more people due to this. Once again greed takes precedence.
They don't let you take the quiz unless you pay for it. A sheer waste of time. They should have mentioned it beforehand that even if you enrolled for free and don't want any certificates you would still have to pay just to attempt the quiz.
I dropped out of this course twice is coz i found it absolutely dead. It says positive psychology but it really look so much constraint to even watch the first 3 videos without falling asleep. This is probably the worse course I've studied on coursera. I have studied at least 7 courses on Coursera- of which I loved Social Psychology and Criminal, and I even paid for the certificates. This course literally killed me.... The worst EVER I've come across
Superficial treatment of the subject matter.  Presentation was awkward and slow, and at times condescending in tone.  This whole course is equivalent to a 2 hour seminar on "How to live more positively" presented at local community centre.  It is not university level learning - instead it seems glib and lacking in substance.
Not a positive act to make people pay to be able to participate in the quizzes. The other audited classes allow everyone to participate in everything. We just do not become certified if we have taken the class for audit rather than credit.
I signed up to audit the course as it said I could. But then it says to submit the quiz I have to upgrade.I just lost my job and was hoping this course would help me find some positivity in this pandemic
I like it, but in my opinion is not updated, Also, some of the links because does not work. Maybe you need to re design and update some contents.
It was very boring. Content was good but tutor's way of teaching was very boring and monotonous. Felt waste of time.
Should state up front that there is no auditing. Unable to continue this course without Upgrading.
Very boring, not engaging at all. uses the phrase "you know" and "um" too much
Cannot do the tests after modules, no reply from staff.
I want to unenroll this course, Its is so boring
The course was not what I wanted
too tough to understand
It was too slow
I just finished this course. I want to give a frank feedback since I see a lot of untapped possibilities in this course. On the strengths, it began with a high note and got me glued with expectations and promises. The instructor sounded extremely comfortable and confident with her subject, and had a very calming and pleasant presence which helped establish a kind of "remote" trust. On the improvement areas, I however have a few to list. For one, the intensity, rigour and to-the-pointedness of the content sharply fell after the first week. Having known about mindfulness, Metta meditations, gratitude, it became personally disappointing to me how this course conveyed so little about them and impacted so less than can be possible with the time and space alloted. The framework which initially looked hopeful is perhaps not the best framework, as much as is said about this not being "spectator course". Because this format diluted the intensity and possibility of the course, making it drag and bore towards the end. I wish there were guest interviews of more experienced academicians than what happened here as interviews from which there was little to learn. Honestly, this is my 4th of 5th course on positive psychology and this one will have to make many a fixes to any other that I've taken on coursera. The course ended and I find myself not a tad upbeater or nourished, or knowing something useful that I did not know already other than about vegas nerves which really did not make sense to end user who are here to know what and how to do things and feel better.
I didn't like how this course attempted to make me purchase it when I tried to complete the quizzes. Know that this course is only videos and exercises with no ability to get finished credit if you do not pay for it. I'll pay closer attention to this in the future. If any course does this to me again I'll withdraw. If it becomes apparent that this is a growing trend on Coursera I'll delete the app, delete the link to their website and utlize other services. Coursera should put a disclaimer in front of any course like this going forward. I would not have wasted my time taking the course if I couldn't get course completion credit for it.
the course rythme is really slow. the course gave me some great insight into positive emotions and how to create micromomnets that are full of them and share it with others but I think the course should be richer . every thing I learned here can be delivered in one or two videos or articles. to fill up the time needed for the course there was a lot of repetition. some videos were boring. overall it was a positive experience but I would not recommend this course to my friends. thank you
This course is very informative in a scientific way, not much in a psychology way. I would have liked to explore more of Ms. Kelly Stack's vision rather than a scientific approach of positive psychology. I think t's an appropriate beginners course into psychology and positiveness.
I'm sorry but I don't like the way this course was presented. Since this is about the science of happiness I would have preferred a more clinical approach.
The audio through the whole course was not clear. And the teacher couldnt touch that much. Overall didnt find that much interesting
Uncomfortable to watch and also a very outdated layout of the course, feels like a bad 90s American talk show.
It could have been more dynamic . The interviews were boring and there wasn't enough content.
it was really fruitful course
The material here is good, especially for a MOOC, and it seemed like they tried to make it dynamic with the use of questions, discussion, interviews, and extension activities. I'm disappointed, however, that the course focused so heavily on Frederickson's work to the exclusion of others. While I understand that this is where she would feel the most comfortable and familiar, to start with her broaden-and-build theory and continually reference her lab's work, with the additional readings often being her books, it felt limited. I would have liked more of a discussion of the contributions of other psychologists like Seligman, Csikszentmihalyi, Peterson, Diener, Lyubomirsky, etc. Along with that, it could have addressed topics other than emotions (or been titled The Positive Psychology of Emotions), like character strengths, flow, or institution change. I love the fact that this course exists, and it's a good foundation to build on, but it still feels too narrow to claim the title Positive Psychology.
the way this course was presented was quite unique: watching a few people from various walks of life (but most related to the University) discuss various topic and exchange opinion and experiences about positivity.I liked the material provided for meditation about loving kindness and I have been using it on a daily (well 5 days a week) basis.why I gave only 3 stars:the material was overall rather shallow - after reading about positive psychology, I still very little substance it has to offer.in addition. Barbare is not the greatest and most charismatic speaker in the world, although she did surprise me in her TED talk.in general, human emotions are operating on a scale from positive to negative. Positive Psychology takes a one-sided approach by looking only on the plus side. That is about as incomplete as the approach of focusing only on the pathology. To fully grasp a human being, there must be a third way? is it philosophy?
It's a good course and the contents are very helpful. There are important components like negativity bias and loving-kindness meditation. However I somehow feel it lacks a more systematic or scientific approach since lots of the materials goes on with a free and open discussion that very much depends on subjective views or feelings of selected individuals who joined the discussion. Take another example, "What is Love" session clearly depends an individual's own view. It contradicts "triangular theory of love" and the lecturer doesn't even explain why.
My children go to to a Positive Education school and Professor Martin Seligman has visited several times so I have had deep exposure to the concepts of positive psychology and Professor Seligman's masterclasses.  I was hoping that this course would provide me with more insights into how Pos. Psychology could be integrated into the workplace.  I enjoyed this class but there was nothing new or particularly enlightening.   I thought it would be more scholarly.
It was difficult for me to get excited about this course.  Generally I connect with psychology courses and enjoy learning about the theories of our behavior and thinking.  This course was different and I think it was because the professor did not generate enthusiasm in me for her subject.  I am taking this online as a retiree during the pandemic but found I needed to force myself to complete it.
It is a very interesting course. I was quite taken.The teacher is good in her solos, and quite good while in the group. I dind't really like the massive use of the terms  "kind of" (often used to explain concepts) and for this reason I still have to finish it.I will quickly 'cause I 'm looking forward to learning something else.
The information is really great, but the format was tedious and dull. Ws hard to really get interested in the information in the way that it was presented. Contrast this with the Happiness course for a clue as to how to make the information more interesting and compelling as far as presentation is concerned.
This did not grab my attention like I thought it would. I did not finish the course, but the assignments were entirely too pointless for me to take seriously enough to continue. I very much enjoyed the idea of studying positive Psychology, but after a few class I realized it was very much common sense.
Really a good course for people who suffers a lot in modern society. Some ways to cultivate positive emotions on this course really help me a lot. And the most important thing while learning this course is to practicing and applying it into reality, which is really amazing~~
A good basic course for positive psychology. Really like the panel discussion and the interactive questions. Do find it is a bit too basic for people who are in the psychology field. But recommended for people who want an introduction to positive psychology.
the course, probably, was good, but it was presented in rather boring and slow manner, so in the end I completely lost interest, and was skipping through the lectures.If it could be done in more lively and engaging manner, it would have been great
The course is intersting and giving a good new twist for the thinking but also seems a little vague.I would have wished for more specifit technics and hard facts, how to come to positive emotions to start the positive spiral.
Interesting subject, but I think it can delivered in more interactive ways. It fulls of conversation with the same setting. For instance, It will be more interesting if we put in different setting of conversation.
Some good and very interesting content but buried in too many words. Often felt like an advertisement for the presenter's own research efforts (/books etc) and therefore unbalanced.
Good. Easy to understand with simple exercises.  Lots of things are learnt. But better be more interesting with more ways of presenting and showing.
Even though I liked how the teacher conducted her course in a dinamic way with 4 participants I expected more from this course.
It was a nice course. It suggested a few interested activities. However you must upgrade it, in order to submit the quizz.
Enjoyed the first weeks very much. Generally, the course is really helpful to become conscious about good things in life
I liked more the beginning of the course since i think the last parts can be result a little bit boring.
the set up for the course was choppy, with random intervals of questions. could definitely flow better
Much detailed examples needs to be shared with artifacts and presentations as compared to discussion.
It was okay.The lectures contained many valuable things but not that much interesting.
the presentation was needed to be change a little bit, to get the postive attention
Good course but not enough new information and knowledge as expected
This course really change my perception about positive psychology.
Nice easy course, good introduction to the subject.
A good course, but maybe a little lacking in depth.
a bit boring lectures
Nce Informative
I would like to thank Prof. Frederickson for a lovely course that
provides a sound introduction to the subject. Her attitude and pleasantness
goes a long way into making the case for positive psychology. The group as a
whole provides diverse notions and feedback which is also broadening. With this, there are several things that could be improved I
believe. The quizzes could and should be more challenging, and formulated in a
way to distinguish participants from non participants (often, the answers are
too logical to be challenging). i would urge more interactivity as much as possible, this allows
engagement, and improves learning significantly. In previous courses we had
assignments completed by the students, which were read and graded by the students of the course. Finally, it would be extremely useful to have a venue to share
not only thoughts and feedback, but also ideas for future research. Prof Frederickson, I think you
will be positively surprised at the amount of innovation that could result from asking
your students to come with research questions. For example, my proposal would be to further explore, research,
and teach about the effect of volunteering on one's well being and positivity
status. PS, i will be visiting Research Triangle on another business soon, and would be delighted to briefly meet and discuss some of these ideas.Thank you, Yotam Levin, MD, MBA. Israel
I am just starting this course and finding the information clearly laid out; the slight difference of having a seminar group approach to presenting information from Dr. Frederickson (as opposed to the one 'talking head' approach of many courses) is fresh and new (though the colleagues are still a little 'stiff'... perhaps students rather than colleagues might have been interesting for us students, but I LOVE that her colleagues are committed to sharing in this learning!)All in all, I expect I will probably re-rate this course a 5 star once I am further in to it. I had taken the course 'A Lifetime of Happiness and Fulfillment' ALOHA-F) (see Indian School of Business) prior to this and recall Dr. Frederickson and her "Broaden-and-Build" Theory being sited. I absolutely LOVED the ALOHA-F course and I am very pleased to be able to find this course now as the last course made me want MORE! Enjoy
I signed up for this course because I had read Martin Seligman's Learned Optimism and wanted to learn more about positive psychology. I would have liked this class to have gone more in depth in terms of the actual science and research involved (the studies Dr. Fredrickson refers to are for the most part only touched on briefly), and to have spent less time listening to the on-site students discussing their personal opinions (though I appreciated their insights, I would have liked to have learned more actual information).I did get something out of the experiential activities. Although they are optional, I would recommend doing them to really get something out of the class. They allowed me to stop and think about things I may not have made the time for otherwise.
This is a nice and easy course.  The chat sessions were fun and interesting.  The professor got me interested enough to continue on to Tibetan Meditation because she touched on some related topics.  She tried to make it a worthwhile experience, which it was.  There were good interviews and good supplemental material.  This was very worthwhile.  Its a positive touch when course leaders take the time to dress well and make a good visual impression, as they would in a "real" physical classroom.  I think that positive psychology could be a slippery topic, hard to substantiate in a way, but it was a door opener for me.  I felt like this was a fine introduction to this area of psychology, which, if understood correctly, is beginning to blossom.
I found the presentation of the topic very convincing: I'll try to foster micro-moments of positivity resonance in the future and I am fully convinced that this will have a significant positive impact on my life.The videos were good: not too long and each making a point. I'm not a big fan of the round table format, but I admit it was appropriate for the topic.The only aspect where I see room for improvement is the type of assignments: the quiz was part of the course but the weekly exercise was not. It is maybe worthwhile to create some little assignments with a peer-review, to foster a deeper investment of the participants into the course.
An insightful course! It opened our mind to
the endless positive outcomes in terms of enhanced physical and emotional
health that can be a result of the simple act of reaching out and connecting
with others. Backed by scientific data and research-based facts, the course
offered strategies to boost our positive connections, and revealed ‘love’ as a unifying,
powerful emotion with different manifestations to it. The entire course radiated warmth and positivity from the
main faculty and those who were interviewed. The assignments could be made more
challenging in a scenario-based manner. Overall, it was a good experience. Thank
you!
Great class on the fundamentals of positive psychology that anyone can grasp...I have enjoyed learning about paying more attention to my own positive emotions and creating better mental habits...the course is not as attention grabbing as some others that I've come across...and for whatever reason, my awareness of Dr. Fredrickson looking more to the audience on the left (to her right) while lecturing, distracts me...an oddity of mine, I'm sure...nevertheless, I'm very grateful for the opportunities and learning provided in this course... thank you!
I feel that the same monotone group of people, talking in a drab setting, was so monotonous it was difficult to keep focused on the lesson at hand. I know education is not supposed to be all zip, pow, bang, woah, and such, and I am not suggesting that it should be, but a little break from the drone tempo would be a nice addition. Other than that the course was on par and enjoyable. I liked the self meditative assignments most.
It's a great course, the way the course is very good for understanding positive psychology and how to apply It for your health and for your life in general. I missed some things in the course: deeper knowledge, many more studies or maybe more readings, also, many of the readings or studies were done by the instructor, so It's only one perspective, would have love more insight about this and other researchers.
Good class, knowledgeable professor. I would have preferred if some of the longer sessions (closer to 20 minutes) were split into two sessions. I didn't like the conversational style of this course, though, because it felt impersonal. It would have felt more personal to me if it had just been Dr. Fredericks on camera. I thought the session where Kelly Stacks was interviewed was worthwhile and good to include.
I liked how the instructor set up the lectures in a small group setting which allowed for dialogue and interaction.  The lectures were at times a little slow, and I didn't find the individual interviews with the participants very informative; however, I liked learning about the psychology aspect and participating in the activities.  Overall, the videos and assignments provided a positive learning experience.
Very interesting course. Fairly interactive. The structure could have been better to make it clear what we had learnt and give us more of a take away after each week and at the end. Although there were a lot of academic links each week, the course didn't explore the differing perspectives and ideas, it was more focussed on Barbara's own theories. Definitely a good introduction and great personal learning!
I really enjoyed it. The only thing was I had to read the scripts on the videos in order to follow the thoughts and ideas because I'm used to read and understand faster than in the way you expressed the ideas. Other than that it was a great course. Very enlightening. And also gave me hope for psychology since most of whet we study at school is about problems and pathologies, never solutions.
Numerous good intervention tools that we can use. I like the way how Barbara got 3 of her institute professional to be involved and share their personal insight and discuss on the topic. It will be great if we can also connect with the course tutor i.e. Barbara to ask and discuss more on the application as some of us may apply this at work and have deeper question to ask.
This course is life changing! I listened to the book that Dr. Frederickson wrote called Positive Psychology on CD while I was taking the course and both of them put together gave me many strategies and scientific evidence of cultivating positive psychology and connection and the benefits. I would highly recommend this course to people looking to improve their lives.
I really like this course. During my education, there wasn't much emphasis on positive psychology, and I think it's a shame because it seems like such an easy and enjoyable way to improve not only psychological, but also physical health. Only thing I would change- I would like the Course to be harder, in terms of quizzes. More facts about research and such.
loved this course, a lot of information that some of us may know instinctually but when brought to the forefront of our mind makes a great impact.The professor Dr. Barbara was incredibly knowledgeable and presented the information in a group setting  so you will hear other views regarding particular studies etc.Very interactive. You must do to really learn
This is a good introductory course for positive psychology. I grasped a broad perspective of what positive psychology is. However, I hold back a bit on the segment on loving-kindness meditation, as it is linked with a different faith tradition with mine. Other than that, I enjoyed the whole course and learned well. Thanks.
Thanks for the  course, I really enjoyed it and learned many things that now are part of my daily life such as Micro moments, be focused to identify neutral moment, others matter, new love concept, eye contact, connect with others, positive emotions impact in life, positive emotion priorization, positivity ratio...
Excellent theories and lectures. The experiential activities
suggested provided lots of learning experience and positive reinforcement of
what we learned in the videos.I would hope for a more communicative or engaged team of "classmates"
 but on the other hand, their personal
interviews were very interesting.
As an introductory course, professor adequately addresses several of the misconception about positivity and emphasizes how to integrate some small rituals into life to bring out its effect. The healthy ratio between positivity and negativity is critical, and being positive doesn't mean you have to fake it.
Really interesting and perception changing. A good introduction to this field. A bit ''science focused'', ''laboratory focused'' discussion, not enough emphasis on therapy. I would be glad to take a ''level 2: Positive psychology on the field - therapeutic application'' course.
I had fun, that's a good sign. There is something to take away from this course for everyday living so that is good too. Perhaps I was expecting a bit more research discussions, it seemed all nice with the chats but maybe less 'pedagogic' than I might have expected.
Enjoyed the course. Very informative. Though Prof. Barbara is an introvert herself, her advocating face to face interactions made me rethink possibilities in my daily routine for such an experiment. Hopefully my results will be as good as the science claims.  :)
Information was nice, expressed in a simple way and it was nice to watch the lectures. I do not think the course went in deep enough into psychology and kept the subject very superficial, which was a shame because of the potential it holds in today's world.
Professional, evidence-based. Nice arrangement with the four people. Beginning stunning, but at the end I sometimes had hard time with my attention:) Anyway - thank you, Barbara Fredrickson and all the people round the course, it was inspiring and pleasant.
Thank You For Providing me This kind of course and You have provided great platform to us.  Especially I Want to Thank Lectures and other member for providing Marvelous opportunities to us. Thank You The University of North Carolina at chapel hill !!!
This course could give more examples about how we can implement positive psychology within our workplace for example.  Some videos could have included more slides to be more informative and dynamic.  Overall, it was a very interesting course.  Thanks!
I enjoyed the course and believe I learned something of value.  I will say, however, that this is not a general  course on Positive Psychology, but rather a focus on the professor's research on love and emotions in the field of Positive Psychology.
i really enjoyed the course and it helps not only the individual but also others. by learning about positive thinking it changes the way we look at life and moments filled with all experiences, connection with other, and so many positive emotions.
This course was an interesting introduction to positive psychology, it possess a strong resemblance to my beliefs, concepts and ideologies from Buddhism.  I would certainly recommend this course to my colleagues and friends.  Kudos to the team.
Not particularly challenging, but a lot of extremely worthwhile information that just might change your life for the better. I'd recommend this course for anyone in a helping profession or that just wants to add positivity in their life.
Very nice course, I enjoyed it and learned a lot about this interesting science.For sure I will focus on develop more micro moments of connections with other people to help others and myself to improve and make our days pleasent.
It was an amazing opportunity to learn so much more that I thought about Positive PsychologyAll the fluid conversations during this course is something that I really appreciate about Dr. Barbara Fredrikson Thanks, Best Wishes!
This is a wonderful way to learn to live life to the fullest. Let's continue to resonate positivity and let others feel our positive emotions. Kudos to Dr. Fredrickson and her colleagues! This course is truly worthwhile.
A very good course but it was a little narrow because it focused on the professor's own research. Perhaps one or two lectures on other trends ad research results from the wider field of positive psychology would be apt.
The programme is well structured and inspiring. But many of the discussions were less effective due to low voice, and the way professor present in the discussion was monotonous,  making the learners meditate
Extremely helpful. This course not only  made me find my way to positive emotions and happiness but also helped me help my loved ones find their way around the negative emotions in times of the pandemic
Dr. Barbara L. Fredrickson is professional and the course is helpful for those who need positive emotion in lifes. But for those who learned psychology for years, this course is not challenging enough~
Very good course with excellent substance.  I took this as a refresher as I have read both Positivity and Love 2.0, finding them to be life-changing and life-enhancing.  Worth the money and the time.
This course allowed me to gain a deeper insight into understanding my emotions and how they affect me and those around me, it enabled me to regulate my emotions and understand the emotions of others.
The course is very pointy, spicy and well laid out. However, for me there were no significant discoveries. I would like a little more new information applicable in psychological counseling practice
It helps in improving ones thinking, the way of handling things, seeing positivity in everything one does. This course is highly useful for person who is seeking peace for body, mind and soul.
Useful, insightful, eye-opening. I highly recommend this course. Since lesson 1 I have been nurturing positive emotions (at home and at work) and reaping its emotional and physical benefits.
Nice cours which is sometimes a littlebit difficult for not native speakers (english). Some words are unfamiliair and need translations to understand. Very good to follow and nice to learn.
a good scientific course from one of the leaders of positive pscyhology. explains many key scientific evidences for happiness and positivity. good for curious learners. the course is free.
Thank you so much Dr.Barbara Fredrickson for making the connections to guide us to Positive Psychology !!! I will continue to learn more about Positive Psychology and Loving Kindness !!!
Very insightful course into how the mind really works learned so much about positive resonance and how much it matters to your health and how small micro-moments can have a huge impact!
SUPERRRRR introductory class. I would audit for free versus a certificate. Very slow (good for note taking) and only bushes on the topics, but with good discussion for understanding.
An enriching experience that shaped my perspective about the field of positive psychology and made me understand its significance in day to day life and its possible applications.
Loved the introduction into the content. The pace was a bit slow at times for my taste but I learnt a lot. Would have liked to give 4 1/2 stars which was not possible. Thank you!
Thanks to professor Barbara for a wonderful experience of my life.I never had a slight thought that this course will endure me with such a pleasant mind. Thank you so much.
The Professor, the research and the practical applications make this a fantastic course!  Very thought provoking.  My only suggestion would be perhaps more engaging videos.
I've learned a lot from this course and I like the way to get ourselves enrolled in class. I think, however, this course only introduce a small part of positive psychology.
It's really helping me a lot. I use this course to interact more to the people, to communicate with face to face, not only in the technology we have. Thank you so much
A truly rich and different experience. A course most apt at these difficult times. I sincerely wish that everyone with sufficient time attend this wonderful course...
Positive Psychology is very intriguing to know more about how emotional well being is attach to our health and overall well-being, and how others are affected by it.
I learned about the 10 positive emotions and their effects on the immune systems. I learned many things about the importance of the metta meditationThanks Dr. Barbra
The course content was great but I personally felt that the class was a bit less engaging. Loved the material and knowledge that came out of this. Thank you!
Good information and very interesting thoughts! Everybody should familiar him/herself with this theory, could make us all a bit nicer, happier and positive!
I think this is a vrey great course for all psychology lover because any one able to take a lot of information from this course in a very short time.
Positive psychology explained in very simple terms. This course teaches you ways to develop and radiate positive emotions in every day life.
I learnt so many things which is very helpful for my mental peace. And I have known so many acadamic researches about posative psychology.
It was very interesting Course to develop your positive emotions and have a deep insight of it. Well explained and very Important course .
Got to learn a lot. That meditation in week 5 was best. I was in another world. Felt so light. Positivity and meaning of micro-moments.
I really enjoyed the vibe of the lectures / group discussions, and the journaling prompts. And no graded assignments, so no stress.
One sweet, short course, providing the required answers to anyone interested in learning about Positive Psychology. Enjoyed it!
A very interesting course, with many helpful tools.The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5, is that i found it too easy.
Sometimes the content moved slowly. Not sure why there was a panel - interactions were limited. Overall content was good...
Good class. The discussion format with the group chatting was a little tedious even though the information was interesting.
It's a very fine attitude and nice professor, but the participants could have more energy to show this positive attitude.
Love this course. Would have liked a little bit more depth in the studies and science around the topics presented.
Great course, very positive, well taught, occasionally a little sugary.  Still, good lessons on good feels.
Great content and well presented, learned a lot and enjoyed the lessons.  Thanks for making this available.
It was really amazing ,I loved it thanks coursera for providing such a beautiful course :)   THANK YOU❤❤
I have learned how to set positivity in my heart and how important the micromoments of positivity. Than
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and I can now approach my social interactions with a new perspective.
The Course very usefully to today working conduction due stress. We need relax and positive engery
This course was very helpful especially regarding the current situation of the pandemic.
interesting but not usefull enough, maybe I have been going through the courses too fast
Beautiful experience! It helps a lot on a personal level. Will surely recommend others.
It is useful for me cause I have never reach the field. And thank to the teachers.
Good connection of health, emotion and psychology. Good demo of the meditation.
Insightful course, helps you understand the basic notions of human positivity
thanks for courser , I learn how to manage the  relationship when workshop .
Good course about finding connection, love, and micro moments of positivity.
Clear explanation and interesting as many are based on personal experience
It's very useful in our career. Because it's important to stable mentally.
Good course if you really want to have an idea about positive psychology.
Great content, but too much video for me since i prefer reading about it.
A great course which emphasises the importance of genuine positivity
I enjoyed hearing each session & practicing meditation. Many thanks!
I learned something in this course feel better spread positivity 😊
This is really a course. I learned a lot from it. Thank you.so much
I really thankful to the COURSERA for giving this kind of course .
Great class, very applicable.  I am glad I come across this class.
Thoroughly enjoyed it. Lots of useful and easy to digest content.
Nice course but more detailed discussions could be carried out.
Amazing, how can i permanently store these notes with me ???
Very interesting and useful. Could be a bit more fast-paced.
The course reminded me the importance of having positivity
Really this course helped me a lot, quality was very good
actually this is a life skill development course.thanks.
The course was really helpful and insightful. Thanks.
i would love if you would also add the research paper
I feel refreshing and my mind is also fresh...
Great introduction into Positive Psychology.
good enough, but it can be more energetic.
It was very exciting to learn this course
Fantastic Course and recommending for all
It was excellent in learning this course
I had liked so I had completed by course
Very interesting and enlightening.
EVERYBODY SHOULD TAKE THIS COURSE
a little slow but helpful course
Great course to think positive!
Skills I will use everyday.
Good Course. Good coverage
Really good, but to short!
Great Coures. Be positive
very positive course :)
beautifully done
best educator
Thi was a very useful subject, with good examples and experiences, weekly exercises that assisted me to reflect on the teachings and the further readings to take my understanding to the next level.
One of the best psychology courses I have taken. I have learned so much and how simple it is to implement these principles into everyday life. Thank you for providing this rich material to all of us.
I really enjoyed this course.  It is a area that bleeds into other fields of study and can be applied in many different settings.  I enjoyed the varying uses of visuals, videos, and discussions
Great course. Learned a lot. Good material. Strong curriculum.  A bit slow at time. Quality of video could be improved. Well worth the cost. It would be great if next level course was offered.
I just love this course. I'm a software engineering student but I love human psychology. This positive psychology helps me in my real life a lot. Specially the meditation part. Thank you so much.
This course entitled Positive Psychology changed my perspective in life and cultivated more positivity that will not only stregthen my social relationship, my personality, mindset but also my health.
Great introductory course with very useful information and practical techniques.  I'm especially interested in Lovingkindness meditation and I'm incorporating this into my daily routine!  Love it!
I do love and strongly recommend this Positive Psychology course taught by Barbara L. Fredrickson together
with the participation of other four interesting scholars. This fantastic and
well-designed course provides me with the “night-version goggle” to actively feel
the “love” through noticing the Micro-moment and building positive connection
with others to form the positive resonance. The assignment of each week is
really practical and beneficial to empower me every day. For instance, I have
been keeping writing the “Gratitude Notes” for several weeks and every time I
encounter some hard time, I will reflect those grateful blessings I own now and
my mood will turn better to face the challenge. Also, sometimes when I am down
or tired, I will take the “lovingkindness meditation” after which I will feel much
better. Beside, based on this amazing experience, I will continue my positive
psychology learning and chose a positive psychology course in my university next
semester as well. For me, happiness endures due to everyday taste and feeling,
so does the study of how to pursue happiness.
Very interesting and useful course. It was very easy, but I think there is a lot of good information in here about how positive emotions and attitudes affect the mind, body, and society.
the course is interesting and challenging. it presents the positive psychology paradigm in a broad and exhaustive way. the loving kindness meditation is a special gift that will be with me forever.I especially appreciate how the lessons were managed, with the small group of four "students" who were then interviewed as experts in their fields of study or practice.I only have to complain about the video quality. especially long videos used to interrupt after the first 5 minutes, both image and sound or image only. the only way to go further was refreshing continuously. so I hadn't any chance to do all the embedded activities.my general review is: excellent course to have a first glance at positive psychology and a good platform to dive in from.
What a great course,ahhhh! I learned so much about positive psychology and honored to practice what I learned in actual life.
I learnt several significant things: that Psychology can also apply to the Positive psyche and its development, and the existence of the Vagus nerve, which to me was a revelation about the physical link between the brain/mind and the heart - something most of us intuitively believe to be true.  So I know there is science to support the advice of "think with your heart!"I like the format Dr. Fredrickson uses so effectively - a circle of participants who share their experiences and perspectives in a friendly manner, this walking the talk.  It almost makes me want to join the group.  About the only thing missing is a glowing fireplace!  She also emanates a very positive, open approach, again teaching by example, which I believe is the best way to teach.Finally, I am very comforted by the knowledge Positive Psychology supports the teachings of Buddha and Jesus, which essentially is "As you think, so shall you be."  This realization and awareness will change how I interact with others, bring about results in accordance with positive thoughts, and so change my life.  As a first step, I will join IPPA.My deep sense of gratitude to Dr. Fredrickson and her colleagues in the course.  Thank you!
Positivity offset, positivity resonance, loving-kindness meditation, and looking at 'love' through the lens of  emotion as well as relationship science were the key highlights of this course for me.  This isn't your typical Positive Psychology course where you learn about the history and tenets of Positive Psychology. This course will essentially take you through a journey of positive emotions (and by the way, happiness isn't the only positive emotion out there). On a more personal note, I had opted for this course with the hope that I would learn something new, in addition to what I already know. And well, it completely lived up to my expectations. And as someone who first read about Barbara Fredrickson's work (the Broaden and Build Theory of Emotions) in high school, I had never imagined that 10 years later I would be  opting for a course taught by Barbara Fredrickson herself !
This course was so eye-opening! It contains so much knowledge and useful information but also a lot of ideas for putting them into practical every-day use! I think it can be beneficial in many different ways. It's really a good step up if you are battling depression yourself, it's a great source of information if you are trying to help or coach others and also just a great tool for improving your life, health, and level of happiness. It's so smart but made in such a simple, understandable way. So grateful to Barbara and the whole team that put this together. In my country (Croatia) there is little to no talk about positive psychology and this was a unique opportunity for me to learn more about it and I am sure it will help me with my own project based around creating more happiness in our daily lives.
I honestly was blown away by the quality and usefulness of this course.This is not the somewhat intense reading theoretical course I was expecting that always makes you stop and think about if you could actually use the material. This course is taught with amazing quality genuine passion and just a group of passionate professionals (or soon to be :) that discuss the findings and concepts of their many years of study/experience and how to use those on our day to day life for not only us but also people around us.The most tangible and clear benefit of taking this course was the loving-kindness meditation. There's a lot of awesome thing's in here but you don't feel bad when you just use one of them as long as you do it properly.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course on many levels - it has boosted my academic, mental and physical health - which I really was not expecting.  It was pleasurable, well laid out and delivered with thoroughly enjoyable, pleasant tasks.  It was easy to fit the short lectures into my life and also easy and interesting to plough through it when I did have time to spend.  I learned a lot that I can implement very, very easily.  I shall be recommending this to many people.  I 'feel a lot better for doing this course.  I am interested to see how it plays out in my life over the next three months.Thank you Dr. Fredrickson.  You were engaging and inspirational.  I would love to do any other courses you may have in this format.
The course in itself is a very enlightening subject, and to add it off with such a great instructor, it was great! The ambience created through the course is very relaxed and really lets you take in the essence of positive psychology. Weekly homework assignments are also extremely rewarding and a fun way to appreciate the positivity we experienced in the past and also and understand more about the strength behind each micro-moment of positivity The course is overall very well structured with a balance between video classes and reading materials,  and it not only explains what is positive psychology, but it also gives insights into the people in various fields, working with positive psychology.
I'm hoping Dr. Frederickson will receive my note of gratitude for sharing her wisdom,
 experience and research so generously in this affordable Coursera 
venue! If Positive Psychology would have been available for me to study 
in undergrad or even grad school, I would've continued in my psych 
studies. I most especially would have loved to study with Dr. 
Frederickson. She not only presents her material well, she organizes it 
in a way that goes beyond all the "motivational/happy-clappy" things out
 there. Her work and this course will reverberate positivity resonance throughout the world for years to come! Thank you! In the world of positive psychology, Dr. Frederickson shines brightly!
Thank you for this wonderful course :)I have learnt the clear definition of "Positive Psychology" even with my limited knowledge of Psychology. Dr. Fredricks has explained profound theories in simple terms and in the same time introduced a lot of practical skills for getting more involved in positive emotions. I got what I expected when choosing this course at the very beginning. And really appreciate all your hard work :)In addition, I would like to thank the platform designer for helping extend my learning time for me to catch up with the course after a pause, it has been really helpful to people who works full time :)Wish my colleagues online could enjoy this course as I do :)
Great course! My main comment about these Positive Psychology courses is that their marketing should emphasize that they are no only about the subject matter, but that they are also self-improvement workshops. In some sense they work better than going to a psychologist! The reason is that these courses are more effective in teaching one about the Positive Psychology interventions than a psychologist would be by just talking about them. This might suggest a new way for a psychologist to work. They might have their clients sign up for one of these courses and meet with them weekly to discuss what has been learned and how to use it in improving one's life.
It has really taught me a lot and given me a broadened view of positive psychology. I’ve got to know many interesting facts about simpler things of our day to day life. That just made me decide to change few things in the ways in which I interact with people. I learnt deeper meaning love, positivity and peace. Professor Barbara fredrickson has started to be my inspiration. She just amazed me with her knowledge and facts about greater good that I wouldn’t have known in any other way. I just felt like meeting her in person. For everyone who’s looking for positive psychology course, you are in the right place.😊
This is an amazing course. As a psychology student, I gained important understanding of my responsibilities as a future psychologist. I feel more responsible for my actions as a psychology student and promoting tools in improving people's lives. Dr Barbara Fredrickson is an inspirational professor, highly intelligent and calm teacher, and can make you understand and feel relaxed and comfortable with studies. All of the fellow professors were also an important addition to course and presented interesting viewpoints. I highly recommend this to everyone and especially psychology students.
Wow, just wow! Thank you so much, Barbara for such an incredible course on Positive Psychology. I had learnt a little about Positive Psych during my training with Wellness Coaching Australia and was inspired to learn more about it. Your fascinating work was referenced in particular, and I was excited to discover you offered a course on it.  What a true honor and delight to learn from you. This course was such an eye opener and I thoroughly enjoyed every moment including the online exercises and homework. You did such a wonderful job with this course and I am deeply grateful to you.
Thanks a lot Barabara !!! This is absolutely great research, Sharing is caring. Most of the people in the world are facing issues like negative attitude or depression due to constant pressure of EXPECTATIONS!!!!Practicing Positive Emotions to boost your mental capacity is really great tool but we never think in that it would help us so much.I would really request you to focus your study on what happens when we keep our Expectations in control. Our grandparents always taught us to be content and being helpful to others and Respect each and every one. I think its is a culture!!!!
I really enjoyed this course. Back in high school I studied psychology in 12th grade and I found it to be very thought-provoking. I'm so glad I got to study Positive psychology. This course has actually taught me to think more effectively in life, to construct my thoughts in such a way that they bring out a positive outcome. I learned that simple actions can have a big impact on our happiness just by the learning resources I got to read that view. Positive psychology has also taught me to focus on my strengths instead of my weaknesses, also to be more optimistic in daily life.
I loved the set up of the course that Professor Frederikson included other professors and professionals in her class. It made the class lively and presented different point of views or different examples. The homework/ exercises were very interesting and thought provoking. I would recommend this class to anyone and in particular to people who do not believe that having a positive attitude / outlook in life will / can make a difference in so many different ways. I am looking forward to an additional course on positive psychology in the future.
Positive Psychology is a great course by Dr.Barbara L Fredrickson.  With here enormous in depth knowledge on Psychology and vast experience in coaching,  this course has become a really an important course to improve  our abilities to see things with positive approach and increase the positive psychological health of self and with others with whom we interact.  As per me,  this course is very important to Leaders in Professional fields.  Expressing my gratitude to Dr.Barbara for creating this course and appreciate her narrating skills.
I am very happy that I did the 'Positive Psychology" course as now I have a better understanding of it. I have more insight into positive emotions and my thought process is geared towards positivity rather than focusing on the negative or negativity bias. It is a very interesting and flowing course which I would definitely recommend it to everyone. I have come to ponder on the fact that with positive psychology it is much easier to deal with the everyday negative emotions. It was very enjoyable interacting with the team on this course.
This is an eye opening course that explores the new field of  the new field of Positive psychology. Psychologist are now working to help those they treat enhance their lives instead of only treating anxiety and other neurosis.  Its free unless you want to earn credits for the course. If you monitor the course, they do not mark the tests. Otherwise you will receive the full benefit of this course. After the first 6 minutes, I advise those who I recommend this to skip the rest of this video because it causes a strong negative reaction.
Course Note 10 !!! Great and Necessary to the human being!
The Best Technique of All ...
To look at Life for a Positive Angle is to choose to live in Heaven!
With this course I learned the greatest secret of happiness: Make the option for the "Positive", that is, want to live all the best that life offers ... It is a course simply fantastic and at the same time necessary, especially to the Brazilians because here the negative rule prevents the human being from seeing happiness.
Highly recommend to everyone !!! SIMPLY FANTASTIC !!!
Thank you Professor Fredrickson, the course is amazing and it is so close to people's daily life and the practice parts are really can change people's lives. During this wonderful learning journey. From science part, I more clearly understand how our brain and heart work and how to deal with stress and anxiety in my daily life. I do yoga in my daily life and now paying more attention on the meditation part. I am enjoying the micro moments and sharing this wonderful course to my friends who are suffering the emotion problem.
Very effectively conducted. The topic was covered in friendly manner at the right pace. So the learning was a pleasure. The concepts were clarified in simple terms. Ted Talks videos were appropriate. In spite of my busy schedule, I was looking forward for taking time out daily for learning.  Dr. Barbara L. Fredrickson is an excellent teacher. I my self is a Pro Vice Chancellor at university with 18 years of teaching and 25 years of industry experience. I found lot of things to learn from her way of teaching. Thanks.
I think this is an amzing course that anyone could take; not only people who wants to teach or who wants to be a coach or who wants to help others, but people who want to improve themselves. This is a great opportunity to have new knowledge about positive psychology and how this can help you in your everyday life. This is just great to improve yourself as a human being and to learn how to be even more grateful in every momento of your life, how to extend your positive emotions and how to deal with the negative ones.
Excellent ... Best opportunity to learn , master, and get transformed..... with ORIGINAL researcher....We in India have been practicing since ages as the embed framework of chaturashram and Hindu lifestyle.... Recommended for all..... to reduce negativity...enhance positivism and save earth ......not less important than green environment....to protect..... Satish K Kushwaha, MS,MPhil(Psy),BSc;...;...;...;...; PSA(UK) ACCREDITED HYPNOTHERAPIST ON CNHC (UK) REGISTER. NEUROSCIENCES RESEARCHER.....
An essential course for everyone! I loved the way lectures were given. The presence of a group made me feel as if I'm a part of a class and greatly improved my interaction, motivation and willingness to not only complete the classes but also do the experiential assignments. I gained knowledge not only about the field of positive psychology but insights about my own life and behavior as well. Many lessons have stuck with me and I have applied them to my daily life. Absolutely loved the course!
An excellent course! I really enjoyed the conversational style that Dr Friedrickson adopted. The lessons are not too long and easy to follow and peppered with real world examples (both from herself and her team of four guests). The key concepts like positivity resonance, loving-kindness meditation, and the like, are easily broken down. Readings are short and informative and the weekly experiments are also very fascinating. This is one of the best courses I have done on Coursera!
I take this opportunity to thank my instructor Barbara L Fredrickson for her relentless effort to impart the knowledge on Positive Psychology. I benefited from her course and and want to share the positive energy that I received from this course. I also thank Coursera for giving the opportunity for doing this course. Once again a special thanks to my instructor and the university of north Corolina at Chapel Hill.Yours faithfully Jaison Kuriakose Sent from my iPhone
I very much appreciated the progressiveness and pedagogy of the course.I found it very practical with many exercises to do on a daily basis. Scientific and accessible Concrete and practical I would like to thank each and every one of you for taking the time for this course, thank you for identifying, posing and sharing.It is a precious gift for spreading and infusing positive psychology throughout the world.Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
This course is organized in such an interesting way, it gets across the major points very quickly.  It is very much a surface-level course in terms of the science, but that's exactly what I wanted.  I want to be able to apply immediately, rather than get bogged down in the science.This course is phenomenal and the material is extremely important.  I've created changes in my life from the course already, including prioritizing positivity, and especially love.
I enjoyed and learned great knowledge about positive psychology. As my first time ever knowing about it, I think this was a wonderful introductory course. It is also amazing the benefits that some of the weekly practices had on my life. Indeed, in positive psychology, you have to experience it yourself in order to learn it. Thank you for this wonderful course, I'm inspired to learn more about this field and psychology in general. Thank you, Dr. Fredrickson
There is so much more to learn about Positive Psychology. This course has not just taught me how to make time for the micro moments of positivity in my life but also inspired me to learn more, to have a deeper knowledge about this positive psychology. Dr. Barbara Fredrickson is a fairy Godmother and her team is just amazing. The magic/ happiness they bring to others' lives with just their words, is quite admirable. I loved the course. God bless you people.
Fascinating, inspiring, and practical introduction to positive psychology.Learn the health benefits of positive psychology; learn to identify, nurture and savor positive emotions; discover helpful practices that will take you deeper and help you apply the principles to your own life; learn how to start an upward spiral and open up your mind to real possibility of change; bring more love into the world with micro moments of positive resonance. All good!
This was my first experience of a MOOC and I approached it with an open mind and with no particular expectations. I have been interested in positive psychology for a while now and wanted to find out more. This course was perfect for me, it made me think, challenged established views and whilst it is a big statement, I think in the long term, this will make me a better person more in tune with others who I interact with. I highly recommend this course.
Amazing and very enriching course.It gave lots of new insights.Well structured.Thank you Coursera and The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill for offering this course online.Thank you Dr.Barbara Fredrickson for sharing your knowledge,wisdom,expertise and experience in such a simple and well articulated manner.Appreciate your enthusiasm,energy and commitment in imparting the lessons and taking the field of positive psychology to a new level.
This course is the beginning of my journey to positivity and explore further within me as well as all around to make life full of joy and happiness for all in mind, body and spirit. It is the joy in giving to others much more than making only myself happy. Real happiness lies in making others happy by exploring positivity resonance in every possible opportunity. This short course helped me to navigate my journey of life at this age of 74.
I truly loved this class. I enjoyed the collaboration and discussion during the presentations. Understanding  how positive and negative emotions are embodied was truly eye opening. In the last two years, I have been focused on mind/body medicine along with psychology.  This was a wonderful complement to a field that I’m passionate about. I highly recommend this class, learning about love/kindness will be transformative.
I recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn how to bring more positivity into their lives. I learned a lot about the field of positive psychology, and I was really happy that a big focus of the class is on practical applications of positive psychology. I also appreciated the small-group setting - it made the class very pleasant and actually made me feel more connected to the course. Thank you Dr. Fredrickson!
First of all I would like to Thank you Dr Freidrickson you are really an awesome faculty that I have ever seen.If I say about the course it is very meaningful,knowledgeable,informative.Moreover,the exercises were very helpful to understand the course content.I joined it as not a course only but to bring some significant change in my personality which I really imbibed .Once again thank you so much ,God bless you Mam
This course is a sufficient way to improve your capacity of being yourself by improving your relationships with othes and let possitive and negative emotions too,be embodied and not just abandon them.This course will help you totaly find yourown way to cope with stress and anxiety and will give you advice on how your immune  and your cardiovascular system will flourish by experiencing emotions as they come to us.
Great course. I have been recommending it to friends and family. The seminar style effectively keeps the course dynamic. I came away with a thorough understanding of how positive emotions promote health and wellbeing, physically, emotionally and psychologically, generally and personally. Additionally, there are numerous exercises and practices that allow the students to apply the principles into one's own life.
I have learnt many things about positive emotions and psychology which shapes once personality and attitude. It was interesting to see that through positive emotions, how one can interact with people and it can be nutrient for once health. Dr. Barbara was a awesome teacher who could communicate her ideas very clearly. Thank you so much madam. your lesson motivated me to do some research on positive psychology.
The content of this course was clearly delivered, enlightening and engaging. The format was easy to navigate and kept things interesting-- I really appreciate the conversational component and getting to learn more about the work and applied applications of each guest. Participating in this course was a valuable use of my time. I am inspired and plan to continue learning about the field of positive psychology.
This was one of the best courses I have ever taken, and it really had a positive influence on my own life. Dr. Frederickson beautifully weaves together the importance of cultivating positivity with a scientific explanation on how doing so is possible. This class is particularly useful for anyone who is inclined to coaching, psychology, and self-development. I would take this course again in a heartbeat.
I totally enjoyed this course. As a PhD student in Developmental and Social psychology, I'm interested in researching about teachers' wellbeing and emotions at school, and this course gave me some great ideas about how to improve and focus my research. Moreover, it gave me some great suggestions about improving my personal wellbeing by applying some positive psych principles in my daily life.
The course is taught with kindness and thoughtfulness and has a strong academic backbone moving it from the touchy-feely type program to a solid, scientifically researched one. It is quite rewarding to know that science supports the fact that love abounds and can be captured if one just pays attention to the beautiful little moments around us. Great learnings and presented vert nicely.
This course gives us a broad vision of positivity, emotions, love and how to closely connect with others and how to balance your psychological, physical, spiritual and social wellbeing through the positive Psychological knowledge.  I am grateful to Dr Babra and other resource persons who engaged with this course. &I would like to thank, The University of North Carolina and Coursera.
Wonderful Course , Amazing way to present it in very simple format , Got to learn true meaning of love, gratitude , micro-moments. It gave me new perspective about Positivity . Instead of "being positive" in every situation , which is not possible in many situations , "Being Open" in any situation really worked for me to be more Resilient while living my Imperfectly perfect life .
The science is so strong and well presented.  The meditations are enriching even for a long-time meditator.  The assignments skillfully make the applications to "real life" and finally, the supporting resources offer a treasure trove of additional information and scholarship and tools for maximizing the possibilities of positive resonance.  Thank you Dr. Frederickson and team!
Really fun class to take! A great introduction to positive psychology! Lots of hands-on activities to experience psychology in real life! A very inspiring course too! I learn to appreciate more about friendship, family and love. Very well paced but tons of useful and interesting information in each short video. Highly recommended to anyone who is interested in psychology!!!
The course is excellent. The dynamics of the course lead us to a very concrete interaction and to a question on what level we are interacting with ourselves and with each other.
The course provides various tools, insights and exercises to enhance a life full of love and appreciation. My gratitude to Dr. Barbara L. Fredrickson and the others involved and participants.
Took this during the pandemic to try to be more positive and it really made me realize how negative I have been feeling lately, so it was a great reminder that we can control / influence our emotions. lol a lot of the lessons focused on being connected with others... which is hard right now, so I cant wait to connect with others and feel positive when this is over!!
Positive Psychology is a brilliant course. Its simple and has a good continuity. What i liked most was the simple tips that are give that can be worked out to make not only your life better but make a positive difference to others. Positive emotions and the positivity resonance made so much sense. i loved the course and of course it has made me rethink my ways  .
Really well organized course
to get you into the principles of Positive Psychology and the scientific
findings of what emotions and specially gratitude and love are. I am really
grateful for the opportunity to know the real life behind science as I followed
the reasons that took professionals involved in this course, to study and draw into Positive Psychology.
This course was interactive, research based and highly engaging. I found many practical strategies that I can take to increase my own personal sense of positive emotions, though that was an added bonus. I was fascinated by the way in which the instructor wove all sorts of connections between positive psychology and other fields. I highly enjoyed this course.
It's great. I've learned so much by taking this course. I once a girl that was so hard to express my feelings probably because i didn't understand them completely. But, after i took this course and learned about that loving kindness meditation, now i begining to lean how to control my emotion and how to express my gratitude towards other people and such.
Excellent course!!! I have empowered my positive mind through this course.Now I can spread positivity to my family,friends and community.The examples that used in this course made very easy to understand the concepts.Thank you so much to Dr.Barbara Fredrickson and other instructors.I will continue practicing positive emotions through my life after this.
I started this course early and was so excited to learn this new information I just dove right in! Unfortunately I am too far ahead and have to wait a few weeks until I can take my week 2 quiz. Instead of binge watching Netflix at night I get my nightly dose of Positive Psychology! I recommended this course too all of my friends, family and co-workers.
This is an amazing course to realize the importance of the positive emotions in our lives, the cultivations of gratitud and love in our day by day experience and also the importante or our connections with others to improve our health and the quality of our lives. The meaning and applications of positive resonance and positive radio in our daily life.
This is an excellent course and I highly recommend it! I loved learning about bringing more positivity and optimism into my life. I believe the information presented by Dr. Fredrickson will really help to enhance my relationships with the other people in my life. It will especially help me when dealing with my patients and with the students I mentor.
I think this course was extremely informative, productive and thought provoking. Professor Barbara also sparked my interest to gain more knowledge about Positive Psychology, and I am considering following Professor Barbara's researches and books as well.  ツ Thank you Professor for making that awesome course so interesting! You are awesomely awesome ღ
I think this is a great course for everyone. This helps positive feelings towards self and with everyone one connects and thus help create a positive aura around self. This way you create small groups of positive circles and then they share it with others and then it multiplies... Everyone should go through this course to remain healthy and happy.
Barbara Fredrickson and her team have given me solid knowledge on the subject of positive emotions thus enticing me to find out more about it by looking for other courses on the topic. I'm now registered in a post graduation course in Positive Psychology and I'm feeling much more confident about my choice for this course and for my future steps .
The course is very interative and engaging! The scientific perspective is extremely interesting and what you will learn there will be applicable to your life. I love that there are weekly practical assignment that allow you to experience what you have learnt this week.I would love if there was a level 2 or follow up class!!Strongly recommended.
Great course, very good setting with 4 brilliant “students”, great teacher, May all of you be happy, may all of you live with ease. 5/5 Stars A MUST for any psychology student. Tip: Take notes after the lesson/lecture, I learned this from fellow teachers and this made me focus really and understand the ideas that Dr Fredrickson explained.
As a filed the positive psychology spends much of its time thinking about topics like character strengths, optimism, life stratification, happiness, well-being,  gratitude,  compassion as well as self compassion, self esteem and self confidence ,hope and elevation.  A very interested subject become a positive person through out the life.
Thank you Dr. Barbara Fredrickson this course was a fantastic introduction for me on positive psychology. You made the course interesting and enjoyable. You were able to show me the importance of social interactions and the wide ranging moments of love in our lives. You have inspired me to put more effort into these moments. Thank you.
Thank you Dr B. L. FREDRICKSON for this course. thank you for the books Positivity and Love 2.0 I enjoyed discovering, learning with you. The way you present and explain Positive Psychology makes it so clear to understand and experiment. Thanks to you I am now able to understand better Connections as paramount for Life. Only Connect !
Dr. Barbra Fredrickson sheds light on a subject that is essential to the fulfillment of a well lived life. This is the good stuff. As I implement these simple practices into my everyday life I reap the rewards of energy, joy and closeness to others that is so often lacking in modern times. I highly recommended this course to everyone!
I was delighted to take up this course...I now understand how small little things of our daily life has an impact on our mind,body and sprit. I am grateful to Dr.Fredrickson for sharing so many interesting stuffs on positive psychology and I would also thank cousera and the people those who have worked behind the scenes.-Thank you
AT first, it felt like something that I already read about, and suddenly it moved into a totally surprising direction, and what was taught and discussed has changed me profoundly, I will never look again at the people around me the same way, knowing that  not only do I do good for myself but more importantly for others. Thank you.
This is a truly wonderful course. Barbara Fredrickson is a great facilitator and has constructed a course that flows well with a wealth of information. She will leave with great knowledge and wonderful practices to infuse positivity resonance into every aspect of your daily life. This is a must take course for anyone and everyone.
This course is wonderfully designed to give you a different perspective on how to be a positive person. It is a great start to having better and deeper relationships. It introduces and explains in detail the basic concepts and gives you tools to improve your overall daily interactions and helps you cope with negative experiences.
I thoroughly enjoyed undergoing this course.  I am certain that my life as well as the lives of people around me  is going to change to some extent at least.  Dr Barbra is so interesting and her experience is vast. The course is very well designed and I did not even feel like it was an online course. Highly recommend. Thank You.
Dr. Frederickson's work is the truth. It incorporates some of the keys to a better, happier life. While her theories are relatively young, and have yet to be reshaped and refined, they have encouraged me to reevaluate my priorities, and have given me some tools to help me reach the ultimate goal: true connection with others.
This is a great course that provides many tips, tools, and tricks, on how to make the choice of living a positivelife. The professor presents an entirely new way of viewing simple everyday issues or life challenges that allow you to persevere in a more peaceful less stressful way. I am so happy to have taken this course.
This course lets me know the importance of having positive thoughts. I also became aware that having positive thoughts is not a difficult thing to do. All the benefits and how to bring up positive thoughts for yourself and others will be learned and there is a practice of meditation too. I highly recommend this class.
An excellent introduction of Positive Psychology and a very generous delivery of the course. I would like to thank Dr. Barbara L. Fredrickson and her team because the coherent and friendly methodology. I have reinforce my ideas about the huge possibilities that authentic social connections could imply. Thank you all..
Brilliant course. This has truly added to my life in a very positive way! I plan to teach a lot of this to my Yoga students and will be creating a one day Yoga with positive psychology workshop to bring our next year.  I look forward to reading the books on your list, especially Barbara's. Please do another course!
Really helpful to me on a daily basis, and motivating to encourage people I encounter during the day in similar positive directions. In turn, that has strengthened numerous work relationships. Thank you for that, everyone involved had such great inputs and perspectives. That was also impressive, so thank you all!!
This was a brilliant course, the concepts taught has changed the way I think. I had a very unpleasant childhood and negativity was in a big supply. I am so glad i can rewrite my life by being intentional about positive emotions and maybe altering the chronic condition i live with. Thanks so much for this course
Very usefull and easy going course. These information teach us a bit how to appriciate life, how to look for more positive perspective. It is enjoyable, it does not put to much presure, but the emphasis is on personal development, by that also social deveplopment around us.. Thank You, I wish You all the best!
Rare is the course that is so well planned and delivered. I felt engaged throughout the videos and read much of the optional supplementary readings. It's nice to see a science-backed method of living a better life, and one that is even positive for others when you practice it. Highly recommend this course.
I simply loved the course. The way it was explained citing day to day examples without using too much jargons made me internalise the concepts. In time even if I forget many of the course materials,I will definitely remember and apply most of the fundamentals taught during the course. very helpful indeed!
An excellent course. Dr. Barbara Fredrickson shows the true depth behind positive emotions - how they are not just good for us momentarily but also how they are connected to our physical long term health and well-being.A very well structured and delivered course ... loved it although I audited the course.
i loved the course. Barbara Fredrickson is an amazing lecturer and i enjoyed every second of the course. I am planning to use obtained information in my work and to study and learn more about positive psychology especially about the way it works with children. Plus i am much more positive myself now :)
i had no high expectations when i enrolled, but with each session my understanding of positive emotions deepened, bringing awareness and openness into my everyday routine and communications. i am also very grateful for Barbara Fredrickson for introducing scientifically-approved meditation into my life
Barbara Fredrickson is a leader in the Positive Psychology movement for good reason. She is steady and measured in explaining and demonstrating her broaden and build framework as well as the importance resonating positivity. This offers decent insight into an important area of Positive Psychology.
It was a great experience and learning to the things of positive psychology.The videos and lectures helped me a lot to go through the daily world life concepts of psychology very easily, I will be very greatful if I further get an opportunity to work or learn something new under these teachers.
All materials are well organized. The seminar style Dr. Fredrickson chose for the course engages you as learner constantly and captures your attention. All resources recommended are extremely useful and the information is applicable to many contexts, from your personal life to any labour field.
The course really allowed me to understand about the role of emotions in improving our well-being. The perspective of Dr. Barbara, in relation to the fact that positive emotions can be expanded and built to have more moments that connect us with others and allow us to be happier is motivating.
This  courses played a huge part in me getting my foot in the door of Psychology, Barbara has done a terrific job of linking science study to everyday life , enabling us to re-think, re-shape the inner power and emotion engines. I will continue my exploration of Positive Psychology with IPPA !
This course was absolutely terrific! The positive emphasis on everything that was mentioned has helped me to feel risen for I was "feeling down" there for quite sometime due to personal things. Thank You to Dr. Fredrickson and Coursera! Everyone involved are changing my life on a daily basis!
Had a good experience with the teachers. New way of learning. Made me think about myself and create a vision for scope of improvement. I recommend everybody who want to personally develop themselves better and develop the simple connections which you normally miss due to your busy schedule.
The whole journey of this course was wonderful and thought provoking. I teach psychology but this course has actually encouraged me to focus on positive psychology. Thank you Prof: for being so nice during the session. I am connected with you on linkedin hope to see you in future as well.
This course absolutely gives an insight to positive psychology. I absolutely had a best time while learning it. This made me more aware of the importance of social connections and the impact it can have. It made me to value the micro moments we experience in our day to day life. Thankyou.
This was something eye-opening. I really enjoyed being a part of this course. Looking forward to implement my learning in others lives. I am sure it will create an positive impact in their lives. Thank you for providing us an excellent course that will change our perspectives about life.
I used to motivate my students and also emphasize the importance of positive emotion.  Through this course, Dr. Fredrick helped me in enhancing my knowledge of my social connection, immune increase, etc. Definitely I have been an improved person to approach my students psychologically.
I found this course very interesting and stimulating.  The lectures were conducted in a friendly atmosphere and it was well paced.  The various exercises were a revelation and I believe that this information has enabled me to value my relationships with other people to a greater level.
This course very useful and attractive, I hope i can apply myself and i can teach my students.Our life, destination, mixture of ill and well, i mean positive and negative feelings and experiences. I understood how to divert the negative feelings to positive feelings thru this course.
I learned important tools that I can use to improve the way I connect to others.  Also I learned the importance of positive emotions.  There are not only a happy feeling moments as I thought, these are experiences that can shape your wellbeing and those around you.  Love the course.
Great course. Gives new perspective to ordinary daily life, enriches not just yourself but others life, the potential is limitless. I'd like to implement into my daily life and somehow form a habit. Its easy to miss whats right in front of you. Would definitely recommend to others.
I have been fascinated with psychology since I first heard of it from visiting students to my high school from Duke University!  It is most compatible with the way I am wired.  Thank you for more information and understanding (and other tools) I can use in real life.    -Victoria
This was an eye-opening course. Not in the way that the data seems inexplicable or revolutionary but just the easy way it is presented and how acheivable it seems for everyone to actually make a change that can contribute not only to ones own health but also to society. Thank you
This course taught me how it is important for me to value the love I am receiving now. This love that I receive from having to interact with others is something that can be healthy for me and also for others. I do hope I can continue with that mindset. No person is an island. :)
Great course that really highlights, with science to support, the tangible benefits and methods of pursuing positive emotions and thoughts.  Definitely not a "lovey dovey" course, but rather a rich scientific approach to understanding and applying positive emotions and thoughts.
Barabara Frederick has been a pleasure to learn from in these modules. I have really enjoyed all of them, and have recommended them to several people. I was introduced through an intro to positive psychology class I am taking for my masters in positive psychology/life coaching.
Great course, thank you for making possible  to learn such interesting topics,  that in Dr. Barbara Fredrickson words, enable us to "broad and built" better persons  and  environments.THANKS COURSERA ,  Without your free  resources and commitment we couldn´t get to knowledge!!
Prof. Barbra is a legend in "Science of Happiness" alias Positive Psychology. Was great to experience her in 'action' during this course. I would definitely recommend anyone interested in this subject - and definitely to anyone 'new' trying to understand what this is about.
The Positive of Psychology serves as a life coach advice to any youngsters or working professionals.  This is also serves as an idea about the ideological of positivity. So in what extremes are we become delusional positive, or being positive and realistic at the same time.
I think that if more person in the world have practice the Positive Psychology our world will change.  If inside us we remove and cultivate best feelings, or acts or positive moments with the people around us the world for our childrens or for the future human will be safe
Well curated content by Dr Barbara. The pedagogy is really nice. The ideas of positivity resonance and appreciating micro moments of positivity has brodened my perspective of looking at life. Now savoring these tiny engines of positivity are a priority in my daily routine.
Great Perspective on positive psychology. Was keen on taking something up on coursera on this topic and I am glad I chose this one! It is detailed, well paced, provides great examples and the activities help you to reflect on what you have studied. Totally worth your time.
This Course is very helpful, and healthy for our daily life of living as well to others that are around us.Thanks to Dr Barbara F, and everyone to contribute with their knowledge to improve quality of life.I have enjoyed this course since the beginning.  Thanks very much !
Very interesting course, especially the first half. The last week's material is really just common sense.I greatly enjoyed the reading material that was attached to some of  the topics. For me it helps to the digest the information both by reading, and watching lectures.
To be honest I have been struggling in my life because of my mental health and this course had really good inpact on me. Also this course give me aspect of looking life in other way. I t was really good and helpfull course I will definetly suggest this course to others.
Its a really good course to learn and know about the basics of Positive Psychology and its benefits in one's life including interesting assignments and a really good an effective Loving-Kindness meditation with good guidance towards a positive knowledge of Positivity.
It is a great course with scientific researches and data that made me find Positive Psychology interesting. I just finished the course and bought four books about it to get to know it better. Thank you Coursera and Dr. Barbara Fredrickson for this amazing opportunity.
Thanks Barbara for bringing this topic into our lives. This course has covered very deep topic in very precise and simple way. I am very delighted and feel blessed after completing this course. Well done Barbara and million thanks for insights given in this course.
I become very knowledgeable about positive psychology after taking this course. Most importantly the course is designed with participants (user) in mind. It is not all about theory. I learnt many useful skills that I can apply to life right away. Highly recommend!
A life-changing, eye-opening, perspective-shifting, MUST-TAKE Course. The best course in Psychology I've attended so far. I literally cried when Dr. Fredrickson concluded the course. The one course I'd love to do over and over and over again. Simply the best,
This is a great course for introduction and further understanding and also how to apply "tools" to create inner warmth. Thank you Barbara for sharing this with us. I have started to do LoveKindnessMeditation on regular basis. It works.Feeling grateful. Suzana
Absolutely Brilliant course. The concepts are very well articulated and not just theoritical but backed up with scientific research and examples.Lot of unlearning, learning and re-learning was involved but I thoroughly enjoyed the Positive Pyschology course.
This is an exceptionally beautiful course that has been very thoughtfully designed to not only build a solid intellectual understanding of the concepts behind positive psychology relate to positive emotions... but also to gain an experience of them oneself.
Thank you so much Barbara.  So much of your course content resonated with how I try to live my life and connect with people I encounter. The science behind it is very encouraging and validates that approach and to keep moving and growing in that direction.
I had a great experience in understanding the positive psychology. I understood myself better, know how to create positiveness around me . I followed  the experimental activities and got to analyse in a better way. I will keep this learning and spread it.
A fantastic course to develop knowledge on positive psychology, and will really help me and my clients.  Barbara is excellent, and this course is very easy to follow and understand.  Have already been recommending it to my colleagues.  Thanks from the UK!
This course totally change my outlook on emotions and positivity. I totally agree that most courses in psychology focuses on what is or what went wrong. This focuses on what is and is going right which is a fresh take and outlook psychology and science.
Great mix of theory and practice. The course is lively as this is a podium discussion between experts around Barbara Frederickon. And there is practice along the way, very practical with weekly experiments. THE PERFECT MIX. Experiential! Many thanks!!!!
I am extremely happy for having chosen Positive Psychology. It instills in me a sense of  positivity, to see the bigger picture and to see the positive aspects in any situation. I am thankful and grateful to Dr Fredrickson and her team for this course.
It was great getting to know the other end of our lives true science.The content and the things that are in this can shape you into a better human and a better society.I am also happy that I became a part of the positive ripple in the world with this.
Absolutely brilliant course: I really enjoyed it, especially how the information was presented in a way that makes it easy to use in your daily life. Definitely recommended and I look forward to a second installment of Positive Psychology on Coursera.
Often positivity is seen as a "kumbaya" thing. Having science support for some facts is great for me since I often need the facts. But this course goes beyond that, offering some tools to increase positive emotions in your life. I highly recommend it
It's a great course. I would like to give it 4.5 stars, so I rounded it up...If you liked this course, I really recommend the Harvard open course in Positive Psychology with Professor Tal Ben-Shahar, which was recorded in 2010 or 11, and is online.
I found this course really eye opening. I am now more aware of my emotions and the effect my actions and words have on those around me. I am now aware of downward spirals and before it goes any further, I take a step back, reevaluate the situation
An Awesome Experience with lots of learning. Its also provided an avenue for understanding self and healing self. Thanks from the bottom of my heart to Dr. Fredrickson and all those who are working and spreading the science of positive psychology.
This course is really amazing ,everyone should enroll for this.Now i really know what is positive psychology and i am going to use this course every  assignment in my daily life .Now i am going to drive tiny engines of micromoments  in my life !!
Excellent course filled with real-life applications on how to increase a feeling of connectedness and joy.  Well-presented, interactive, and applicable to anyone interested in psychology, neuroscience, or just basic wellness. Very worth the time.
I personally thinks this is a great course overall, Dr. Fredrick son is a very great instructor. She take the time to pause in between sessions and give you the opportunity to be free minded. I'm happy I've completed this course I learnt a lot.
Really this is a very good course on positive psychology which is helpful for our own health and mind as well as others.In this course has some theoretical and practical works which are helpful for a person to lead a  happy and potential life.
Outstanding insights into science of positivity.  Excellent insights on loving kindness.  We need to make sure this information becomes more distributed to our senior living communities, helping improve the quality of life for so many seniors.
Excellent! Really well presented, in a way that keeps me interested intellectually inspired, as well as emotionally. And some fascinating information about the impact of positive thinking on health and well being. Also, how simple it is to do.
Great course material for casual study.  This class is not at all demanding but has a lot of useful materials that we can apply in our life.  The quiz questions are too simple and obvious but I guess that is not the purpose of this course :)
Amazing Course... I really Loved it.. In the course  rightly mentioned half knowledge on Positive psychology is really bad... It has completely changed my perception on various topic...  I will surely share the knowledge gained with others.
I loved this course mainly because I enjoy looking at the straights instead of the problems.  Furthermore, I loved the discussion bored mainly because I had the opportunity to help others and myself by contributing my thoughts and feelings.
Great overview of positive psychology in a clear, concise, relatable and understanding manner. This has been an eye-opener for me and has ensured that I choose and embrace Positive Psychology in my post graduate education as much as I can.
I am very glad to attend this course. Thank you very much to all team who prepared that course. Special thank to Dr.  Barbara Fredrickson! I am strongly determined to learn more about Positive Psychology and try to live in my life more...
It has been an excellent source of learning. I am taking the time to read the books that are recommended with the course thus the learning is richer. The formats used of video, supplemental reading, quiz etc are useful and spot on. Thanks
I had a wonderful session and most importantly it was an interesting lesson that I was so into it. Not only that I really needed in my life to be positive in everything I do.. The way you explain was simple, clear and understandable too.
Lots of topics with research information and a talk in an easy language that  allow every person to learn in this course . And the professional in mental health is too very useful because give an extra reading very interesting to explore
Apart from the theoretical background, the course includes quite a lot of practical aspects, that are useful to focus better on positive emotions. I really value this and for that reason can only recommend the course very, very highly.
Absolutely amazing approach to positivity, I always felt that it was something strong and very important in my life, but this course broadens your mind about positive feelings, their effect and how to get into a healthier feeling diet.
The course was excellent and most relevant nowadays to make oneself and others happy by positive emotionsThe course videos are very informative and the course coordinator showed her skills to make the things simple and doableThank you
It was an amazing experience. Over the course of these weeks, my relationships have improved with my family, friends and co-workers. I now smile at strangers on the road, and have learned to connect with people from all walks of life.
This course is just amazing.I would never get to know how these simple things have that big impact in our life without taking this course.This course made my understanding more broader about positive psychology and how things works.
A terrific course that has helped me change my life. I really liked the mindfulness medication exercises. And I'm reading Dr. Fredrickson's books on positive psychology. The positive energy this brought into my life is fantastic!!
I really like psychology, and I want to be a psychological consultation teacher. Maybe now even my mentality is not very psitive, but I am trying to change my opinion of upset, I am trying. And the teacher teaches us how to upward
Thanks a lot i enjoyed the course and i learnt a lot from it. May i request you to rectify my certificate for this course. The course name on the certificate is NOT IN ENGLISH kindly change it TO ENGLISH and resend it. Thank you
Excellent Course! Positive psychology is an emerging science that has proven its efficacy via simple strategies to remodel the mindset of a negatively wired brain to rewire neuro associations that have positive healthy outcomes.
This was a true revelation to me, I'am so keen and interested in Positive Psychology now and focused on practising the amazing things that I have learnt. Especially the micro-positive moments that change the life for all of us.
An excellent course which will benefit a person no matter what their profession.  Great insights about personal growth as well as solid information about research into positive emotions.  The format is engaging and informative.
I am super glad that I took Dr. Barbara Fredrickson's course! The material was challenging, but also well organized and provided for an excellent opportunity to learn. I am excited to be a part of anything that she has next.
Beautifully set and and I like the way the content is 'chunked'. Concepts are accessible and the small group seminar feel really makes you feel like you are part of the discussion. Overall, a fantastic introduction to PosEd.
Thank you for such wonderful course! The time, I've spent with lessons of professor Barbara Fredrickson, was one of the best moments of my last years. I appreciate its practical side and good scientific experimental basis!
The course gives u a number of examples, where u are just making a different choice to be not happy and u just have to flip the coin ...and everything would be AMAZING. A very good course, thank you professor and COURSERA
Amazing course. It was an amazing idea to have people being present on a lectures, as it made it more live and closer to real lectures.Overall course opened for me new, different side of psychology I never thought about.
Excellent teaching of a very interesting subject! I experienced some technical problems with the camera authentication (which I believe is unnecessary) but even attending only the video lectures, the course is excellent!
I have just completed week 5 successfully.  What a eye-opening positive course which I have found has helped me in my personal life as I have introduced new things as a result.  Very worthwhile doing, presented well too
I greatly enjoy learning and the material , plus the teacher are amazing ways to learn how to gain self confidence and ways to help yourself and others enter the ascending spiral of positivism! I am loving this course.
I liked the setting of the course, with interaction of other professionals on a round table. They way Friedrickson approaches the topic is clear, engaging and inspiring. The best course I have enrolled for in Coursera.
Wonderful class. As a teacher trainer, the class is very fruitful to me as per our syllabus. I am very glad when I see the smiling face of Christopher Peterson in the video. I greatly impressed by positive psychology.
I really recommend it. It is a simple course that gives you a good sense of what positive psychology is, its main aspects and concepts; and it also stimulates you to put in practice some of these notions in your life.
I loved the course. I am really very grateful for having participated in it. It has given me new tools for my work as a Clinical Psychologist and the desire to continue researching. A big greeting from Argentina !!!!
I enjoyed every second of the course, The teacher and all the guests were so smart, I'll definitely recommend it, because I felt like part of the conversation. Thank you so much for all the involved in this project!!
Thanks for this course! He put a lot into place and launched an amazing process of accepting himself and positive-based confidence! It was no coincidence! I'm already sharing with loved ones. The waves are diverging.
An excellent course  which identified for me a number of thought provoking aspects to positivity. I felt the presentation set up with three attendees and the presenter was really helpful to convey the course message.
This is a wonderful course that gives basic ideas about positive psychology. It is greatly organised and easy to follow. The given exercises are helpful and very motivating. It helped me a lot in my everyday routine.
An instructive way to enhance and streamline the positive side of life. I learnt that positive emotions are as essential as a healthy diet, good sleep and daily exercises. Dr. Barbara Fredrickson radiates positivity.
Excellent course! I really liked the interactive small group format lectures. Dr. Fredrickson has a real passion for the subject matter. This course is definitely beneficial on so many levels. I highly recommend it!
In this course, you can learn basic idea of positive psychology and some applications to daily life. If you are interested in using psychology to enhance your ability and well-being, I highly recommend this course.
i really enjoyed this course! it showed me things i did know and also many ways to handle moments or emotions! it taught me many new things and ways to acknowledge all types of feelings and to use positivity more!
Its a good basic course on positive psychology with the right balance of theory, research based findings, discussion, activities and projects, meditation techniques, opportunities for introspection and application
I enjoy to learn the view of positive pychology. I would like to congratolate to  Barbara i Fredrickson for the course, and the simple   and objective presentation, and also practical. I´m invited for learn more.
Extremely helpful & extremely excited. The way the course has been designed is extremely appreciable. I recommend this course to any body and every body to take. Its a stepping stone to a better world. Thank you
Great experience and great time learning about that fascinating topic. That was my first time doing an online study with a university and I would do it again anytime. Great, Thank you for that great experience.
It was a great pleasure to follw this course who helped me in acquiring a thorough understanding, and awareness, on the benefits of positive psychology. I will miss my weekly appointment with Doct. Fredrickson!
An exceptional course which mix sciencie and positivity with great examples and exercises, and definitely one of the best scientist/teacher I´ve met, Barbara Fredrickson. Congratulations for this great course.
I found this course very interesting and engaging. I am excited as to how I can apply this new information to my own life and to share it with other people. I would highly recommend the course to other people.
Thank you from the bottom my heart for taking care of the simplest forms of feelings which were taken for granted, this course has helped me to be a better person and to have a different mindset towards life.
Excellent course!I have learned a lot about of positive psychology. The most important point is that  I can  apply in my job and with my family and friends every day. It helps   to improve my and their  lifes
This one has been a helpful course! I have learnt a lot. Specially, since positivity is necessary for living and being kind. To really know how positivity works and affects our lives has been enlightening.
It delivers what it promises. I am now better equipped to live a more fulfilling personal and professional life. It was a pleasure to take this course. Congratulations to everyone involved in this project.
Thank for this course. I really liked the lectures, materials and the assignments. This course is helping me think, act and feel positive. I am working on increasing my positivitiy ratio.  Thank you again!
Very well developed course with various contents by Course instructor Dr. Barbara L. Fredrickson's personal, academic and scientific research experiences. Educationally enriching, experientially relaxing.
I want to declare  this course as a very excellent  study an intriguing involvement of studies. A very interesting subject and the components how its used to help balance the flow of positivity and love.
Really considered an important course for everyone not only in the psychological field, since it is always necessary to feel optimally healthy and above all to have an energizing look first and foremost.
I enjoyed this class on a very personal level and saw immediately the changes in my mindset and how that alone began a process of me feeling better overall and pursuing things that will better my life.
Interesting, fun, and really engaging. It helps me personally and helps with how i connect with others. Must at least try to do the optional activities! Truly one of the best choices I made this month.
Super cours, très intéressant, un grand merci a Barbara Friedrickson pour la mise à disposition de ces connaissances.Great course, very interesting, a great thanks to Barbara fora all, it was awesome
Taking this course has broaden my view about emotions and the way we interract with other people.  I am a psychotherapist and I believe that what I learned will make a differrence in my practice.
I loved this course. Now I have a lot to do in France to spread out with loving kindness with my patients in my office and in companies where I teach mindfulness meditation. Thank you Barbara
I am so glad i'm taking this course. it's worth my time. I'm not a fan of positive psychology because i thought it was all injecting the positive emotions. but its not its about being open.
Great course. Barabara makes me very inspired to make micro-moments of loe a habit into my daily life! I work as Coach and Medium, so I definitly will use it in my work. My new way of life!
Great course! Thank you!I learned to be more conscious, now I understand that everything depends on us, on our interpretation and our desire to see something good. I recommend to everyone!
I learned great things, Im gratefull.And I think spreading this knowledge is very valuable, I also think adding something more interactive or more visually strong would enhance the course.
Excellent! Very good course on personal and social area, which could also give you an "up" professionally by making your day and better!Thanks for this very important knowledge sharing!!!
The structure of lecture/ conversation combined with interaction during the lessons was an excellent way to learn and stay focused. The professor was wonderful and I enjoyed her content.
I totally learned a lot from this course.  It made me realize that there are a lot of ways to ripples positive resonance. The activities are great, especially during the meditation week.
this is an amazing course taught beautifully Dr. Fredrickson she is a wonderful instructor I feel I learned a great deal from her much thanks to her and the University of North Carolina
Excellence course, very well paced and lots of insights for me. Plently of takeaways and this has helped me to reflect and live every moment of life through Micro Moment of Connections.
Really enjoyed this course on Positive Psychology with Dr. Fredrickson.  I learned much more than I anticipated and I'm looking forward to moving further down the path of life coaching!
thank dr. Barbara  you did great work. You invest a lot of effort and share very valuable knowledge with others.  I hope that this will add to your happiness as will as our's. Good Work
A very interesting and informative course. I really enjoyed the training, found the Tutor very interesting and got a lot from this training. Really good insight and information. Thanks
Excellent course! I am a total novice in the topic, but Dr. Fredrickson is a MASTER on sharing her wide knowledge and expertisse on Positive Psychology. I would recommend it for sure.
I thoroughly have enjoyed Dr. Barbara Fredickson's Positive Psychology Class!  The lessons have been enlightening and much needed for the times that we are collectively experiencing.
It's not only good educational and science based course, it also very practical and meaningful for everyone. I appreciate Barbara Fredrickson and all of course creators, thank you!
I learned so much about myself but also about how other people act and why I react the way I do.  Very helpful for not only relationships but also leadership and health. Well done.
If you want to change your perspective on life and feel better, you should definitely take this course.I am very grateful.I believe I will be more positive after that.Thanks a lot!
I absolutely loved this course! It was rich and mind-stimulating with interesting questions and remarks. Thank you so much, Barb, for sharing in all the information on this course!
Positive Psychology has excited me since i found out about it. This course sustained that interest and helped understand the concept beyond the Wikipedia page that I had relied on
I really enjoyed this course. It has very useful information to start practicing positive emotions, change your idea of love and have a better relationship with myself and others.
Thank you! I really enjoyed this course. I will also try to demonstrate and apply more positivity in my life so that I can help others display more positive emotions. Thank you!
This course has really help me to feel better, I have a different perspective of the world around me. I´m not happy, I´m finding my inner peace by having more positive emotions.
I enjoyed this course as it complemented my own readings about Positive Psychology. Thank you to Dr Fredrickson and the classmates who made the journey enjoyable and memorable.
Amazing eyeopener with wonderful practical solutions to stay positive. Highly recommended. I'm happy that I took this journey. Thank you Barbara and Team such a wonderful work.
This course is very helpful to my professional practice. Thank you  Coursera.  Thank you Dr. Barbara L. Fredrickson. And thank you University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
This is really a great experience and I was too eager to learn the new things quickly so I could complete the course quickly. thank you so much for giving this opportunity!!!
Incredible course. I would recommend it to any human person who wants to experience more connection, positivity and joy in their lives. (so, you know, hopefully most people).
Very thought provoking course with many real life implications and even put-into-practice course assignments. Something everyone should take the time to learn a little about.
This course has given me so many learnings about emotions and it will be too much great for my future life.Thanks the respective instructor to present this wonderful course.
Fantastic course. Enjoyed every moment -- Barbara Fredrickson is so kindly and gently motivating.  It was enormously helpful to me in both my personal and professional life.
Love this course, the way she teaches, and the fact I can do it at my own pace. However, I seem to rush though this as I understand it all, and love it. Cannot get enough!
I enjoyed this course. It's a little easy to pass - great for someone new to Coursera and/or beginning learning, but it's interesting and offers practical real-life tasks.
It was a wonderful learning process,simple,clear,to the point and what great sessions it was listening to the interactions of all esteemed academicians.Thank you so much
This course has really given me the skills I needed to improve my interpersonal skills, as well as enhance the way I interact with the world, as well as with loved ones.
This course had helped me shape new perspective about positive emotions. I loved the style and method of teaching. Enjoyed every bit of knowledge and experiences shared!
I really enjoyed this course thank you.  I have not received my certificate and its been several months since I completed the course! When should I expect to receive it?
It was actually an interesting course. lectures and discussions were quiet helpful and supportive for understanding the topic as well as for submitting the assignments.
Simply amazing!!! Really love to learn about Positive Psychology, is very interesting how the way we see things, effects our lives!Hope to have others courses about it!
Its was great learning by Barbara and final conclusion was positivity is with individuals. Let us spread the positivity with in society, great place and to all others.
This was a wonderful course to add to my repertoire. It sparked my interest to learning more about positive psychology and how I can add pieces of this to my practice.
A truly fabulous course that will increase your awareness of how to facilitate more positive feelings and the knowledge of why this is so important to health outcomes.
The content and instructor were both great! I appreciated the format of the course and how it was like being part of the discussion, I found it kept me engaged. Thank
Very interesting and helpful on the power of positivity.  Micro-moments of positive connection is an important and lasting take-away.  I highly recommend this course.
Excellent course and very easy to grasp concepts as Dr. Barbara Fredericton is a wonderful instructor.   I would like to take other courses taught by her. Thank you!!
It is a good course to make me feel grateful and be more conscious to y self-awareness on positive psychology and thinking. It can benefit people around me as well!
I enjoyed and found the course useful for my personal purposes and possibly for professional purposes. It was a good mix of talks, readings and personal reflection.
I particularly like WEEK- 4. The overall course was beneficial and perspective changing. I was able to understand myself better. Thank you Dr. Barbara fredrickson.
This course was so useful to as a Human resource manager and a social worker. It have changed me in many positive ways. As a mentor i will get use of this course.
Great format, nicely paced videos, good slides, amazing teacher with a wealth of knowledge and a great calming energy. Great syllabus, I learned a lot. Thank you!
Eye opening and helping to adsorb science to enrich the one's thoughts and point of view on the powerful moments of everyday life. Thank you, I loved this course!
Thank you. Excellent information and experiential journey . Great learnings and will certainly help myself and others with everything I've learned. All the best.
Great collection of relevant subjects. It gives the true meaning of life. Once you complete this, you are bound to experience a different approach towards life.
This course has left a great impact on my daily life. I am able to look for those micro moments of postivity all around me and I am more happy person now a days
This course seems like a good start for people who do not major in psychology. The idea expressed in the course is likely to contribute to people's daily lives.
This course was very enlightening.  I would recommend this course to anyone interested in how positive psychology can enhance your life and the lives of others.
i loved the coarse because we see the world in our favor  after doing this i learnt one thing that as there is two faces for a coin then learn to accept both .
Excellent course, thank you to all involved. I thoroughly enjoyed completing this course and now have great knowledge from the benefits of positive psychology.
Thank you . It was uplifting and refreshing to see that psychology is turning toward seeking what are positive in people instead of focusing on the negative.I
Learning positive psychology was interesting. A great course. Positive Psychology is the difference that makes the difference. I really recommend this course.
It's one of the best course I have completed in Coursera and I enjoyed it so much. It helped me to learn positive psychology detailed and very interestingly.
A good course! I would recommend to everyone. The Professor was awesome, her laughter alone would motivate you to keep concentrating, really had a good time.
had a wonderful experience on positive psychology.thank you DR. BARABARA FREDRICKSON. hoping for more interesting courses on psychology like this . thank you
Super helpful. I was quite depressed. This course changed my view in a fundamental way. I have more positive moments now, and I use this in my teaching too.
great course for focusing our conscience on what is truly important for our wellbeing and expressing positive thoughts and gratitude  in our every day life.
A thought provoking course, especially in this interesting covid challenge .Inspiring, interesting , giving great tools and ideas for everyday betterment .
I’m grateful for taking
this curse, my commitment to know more about positive emotions, their practice and study is for sure a new style of living for me.
Absolutely brilliant course. Barbara's style and authenticity impressed me the most. This online course really makes a positive difference in your life.
I really enjoyed this time. Dra. Fredrickson makes it easy to understand this side of psychology, even when you haven't had any experience in the field.
great course..helps you understand yourself better..as the tiny engines of our lives drive us ..rzther steer us to more and more positivity..in our life
This course introduce you to positive psychology, but first you need to use this positivy psychology on you. The experience of this course are amazing.
This course was absolutely amazing and insightful. The impact it has begun to make in my life is phenomenal and I would recommend it to all. Thank you!
Thought-provoking course on positive psychology.  I much enjoyed the course and am working on adopting a more positive attitude with the skills learnt.
A course very rich in information and experiential. Very good to have direct contact with great researchers of the area. And Barbara is a sweet person.
Absolutely amazing course! Strong foundation, clear explanations, applications in real life situations and lots of great references for further study.
Gain insight to positive emotions and the function of positivity resonance, developed very helpful skills in improving the wellbeing on a daily basis.
A truly inspiring and life changing course.  This course helped me personally and professionally.  Thank you Dr. Fredrickson and the rest of the team.
It was perfect. The talks had a proper duration, they were entertaining.  The amount of theory and examples was perfectly balanced. I really liked it.
From this course, I have learned how to be positive from very small things. It must be started from myself. Simple thanks can even change one's life.
Exceptional course. So much was learnt and I cant wait to put my work into good use. Thank you Dr. Fredrickson for making this course understandable!
Excellent!, very good i am very happy couse im  more positive now, thx  to the Barbara, i am really happy :-) She is very didactic and great teacher!
I liked the small group teaching style with interactions and opinions from the participants in the videos. Much more interesting than just a lecture.
Very good and instructive, i reccomend people start this course with the "Buddism and modern psychology". They complement themselves in a unique way
Thanks to professor Barbara Fredrickson, and her invited participants, I could learn more about positive psychology and specially positive emotions.
Very interesting course. I like the perspective of positivity, instead of only looking for problems in people's lives (like psychology does mostly)
Its very good stream i came across very good information and i gained lot of knowledge and try to know interesting facts about psychology thankyou
it was really very helpful to understand one's positive emotions and its benefits. thank you for giving me an opportunity to learn and understand.
I found this course very informative when I start I could not stop I just wanted to complete the course at once. I thank you for this opportunity.
absolutely life-changing course. I have been so amazed by the extent that experimental psychology translates into real-life applicable practices.
My first ever course as of Psychology. It was really excellent. It will definitely help me to build positive connection in my future ahead......
Very Practical approach towards creating not just positive moments in the present but also leading towards more such positivity for the future.
This class was thorough, and the videos were efficient without wasted words. It was great for me, being busy with family and working full time!
One of the best psychology courses I have taken. I have learned so much and how simple it is to implement these principles into everyday life.
Fantastic! I highly recommend this course since you not only learn about Positive Psychology, but it also enable you to apply it to your life.
This course really made think deeper about the best moments of my life. I now pay attention to the micro-moments of pleasure and togetherness.
This course really takes us to compensate for our attitudes towards life and drives us to adopt new habits and new beliefs. Congratulations.
it's a very effective lesson where i am learning how to help everybody around me lie a happy life away from any depression or negativities .
I teach an undergraduate psychology and I found this course very helpful to update my knowledge base as well as my personal skills.Thank You
I loved this course! I really learned a lot and interestingly, learning the importance of negativity made me feel a lot better about myself.
loved it....except for not being able to submit quizzes because I didn't pay for the upgrade...so now the course doesn't show as completed.
What a beautiful journey I had through this course. It has made me more part of the world I live in and more peaceful. Highly recommended.
Great course! Relevant, pleasant and practical! I can already feel the changes in my life. Thank you very much for this great opportunity!
Other way to live our lives, really a wonderful course that helps a lot to change the view and the attitude on every step of our life way.
It was a really great introduction to many simple and easy techniques that any one can apply to have more positive outlook on their lives.
Best course in life ever! felt very positive ever since. I love this course and have already recommended it to many friends and Family who
Really interesting and well presented videos. The quizzes were also well thought out with relevant questions without being too difficult.
it's a great introductory course for positive psychology.  Also it is very helpful in life overall to lead a better and meaningful life.
Very impactful course. Amazing information presented in a easy to access format. I wish all courses and education was this high quality.
very pleased with the course.  i was sick for a week or 2 and got rather behind, so i'm relieved the deadline was extended.  Thanks!dana
Love the way this course was taught , with people sharing their views & I as a participant was in a way able to engage with the course.
Thank you so much for this course.I learned about myself, happiness and how to support my self and others in the ups and downs of life.
A very well thought-out course on positive psychology and finding micro-moments of connection with people around us in an engaging way.
detailed explanation helps you recognize and investigate in your daily life the importance and the changing power of positive emotions.
It was amazing to learn how small changes in life can change the way we lead life to teh fullest.                  BF is just awesome.
Firm knowledge background. Focus on application. Motivate people to explore more. Most importantly, I can feel the Love from Dr. Fred.
Thanks to coursera and the instructors who have put not only employment, but part of their life in the elaboration of these courses...
Useful, interesting, valuable. Now, I have a better way to manage my emotional condition.Congratulations!! Dr. Barbara L. Fredrickson
Kindly convey my  heartfelt gratitude, to Dr Barbara Fredrickson and her team for designing such  an intriguing and involving course.
Thank you Dr. Barbara, you are an amaizing teacher and your commitment the research of this topic helped me, and I'm sure other, too.
Since Positive Psychology is the newest branch of Psychology, I think that this course best explains in a gist what it is all about.
A very wonderful course, there are opportunities to solve problems in the way of human life. We thank the authors of this course ...
It was the best decision to start my course of Posititve psychology. I learnt a lot of new things and the science behind it. Lovely
I have learnt many important things about positive psychology.it is very useful to us.it's a good platform to learn many things .
I liked this training, it was a lot interesting and I will put in practice every detail to improve my life. Thank you very much.
These very simple, easy to understand concepts were discussed under a bright new light of relevance. Thoughtful and interesting.
Excellent topics and awesome discussion . open new ideas and gave many new thoughts to be aware about our emotions and thoughts
Its awesome and very intense scientific study which connects the Positive psychology with daily life and our owntransformation
It was enlightening and inspiring. It enriched my life, and it made me consider positive psychology as my masters study field!
I enjoyed the concepts in this course. I especially practice the Loving Kindness Meditation and love the effects it has on me.
Dr. Barb is really good! She facilitated the online class really well. It is very practical and interactive. I learned a lot!
Really a nice course, practical and it makes you think. Easy to learn lessons that you can apply immediately and see results.
I simply loved it.....More and more people should take up this course and expand their knowledge. It's 100% worth your time.
Really well designed course. Lots of practical and new ideas. I found the course gave me a real lift and would recommend it.
Awesome class. Lots of practical applications to cutting edge research.  You'll feel great once you've completed the class.
I have enjoyed the course. It was so good to learn the new aspects of positive emotions from the scientific point of view.
I learnt that positivity is always in me, and not from my surrounding. The course really an eye opening for me. Thank you.
This course is really beneficial. It changes how I see what I have and appreciate every little things. Small thing matter.
This course helped me a lot by changing my outlook towards positivity and love. I hope to apply the same in my daily life.
Really interesting course with awesome content. A great introduction to anyone who has an interest in Positive Psychology.
Absolutely wonderful.it helped me to understand that i can control my thoughts.i have learnt the secret for a better life.
This is a wonderful introduction to positive psychology.  I enjoyed the lectures and will now read the professor's books.
the interactive dissemination of the course material is very effective and captivating. Very good execution of the tasks.
It helps me to understand how to use negative feelings and looking at the positive outcomes from each of those feelings.
It's a good and V gd course ..thanks to coursera..I really recommend choose this course..now a days it's vry relavent ..
I am very happy with this course. He’s awesome. Thanks Dr. Friedrickson and her colleagues for their amazing knowledge.
It was really great as it added positivity in me, taught me how to be kind and many more. Really thanks for such course
Love this course!!! The professor is very well grounded in theory, and also very practical. The interviews are awesome.
Excellent course.  I do appreciate the resources and the follow up emails and I continue to go learn about this course.
Logical information based on solid research that explores contexts that I had not considered before. Very good course!
Great inroduction to positive psychology.  Loving kindness meditation really is good for self and others.  Thank You !
Great overview of positive psychology.  Interactive activities and reflections throughout the course work were useful.
Its great course. Teaching method and techniques are so good. and so helpful to learn how to be positive in real life.
very much helpful lectures and topic in modifying one's life after all a hurdle life event..thank you very much madam
Awesome Lecture series and videos to know more about Positive Psychology and how it will impact in day to day life .
I I really
enjoyed the classes and materials Thanks Teacher Thanks Coursera for the
opportunity of everyone to study
Excellent introduction to Positive Psychology.  Dr. Fredrickson is easy to understand, and expresses concepts well.
This course important to find out how to be positive person in live and how to spread the positivity to the world.
This has been one of the most helpful courses in understanding how to make a transforming difference in the world.
This course, Positive psychology has helped me a lot and inspired me and I feel glad being a part of it.Thankyou!
Thank YOUUUUUUU with an emphases on YOU Dr Fredrikson for creating such a wonderful and life transforming course.
I very much enjoyed this course and found the information very helpful and valuable to everyday life and beyond.
I loved this course.I have learned how to stay positive in our life, how we get connected positively in society.
Halfway through this course and finding it relevant, practical, useful, enjoyable - I can't recommend it enough.
Thank you Dr. Barbara. This was an outstanding course. I learned a lot and startetd to apply it in my every day
A very good course to have an understanding about positive psychology and very well explained by Dr Fredrickson
Very good course. Well laid out and very applicable. Nice balance of academic theory and practical application.
I LOVE THE COMPLETE PLATFORM AND CONCEPT!EVERYTHING IS WAY TOO COOL, THE MODULES, QUIZZES AND THE INSTRUCTOR's!
A fantastic course...simple to understand with far reaching impact for me in my personal and professional life.
I love this field of science. I am glad that they choose to keep this course here for a year and more. Thankyou
I Loved this course, it was great and I learned so much, I really enjoyed he way the teacher teaches the class.
Very inspirational topics and content, and engaging homework that really let me reflect and benefit from this!
it is really useful to my career as a teacher especially when students nowadays face mental health challenges
It is Amazing course. Thanks a lot to Barbara and her team for practical, insightful, and eye-opening course.
Excellent course. Enhances the well being of self and also in working environment irrespective to the domain.
Thank you for this course learnt a lot of about positive psychology...Great Course that everyone should take❤
Excellent course with wonderful content. the video lectures are superb and really enriching and enlightening.
I didn't finished the course yet. But I already feel much better than before. It is an amazing course indeed!
I  thank "Barabara Fredrick" and her team for organizing such a wonderful course which is used for all ages.
Brilliant course, covering new trends in the field, in both theoretical, and practical easy to follow steps.
I am loving it. You acquire important information in a very easy way - the socratic method still works then!
I would like to thank you this course encourage me to studying positive psychology in deep more than before.
Just taking part in this course made me feel the results of positive resonance!!!!! I recomment it strongly!
Amazing to be introduced to and learn about the concept of Positive Psychology by Prof. Barbara Fredrickson
Very interesting and useful! You can make your life better... by yourself! This is not magic, it's science!
A great introductory course, providing the theory and practice for understand and live Positive Psychology.
I just love this class so much. The professor is very kind and explains very well so even I can understand,
It was a lovely journey that i enjoyed and learned so much. Thanks Dr. Fredrickson for this lovely course.
The course is very valuble and teaches us what a great value we are missing out by ignoring little things.
Very Helpful and I really Learned a lot and excites to try and explore it in my work as a School Counselor
A great introduction  to understanding positive psychology. Excellent resources and support through forum.
really helped get rid of this negative impact that covid-19 lockdown was making on me..Thankyou very much
Great learning of some very subtle and nice stuff, which will help me in my profession and personal life.
Informative and useful in my work as a school counselor! Thank you for making this course so accessible.
An interesting course and great as an introduction to Positive Psycology... a worthwhile course to take!
Very informative, increased awareness on topic and understood the way forward to improve connections...
Really enjoyed learning about positive psychology and would love to have more micro-moments in my life.
Enjoyed every moment of this wonderful course. A great complimentary for Fredrick's book on Positivity.
This course was clear, useful, insightful.  Some information in here that everyone should know and use.
Really excellent and elegant in delivery. Very powerful course that everyone can get something out of.
The course is very helpful and it increases a person's knowledge about emotions and teaches new things
This course is best course i have  taken .I learned so much depend upon the principle and  meditations
This is a great class.  Truly made me think about my everyday interactions and how they effect others.
I truly enjoyed taking this Positive Phsychology course.  I found it to be insightful and informative.
Amazing content, great facilitation and very engaging lecturer. I totally loved it! Thank you so much
Great course and curriculum. I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in pursuing psychology.
Imagine all the people living in the world in peace and sharing the world, using positive psychology.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, made me look at things from a whole different positive perspective
you can leanr a lot and you can apply what you learn. the course was fun, effective and informative.
The class is a pleasure to take and provides a foundation for well-being for the rest of one's life.
An amazing course ! especially if you need scientific experimental evidence for positive psychology.
This is the good course to learn, I learnt many positive approaches from this. Thanks to Instructor
it was a wonderful journey with those feelings and thoughts being conveyed directly to me .thankyou
Wonderfully done! I will definitely take more courses from them in the future regarding Psychology.
I loved it and has been sharing all I learnt and will go on recommending it forever! God Bless you!
I learned a lot in this course and made me curious even more about Positive Psychology. Thank you.
Brought new perspective to love and how we can find our own micro-moments to create connectedness.
I love this course, it is so interesting. I love learning about emotions and how they effect you.
This is a very helpful course to anyone who is interested in learning more about their emotions.
I feel like a gained a lot of knowledge about positive emotions that will help me in the future.
Beautiful experience indeed. So informative, with a casual yet professional delivery. Excellent!
It was great learning. New Techniques and all the positivity induced by this course was awesome.
very interesting and stimulating. helped me a lot with the new stage of my life that i am facing
I found this course very helpful for myself and it will also be helpful for my coaching clients.
One of the best course on coursera which can  help me to complete all other courses on coursera.
Course was superb. Mam explaination so nice. I learned a lot by this course. Thank you so much.
Simple, lucid content with good conversations and examples that make the concept interesting!!
I realize that micro moments of positivity and science of love more important for our society.
The course is amazing and discussion between the instructor and her colleague is enlightening.
This course has been really helpful for me to validate my understanding of positive psychology
Very nice and thoughtful class. Entry-level and easy for people with no psychology background.
This course completely shifted my paradigm towards psychology. A must do course for everyone.
This course is so good for beginners and those, who are studying pshychology on higher level.
Positivity is part of ME! Who I am and who and what I want to be, that's positive Psychology!
Great course for practitioners, educators, and almost everyone wants to lead a positive life!
This was a great course and I would recommend it to anyone interested in Positive Psychology!
Very Happy to be with you all.Really i learned a lot form this course. we will be connected.
Great discussions and topic! Certainly has helped me to go through the ups and downs of life
it was great to discover positive emotions and how important they are to develop resilience.
I really enjoyed both the teacher and the content of this course. I strongly recommmend it!
Excellent, very engaging and with plenty of food for thought as well as external resources.
Very good, interesting, useful, clear and scientific! Thank you very much Dr. Fredrickson!
I loved this course because I know that is realy important for me and all people around me
Excellent course, to understand the importance of promoting positive thoughts and emotions
An amazing course with such great professors, well done for putting it this good together.
Beautifully connect to life saver positive "micro-moments " thanks for fabulous connection
This course was extremely interesting. I want to learn more about positive psychology now.
I like the format of allowing us to share our thoughts in the middle of a lecture/video.
I could feel the positivity overflowing during the entire session. Thank you very much!!
the way course was carried it automatically fills positivism. feeling calm and positive.
this course teaches me so much about little things that will change a lot about my life.
Excellent! Makes you continue right away, and focus on it for the rest of of our lives.
It's been a great inspiration to my dissertation!Thanks, Professor Fredrickson!Daniella
I learned so much, and will use this knowledge gratefully in every day life. Thank you!
I feel so satisfied with the course it changed my overall perspective and personality.
Very accessible and informative course with highly relevant and practical information.
Wonderful insights shared by dr. Fredrickson. Really delighted to attend her sessions.
I am leaning most of thing in this course Thanks to Coursea Given me this opportuness.
I personally love the classroom simulation by having four people in the video lectures
This was an amazing course and I've been able to put it in practice on a daily basis.
I really liked the way the course was conducted using the pattern of panel discussion
This course reshaped how I view the relationships that I have with myself and others.
This excellent for me to learn positive psychology. Thank you Dr. Barbara Fredrickson
Great course. Very enjoyable and relevant. Positive emotions will resonate all around
This course is amazing! Really valuable and practical knowledge. Highly recommend it!
It was very interesting for me to study in this course, except for some difficulties
I loved learning about it and it also helped me to gain a new idea about psychology.
It was more than i expected. the course is really great with and i highly recommend.
It is a great course for me, especially when I do not have a good mood at right now.
Of all the college courses I have ever taken, this is by far, my favorite, best one.
One of the best courses I did here! Useful and interesting, I can only recommend it.
Iam vey much learned in this course and this is very useful in my life THANK YOU...
One of the most amazing courses i have come across so farthank you so much for this
Very interesting course content. also the way of presenting/discussing it is great!
IT was wonderful experience, i will definitely apply my day to day life activities
The best course I have done. Best lecturing...and very thankfull to the proffecer.
Good course to improve yourself and know more about how to make you more positive
Nice course ,a I learnt lots of things .They ara more helpful to my life.Thank u.
Really nice and interesting. Specially because of the part of School counselling.
EXCELLENT course! Suitable to most people, and really helpful to our daily lives!
This course is so usefull and wonderful. I highly recommend to join this course.
Great opportunity to understand the connection of perception on physical health.
Transformational information!  This course will change your perspective on life.
This coursei s really organised to learn positive psychology within short time.
Really good course. Interactive, evidence based, interesting and easy to study.
Extremely well presented with direct impact to ones life and those around them.
The entire course was good and helped to learn more about positive psychology.
It was a fun experience and a great new knowledge.Thanks for this opportunity!
VERY beneficial. Thanks to everyone who contributed to this invaluable course.
Very good course it really changes some concepts and challenge you to improve!
It was something exceptional iI felt after going through this amazing course .
This course was very enlightening and rich. it is very helpful on many levels.
Excellent course. Very applicable in both your professional and personal life.
An amazing course that shapes the way you live, if you choose to allow it to.
I liked the course. It is very helpful and easy to understand for any person.
>.<       THANK YOU FOR GIVING US HOPE...................WE ALL NEED IT   >.<
very helpful and boosts a person's way of living as it teaches new things,..
This was incredibly helpful to add in to my holistic toolbox with clients :)
A must one course to do as it will help you to grow more towards positivity.
An eye opener, really glad I registered and finished it. Thank you, Barbara.
This course has changed my outlook on my relationships, emotions, and life.
in this hectic world to find positivity with in ourselves is very important
Love the Course offered by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
A really great introductionary course. I would recommend this to everyone!
Fantastic course, I can just recommend it and would always do it again!!!!
Excellent course, great professor and very good quality content. Thank you
I like it, and I think it can really change me into a more positive person
putting words to fit the daily experiences have increased my understanding
This is really helpful! I have gained so much knowledge from this course.
Absolutely great course... I love this and I highly recommend this course
Great overview of the subject area and tools to implement what you learn.
Very good opportunity from a legend in the field of positive psychology!
A very good way for get a view on Positive Psycholgy. I like the lessons
Great course, lots of useful knowledge and easy to practise approaches!
A course i was really interested in. Dr.Fredrickson really taught well.
I enjoy this course very much and I am grateful for that. Thanks a lot!
Love this course!  Excellent information that you can apply right away.
Good course.  I have learned skills to take forward into the workplace.
Real important information for our daily lives improvement right here.
I like this course very much, it was easy and very instructed. thanks.
The course has made a significant impact how I view myself and others.
Really helpful on the understanding of emotion and positive psychology
I have truly enjoyed the format and content of this course! Excellent!
Excellent teaching.... Thank you very much for your valuable teaching
Learned a lot from this! <3 I so love the course. Thank you for this!
I feel I have earned something precious. My gratitude for everything.
This course was very useful to me for being motivated and encouraged.
Positive Psychology will be a very helpful course for me in my life .
Timely and can be applied in different countries, I am  from Malaysia
Excellent course. helped me with my personal and professional career.
Great learning experience. Thanks Coursera and Barbara Fredrickson.!!
Down to earth science, effective techniques to improve our wellbeing.
Such a wonderful and insightful course which broadens our horizons!!
Absolutely loved this course. Thank you so much for the opportunity!
A must for every one who want to have more positivity in their life.
It was very great to feel. I feel more positive now . Thank you mam
Very important and interesting course. We all should experience it.
Incredibly powerful tools for growth, far exceeded my expectations.
great course that has new idea in happiness and Positive Psychology
It was really useful and effective for day to day life and oneself
I loved this course, which I found very interesting and enriching!
Fantastic teaching. Would love to learn more from Dr. Frederickson
This course is amazing. It changed my life. Thank you for sharing!
Great course! I strongly recommend this course for all my friends.
Great course to increase the frequency of your positive emotions.
Great course LOVE the work of Dr. Fredrickson! Highly Recommended
Learned so much and this was applicable to my career in teaching.
Great concepts. Will have to apply consistently  for best results
I suggest for  everyone should take this course.its really great
Thank you for such a nice course! Life's will not be the same if
Thoroughly enjoyed this course and gained some practical skills!
Amazing Course! Congrats, I've learned a lot! Thank you so much!
Great course, discussion format helped to absorb more knowledge.
interesting & high quality content, very interactive & inspiring
This was an excellent course and I learned so much! Thank You!!!
Great course, the tools learned here I will apply my entire life
Very eye-opening. I am grateful to have come across this course
Very informative and practical applications for everyday life.
It was nice learning through discussion with practical example
I loved this course. It's probably one of my favorites so far.
Greatly enjoyed this class and would recommend it to everyone!
Great. i learn a lot of think that applicable in my daily life
Practical and inspiring for positive changes in one owns life.
Awesome course!  Great review of principles already practiced.
Excellent Instructor, made the class exciting and interesting.
The course is very interesting and helpful for everyone life.
Its really very good to have knowledge on Positive Psychology
I learnt many things by this positive psychology..TQ Coursera
This course was very helpful to understand others and myself.
I found it to be very informative and I enjoyed it immensely.
Very important for people who wants to study about emotions..
Course is very useful and increased positive thoughtskindness
Excellent course to review and improvise your positive nature
Thank you, it was a great introduction to positive psychology
Thank you Prof. Fredrickson for this life changing journey :)
Videos got a little long towards the end but excellent course
It's very interesting.and the professor is very good as well.
i loved the course. thanks to all the teachers and students.
It was absolutely lovely. Thank you so much for the sharing.
amazing experience of peace and serenity.thank you so much !
I had great experience for attending this course. Thank you.
Thank you for giving us the new dimension of Positivity! :))
Great course. Your life never be the same after this course.
This is highly recommended to create the positive atmosphere
Its wonderful experience to learn about positive psychology
Love it! it is great for personal implementation and growth
very interesting course ....enhabces self positiveness also
VERY GOOD COURSE, VERY GOOD TEAM, REALLY APPRECIATING IT :)
Best course ever, love everything, thank you so so so much
It was very enjoyable and nice course. I learn much things
Amazing, thanks for all the knowledge and heart resonance!
Thank you so much for this opportunity! I learned so much.
I liked the course and learned a new vision of psychology.
great course....purely practical based....helps for tunned
terrific - timely - for individuals, coaches, or leaders.
Boost positivity overall...Feeling Determined and relaxed
An excellent course for beginners in Positive Psychology.
I am really enjoying this course and it is life changing.
amazing learned alot of things about positive Psychology
It was greatly useful and it helped me in being positive
I have learnt a lot from this course. fantastic content!
Easy to understand and easy to follow through. Love it !
not only very useful information, but very good therapy!
Very easy to understand, many things to put in practice.
The course has taken me to the next level of psychology
Excellent choice to learn more about positive emotions!
Great concepts that had an immediate impact in my life.
It's great to know our emotions and make a better life.
It helped me to develop improve and nurture my skills.
Wisely guided. Useful everyday insights. Thanks a lot!
it has been an amazing experience in the time of covid
its an excellent course which give verity of knowledge
Excellent material and extremely effective narratives.
Excelent and very crystal clear science of well being.
This course is really adaptable in my daily activities
Loved this course and Dr Fredrickson is one of a kind.
Awesome course on introduction to Positive Psychology.
amazing insightful and all around a great reminder :)
Great course and instructor. I enjoyed it. Thank you.
The first and best course I did!! Highly recommended.
Great course. Very useful. Great professor Fredrikson
it is a fabulous course which I haven't learn before
Very helpful and I learned a lot .Thankyou very much
Thanks for the certificate. Very good course for me.
very interesting to learn and gives a good knowledge
amazing course , have built up a sense of gratitude
Really Embarrasses me to feel my  Positive Emotions
Its a fantastic course. I have really learnt a lot.
Useful for making life Happy with Positive Approach
one of the most inspiring course to all youngsters.
A great basic understanding to Positive Psychology!
A very good introduction on positive psychology. :)
i really learned a lot from this course. thank you
the wonderful trigger for a life-changing decision
This gave me a clear idea of what positivity means
It is a great introduction to positive psychology!
Many takeaways. Consoling. Will highly recommend.
