I did not know there was a project and i want my certification please
The answers to the quiz keeps changing answers.
I want to unenroll the course now
Course was good and informative and happy it was a SUNY school, but I was disappointed by multiple participants (specifically from other countries) that used recycled final projects.  This is seen when peer reviewing final projects (which is a requirement).  Kind of left me with a bad taste. Too bad since it was good.
Is a very good course, but need a administrator in the final proyect that some person don't have the skill or goodwill to correct seriusly. This is so irritating.
Not focused on what I thought it will be. Quizzes that ask you question after question about the history pf  PV in USA and certifications and which institution offer what certification and which certification depends on you being a qualified technician - I DON'T CARE. This isn't what I signed up for and I will not be paying to get a certification because I do not want to go through the pain of filling a 15 questions quizz about this.
Nice course to get started with the solar basics. Can include few more MATH quiz sections felt it like those are very few..
Couse interesting by itself, but unfortunately can't pass it, due to payment requirements. Can't afford it. Usually payments for certification, but here you have to pay for a quizes
The course is very extensive and complete, covering most of the basic concepts of photovoltaics, from technical/material aspects to financial and employment ones. Some of the concepts and models are confusing as they are a bit out of date and mostly applicable to United States, but can be compared to the rest of the world using links provided. The specialisation isn't enough to guarantee a start in a career in PV, as it points out it is necessary to have other backgrounds in engineering or electricity to manage that goal. But all in all it is a great experience and knowledge achievement, encouraging and rich, giving a feeling of understanding a good amount of basics in this sector, so I strongly recommend it if someone's looking to acquire a first approach into this technology. Looking forward to next specialisations!
it is a good training for introduction to Solar Energy design and installation.However, it was expected to have modules about design the complete PV system, including Inverter DC/AC selection, battery charger selection, battery backup system calculation, orientation of panels, solar panels connection options depending on building orientation...Maybe a second course would be highly appreciated, a course which involves all the mentioned topics.Thanks!
Hello,i am András from Hungary. I enjoyed this course very much, it was clearly understandable and provided a very good overview on this topic. I am working with PV for a while now as a projectmanager and investor. This course gave me lot of useful information on the background, because i was mainly focusing on the financial side till now.This is a very good course for those who need basic info.The Forum should be a bit more active.Regards,András
I expected to learn more indeed about how to design a photovoltaic system and what components to use depending on the size of the system (PV modules, Charge Controllers, Power inverter,  Batteries for energy storage, Meters, and miscellaneous components like wiring, cables, connectors, conduit and brackets).  Over all is a good course. I learned a lot because I didn't know anything about Solar Energy. Instructor Neal Abrams explains very good.
The course is very good for mechanical engineering undergrads because it's covers the essential aspects, leaving the solar cell electronics realm and giving a good overview of energy and insolation conceptions. The only disappointment is that it does only focus on United States when it comes to insolation maps, or careers and certifications in solar energy. This should be corrected for the international students.
The course starts off with great depth of detail. The instructor is clear and well spoken. Material is divided well into clear sections. My only complaint is that the last couple of weeks were less useful than the first three, in which PV system basics were very well covered. I feel the course could have done more to cover system design and BOS concepts.
Pretty happy with course until I finished module 1 quiz and could not submit it unless I upgraded to a certificate. I have taken several Courses on here and it is the first one I could not submit a quiz without upgrading... Felt like a bait and switch. I am learning for my own growth not for a certificate!
The course has an interesting overview of Solar Energy, however, during the course, the instructor mentions other courses to complete a non-existent specialization. As a student, I was disappointed because I paid the course to continue the specialization.
I have enjoyed the course, they gave us a good information for starting in this beautiful work,  I recommend it, I love if they give us more information about the array but it is a good beginning. I hope to study more details in the next courses.
There is some thing to be concentrated on review of projects. What i think is some are simply rejcting becuase thier project are not submitted or not checking the project in detail. Hence i request pay some attention in this regard.
I don't like the final project was scored or checking for other students, I mean,  It would be better if we got feedback from an expert or for the person who created this course, 
by the way, It was really good also really helpful
Great course with all the required exercises and easy to understand. provided all the basics and the knowledge of photovoltaic s as well as energy consumption and one more helpful thing about course was the capstone project.
Complete knowledge about solar energy. Learn to calculate load, sun hour, array size.Best thing is course test contains less MCQ, more logical and math questions.Project improves confidence in the field of solar energy.
It's a Amazing course with very deep knowledge and information about solar enrgy and photovoltaics.If you are a beginner or a expert in this field no matter this course will absolutely made you expert in solar energy .
I learned about Solar Energy Basics. Starting from equipment and materials that are used, followed by principles of operation and completed by selection of PV Modules for specific buildings based on Energy demand.
the course content is very good for starting off from basics of solar photovoltaics. concepts are explained properly. assignment problem and quizzes were also very interesting. real recommendable.
Nice course, got to learn many new things. Previously very few knowledge about solar energy. but after taking this  course, i learnt a lot of things, PV modules, efficiency, insoaltion, STC etc.
Very well explained and structured.But I would have preferred that a certified teacher or instructor review the assignments, and not the students.
it was a great learning experience. Instructor way of teaching is fantastic. I recommend that for everyone who is interested in Solar career.
This course help me to give the basic idea about installation of PV system and also help to learn some of the basic Knowledge about solar.
▲
Very good course to get started in the world of renewable energy and become familiar with essential concepts and basic calculations.
Solar energy basics course is good for electrical engineering students and I complete this course is is very useful for me
Good Course for learning Solar Energy basics, A good introduction to the work of Solar energy and its applications
I would like to now more about how to organize the array, and in which cases use it (Paralell or series string)
Very useful videos and awesome lectures.., Good practice for Solar Panel Calculations against Residential Load
gained knowledge on solar panels and installation and calculations involved. overall great course.
It is very important course for everyone who is going to be understand photovoltaic fundamentals.
Need to mention the solar angles and how it affect the efficiency of the solar panel system
This course has been really beneficial while writing my paper on solar leasing in Africa.
Maybe some cheat sheets were calculations are made an explained would help out.
Good background, can be complemented with more detail, i did loke it a lot.
Explain in more easy way and take pause in continuously speaking.
It was first time I gain knowledge about solar.... Thats nice...
Good and practical information and done in an understanding way
A good course for learning the basics of Photovoltaic systems.
Design of industrial systems 100MW and above should be coverd
Really great experience with this course in Coursera!
This project must very interesting and knowledgeable
Learnt more about solar. Was nice learning here.
Almost cover all basics concept of solar PV.
According to ques the class is not be taken
Very knowledgeable, clear and simple words
PLEASE make the course less US centric
amazing course to get a head start!
Good course.. Easy to understand
Best course also much useful.
Excellent, I learned a lot
Nice for my pg degree.
Good quality
Nice introduction to practical solar installations.  The lecture was clear and appropriate. The materials were easy to follow.
This course is excellent! It includes all the important topics you need to know about solar energy and it is easy to understand. Definitely, it was a great decision to take it.
it was a great learning experience. Instructor way of teaching is fantastic. I recommend that for everyone who is interested in Solar career.
Very good overview of solar energy and practical knowledge as well as end of course project. to improve, there should be more involvement from faculty in the project as the peer-review is flaw.
I am very interested in the solar energy studies .basically I am a electrical engineering student.The coursera gave me a free chance to learn more about solar panel and it's installations.
to the point and precise course on the basics. do able on just one weekend.
it helps me a lot in my career
Hello everyone,The course will help the participant to understand renewable energy generation systems, energy scenario and also in depth knowledge of SPV system implementation.I loved the course a lot as the instructor makes the concept understand very easily. Also way of calculations is explained very neatly.Thank you MVPS'S KBTCOE and COURSERA
This course was in my opinion an interactive one, easy to understand, during the course I acquired certain skills that made me understand better and develop on the side of solar systems. I would like to thank The State University of New York for this course but also to Neal Abrams for the excellent teaching method.
Nice Course. Full modelling of PV sizing and estimation of the energy demand of any site learned by this course.Very Much useful for installing and an overall idea about the solar industry.
Very good as an introduction to the topic.
This is a great course. I began gaining interest for renewable energies about two years ago and I always tried to find ways to gain knowledge, especially about solar panels. So I would watch YouTube videos and research through articles here and there and they were good enough for me to get by, however with this course I learnt so much more and I already feel capable of taking the next step in this journey which is to gain practical experience and be able to understand each and every part of a PV array system. Thank God for this course and I pray I continue to have a successful journey in this endeavor.
I would like to thank you and your team for this great course, I'm really appreciated, it was very helpful as starting in this field, and I will be the first one who will take all your next courses
I really like this course.  Great info!
I enjoyed this course very much. It's an application based course. Although I think while calculating PV size there is a portion where you have to divide Target power to Annual Sun Hour and then divide it by efficiency. There is a certain mismatch between two sides of the equation. But overall, it was a nice experience to go through. I was looking forward to joining second part of this 4 part course. Although I got an email about joining the second course, clicking there I could not find the second course. There is no link for the 'Keep learning' option right now.
This course is very much useful for improving the knowledge in photovoltaics installation, audit calculation and improving my career as well. The explanation by the tutor in the lectures can be easily understood by anyone and has many key points which are useful in  PV industry. I acquired the knowledge with help of this course.Thank you coursera for providing me such platform and course to improve my skill set.I recommend whoever is keen and interested to learn and improve their skill in solar PV to take this course
Very good course...I learnt lots of things about solar energy. I found this course very valuable. Solar energy is going to use in future almost in every sector. Till 2050 it would become main source of energy and most of the country will use 80% of electricity production from solar energy. So more professional courses should have been available on coursera. But still I found this course very helpful. I think this course will help me in future for implementing the renewable energy sources in my country.
I liked how the course delved into the subject matter.  The teaching was effortless and so was learning. I strictly recommend it for people who are interested in solar energy. I request you to add some content about different measures of irradiation such as GHI, DNI and GNI so that students can better understand the significance of those measures and their applications. Finally, I thank SUNY for making such a good course.
"I can't really express how much this certificate means to me. This acknowledgement is something that I will cherish throughout my life and would always look upon in those times when I feel low.This course build my confidence about the solar energy field in electrical system that's why I know more knowledge about it and thank you so much ko Syria app thank you so much.
Very interesting to get in touch with this technology. We dig a bit (but not too much) into some technical aspects which make some lessons very important.Just please, try to fix the issue of people cheating for the final exam, it is quite frustrating and you have worked and you review two exactly identical submissions which all come from an online website...
Very interesting, useful and profitable, spend time to finish this course. The teacher directs the lectures very well and focused on the practical, so that the objectives searched are fully achieved. Thanks coursera and the tutor who was in charge of the course, for giving this magnificent and well oriented teaching. EXCELLENT.
I love this course a lot, I never did any peer-graded assignment in my previous courses. Here, I did pre-graded assignment, so my knowledge must be checked by some other skilled student. Then, I will know my knowledge is upto level or not. I got two skills from this course 1.Estimation of electrical loads. 2.PV System basics.
it's a very good course. I just want to give an opinion that if the concerned university to add topics like making the design of a PV system that contains how the wiring from Solar panel to the inverter and then to the battery is done. how to make a layout diagram for the whole system. I hope you got my point. thanks
I found this class on the ESF website and I thought it sounded coll, low and behold it was and I feel like I learned a lot. It wasn't stressful and it was easy to go at my own pace. There's physics/math, science, economics, and a bit of history. It was really cool 10/10 would take again
The Course clearly explained how to calculate the load estimation and design the PV system. Different PV materials used are well explained with their pros and cons. Calculating the PV module efficiency is the key point explained. Different PV financial models are clearly explained.
Well prepared course, really clarify my view about solar energy systems, designing and calculations. Also it gives me a wide view about the certifications in the field and how to use energy tools and websites, thanks to our instructor and to coursera platform for this opportunity.
The teacher is really good, with good speach and easy to understand, and this is very important for this course, especially for students from other cities. I am a environmental engeneering student and this was very important for me. Thank you very much!!
A great course with a lot of information. Thank you for this course. There were several mentions about this course being in a specialization but sadly I do not think its is part of any specialization. If it was I would have taken those courses also.
Easy to follow, well explained, simple and at the same time full of information and knowledge. The topics are well organized and the structure of the course follows a line that makes it easier to understand.I am enrolling to the next one for sure.
Very good for people want to learn about solar system.Including all the basic formulas and principle of solar panel system. Not only that but it is also include about the materials, history, the growth in the future, type of solar installation.
I feel very happy to complete this training. This training helps me a lot to understand the basics of solar energy as well as calculation of energy consumption. This will help me in future to evaluate solar technology in different projects.
Thank you Coursera by conducting very important & useful courses for various students. Its wonderful platform developed by Coursera to learn at any moment of time. Thanks again.. I will continue to learn new courses in future.
An apt course for a beginner in Photovoltaics also even if he is from a different academic background. Videos, quizzes and projects completetely help to facilitate the basics of solar power and emerging technologies.
Good course. The methodology was excellent, all lessons were prepared very good, teacher was excellent, good teachings. I learned a lot of things. I greatly appreciate all help provided. Thank you. See you later.
Very Informative course. Explained all concept in very simple way that's the beauty of the course. From this course we will understand how the solar energy used in proper manner to achieved our energy need.
Very Useful course for those who has an interest in Photovoltaics. The instructor's explanation  was extraordinary. I Thank  the instructor very much for giving a complete insight into Solar Cell Basics.
Really great and Excellent basics along with learning photovoltaic process and other interesting concepts of solar installations and calculations of various parameters.Excellent lectures and guidance
Very usefull information explained in a simple but precise form.This motivates me to continue learning about solar energy, in particular PV.The next step is to design and install a PV.
This is a good course to gain the basic knowledge of solar energy and photovoltaic systems. It's been a great opportunity  to improve and gain the skills from the Coursera platform..
Very interested, I enjoyed every bit of the lessons and I am happy for the knowledge I have now looking forward to to starting the next course in the specialisation immediately
Very interesting and informative course. Will be happy to take up the next course in this field of work on Coursera 👍🏻 Thanks to all the facilitator/s of this course. 🙏🏻
Really great and Excellent basics along with learning photovoltaic process and other interesting concepts of solar installations and calculations of various parameters.
The information presented in this course was superb and excellently presented in the easiest way possible, the persenter Dr. Neal Abrams is an excellent lecturer.
This course made me to understand a lot about solar energy & the installation of solar panels & the different criteria....This will be very useful for my career.
This course helped me a lot and also brushed up my knowledge on some aspects where i was weak. Perfect one for the beginners and intermediate learners.
good course it will help u in your final year projects if your dealing with any renewable sources and it gives you a idea pf what future could be .
Very good corse for the ones who have a keen interest in Solar Energy Sector! The explanation by the instructor is very lucid and upto the mark.
It was very good and I got lot of exposure in world of Solar energy and alternate renewable energy resources. It was very nice experience.
i get to know more about solar PV in this online program. the teaching mechanism is good and as well as the instructor is perfect. thanks
It was probably the best and interesting course that i have come across coursera . The instructor was just awesome. Meda salam akhae
Excellent Course. Learned a lot.  Maybe it was just me but I certainly needed a lot more than 2.5 hrs per week but time well spent.
One of the best courses. The instructor made it more easy to get all the difficult points. Very helpful for future implementation.
This course will help you to learn from basics of pv to expertise in energy audits and solar panel requirements in required area.
These course is very helpful for the electrical and mechanical engineering to understand the basics of solar panel installation.
Excellent course to gain knowledge regarding Solar Energy.All things included in this course from Installation to Certification.
I have learned a lot especially through capstone project. Thank you Dr. Neal Abrams  for make this Course useful and effective.
Thanks for helping us to know about some thing about renewable energy . Before this course , I was only familiar with two things of renewable energy such as hydro electric and nuclear energy.I didn't know the huge advancement of solar energy where before invention of photovoltic transformation in this process the success is not acceptable.After ther invention of silicon as a photo voltic transforming particle this site see the unbelieveable success. It's one of the amazing things that only 100 years later it's efficiency increase more than 100% and cost also reduce 98%. This course is totally awesome for all of us.Thanks a lot again.
As a professional from the Sustainable field, The Solar Energy Basics course has been extremely helpful in enhancing my understanding and skills of the calculations & conversions of photovoltaics. This course was informative, well presented, and graspable. I would like to thank The State University of New York & Mr. Neil Abrahams for his effort in teaching us explicitly. I'm grateful to Coursera for this opportunity.
It has been a perfect course to get started in the world of renewable energy and especially in photovoltaics. The course is very well organized, you can follow the explanations and the instructor is very competent. The capstone project is very well planned and in addition to practicing the contents of the course you have the opportunity to review the work of other students from different parts of the world.
This course was extremely educational! It covers all the mentioned topics very well. My expectations of learning about solar systems were met and exceeded as it also taught me about how to apply the knowledge real world situations. The knowledge I gained in this course will help me tremendously to proceed seeking a career in Photovoltaics!
I'm an electrical engineering student in 6th semester. In this course I learned many new things regarding, a pathway to PV specialization, special Thanks to coursera authorities and respected Sir.
Its very informative course about SOLAR Energy & Fundamentals of PV system Designing .It will surly help in future for advance PV System designing .Also I wish to work in Renewable Energy Sector.
Highly recommendable to get foundations of Solar Energy.  Congratulations to the SUNY team, very clear learning.  Thank you
This course is really found useful for fundamentals of PV,site selection for installation of PV and design of PV system.
This course is very useful for any one because this course is covered  solar power , solar energy and other components.
It was a great learning experience. Have learned so many new things associated with solar energy, pv panels and etc
I liked this course because the information and explanation of this was very good and clear, highly recommendable.
amazing course. it was a great learning experience with instructor.I learnt lots of new things about solar energy.
Great for beginners - I appreciate the content for basic understanding and also the thoroughness of the instructor
Learning more about electrical appliances and solar uses and their efficiency and how to utilize the solar energy
We can know the energy consumption about at our residential and many industries and can control the  power supply
It was a great experience in learning this course. I have learnt many things and this course is really awesome.
Thank you very much. The way of presentation is excellent It is really helped to enhance my Knowledge Thank you
Right from beginning of course to end. I totally satisfactory,I thank you to all for such excellent course.
one of the best course i have ever done...everything is explained perfectly.love you sir..love you coursera
Very very good course.  Interesting.  Better than any book to explain the basics and learn to do the math.
The instructor really make it pretty easy to go through!Hope there is more advanced course on solar soon!!
Very useful and helps to calculate all important calculation required for installing the PV. Thanks a lot
Solar Energy Basics course is worthy. from this course i have experienced in practical thinking.thank you
it was a very good course while I have learned a lot of solar power technology from this course thank you
Excellent course for system design residential, commercial, industrial level, for adding battery sizing.
The way of teaching is fantastic. I hope he'll make new videos fit those who have completed this course.
THIS COURSE GAVE AN INCITE OF THE SOLAR WORLD WHICH MADE LOOK INTO MORE ABOUT RENEWABLE ENERGY SOURCES.
Good course for a student like me and being a farmer child it is knowledgeable can utilize on our farm.
I learned pv systems basics which will help me in building new career afterwards.I liked this course.
Extremely well experience. Now I can go for designing my PV System for my residence.Thankyou so much.
Excellent Course!! Thank you very much Professor and Team members.. Happy and Gained Good Knowledge..
Wonderful course! I would like to thank the Professor for providing neat foundation to Solar energy.
Superb course. I just loved it and will recommend whoever wants to learn the basics of this course.
Highly informative and well structured course. For a beginner this is the best course i recommend.
Very Good, but hope the calculation and selection of the other important accessories be included
An excellent course to start learning about renewable energy, specifically solar power plants.
Excellent Instructor. There should a specialization for Solar PV with a significant capstone.
Well organized class that gives a great overview of all aspects of the solar panel industry.
One of the best courses. Nice presentation. excellently organized the topic. Really Love it
It is a good course for who wants to learn about solar panel installation and Solar Energy.
I learned a lot! it has a really good teaching method and I'd love to do more SUNY courses.
very simple and elegant  explanation and good material , its a good start for all engineers
Nice and easy ,  for those who wants to step in this industry ， this is a perfect course.
It is very practical oriented course. Has good practical knowledge. Teaching is perfect.
very nice course for anyone who want to come in this field must prefer it.and go for it.
Great course to learn by SUNY. Wonderful Experience. I thank Coursera for their support.
A great Course to start in Solar PV Field for trades,professional engineers and learners
Very good course. Enjoyed thoroughly while learning. Thank you for this amazing course.
It is great course. It tells you from basic level to advance level about solar system.
Truly knowledgeable course. The last assignment i.e. Capstone Project is worth taking.
Good and excellent course it is out of which i learn in this, thank you very much sir
Very good course of solar energy...it gives very important knowledge of solar system
This course has been very helpful for me to advance my career, thank you coursera
Nice course, learnt a lot on installation, design, market and others. Recommended
This Course gives the basic Solar Knowledge in  a simple way and more practice .
This a good course for basic knowledge of solar energy and solar panel working
Awesome course to increase your knowledge and skills about solar energy basics
This course provide me the knowledge of solar energy utilisation for future .
I learned few basics of solar energy and useful house hold power calculations
Amazing course got to learn so many thing about solar energy  just go for it.
The course is excellent. I highly recommend all those interested to start it
A very good teaching from the solar systems and a more practical approach
Excellent
course. Is pretty Good learn about terms and technical language
It is a very nice course and very useful for the solar energy addictives.
The instructor as well the course was very good and pretty  well planed
Its a very good course for learning about the basics  of solar energy.
Great include small videos of pv installation also. thank you so much.
A very good course which included all the aspects of PV installation.
necessary and best suited job for electrical enginneer in modern era
Nice course.i have learnt so such about solar panels and its working
Very useful course to understand basic of solar panel installation.
The course had a good flow, interactive quiz and useful assignment
Very good course.. It explains all the basics about solar energy.
Great course, great instructor. Thank you SUNY Online & Coursera!
Very informative course. Indeed enjoyed the learning experience.
It is a well designed course. I learnt various things about PV.
A great course to start with for having a career in renewables.
I got the basics of Solar Energy. Course outcomes are attained.
Very complete and clear. I learn a lot of new things in a day!
EXPLANATION IS VERY CLEAR. IT CREATED A LOT  OF INTEREST IN ME
BEST LEARNING WEBSITE I LIKE IT VERYYYYYYYYYYY MUCHHHHHHHHHHH
It is very good platform to learn and develop your knowledge.
knowledge which i have gained is wonderful and very helpful.
A nicely constructed course by the instructors...great job.
Thought the course was very useful.  Thankyou for producing
This course helped me gain more insights about solar energy
It's an amazing course thank you so much .It's very helpful
Very useful course and gained lot of knowledge of PV array
good solar overview and self learn about system and sizing
good course, you get a great opportunity to learn from it
One of the best course I have came across really helpful.
excellent course and take good knowledge from this course
This is a great knowledge in present time and future time
the course is very informative. it is a very good course
Amazing course to learn about the basics of solar energy
Great to start in the world of PV systems. Good content.
AWESOME EXPERIANCE AND VERY INFOMATIVE AND EDUCATIONAL
Excellent course I liked it a lot and I learned a lot
very informative and helpful in practical application
This is very important for knowledge in engineering .
Very good course learned basics very happy for that,
Effectively delivering Lecturer.  Easy to understand
These course very much help us to design a PV system
It was a nice course to learn. I  enjoyed learning
very helpful and very nicely taught by the mentor
Very Good course.Good experience while studying.
Overall course is worth. Very difficult to pass.
Very good site for students for online courses.
Excellent course. Instructor was good. Thanks.
Helpful information and well organized program
it is very good site to learn what do you want
the very informative program, i learned a lot
Quality Content with relevant Quality quizzes
Love the courseLove their method of teaching
Amazing course. So much to learn from this .
very good course and instructor is very good
It is very useful course, excellent........
one of the BEST course to learn about Solar
Excellent course. Instructor is very good!
It was a great experience from the course.
Well put together and easy to understand!
Learned more about PV's and their sizing
Fantastic Lecture By Prof. Nael Abrahams
This was a great and informative course.
Very good course And very useful content
learnt most of the basics as a beginner
Good Course. You will learn some skills
Good Course to understand  Solar system
Nice, I have learnt a lot about PV cell
One of the best courses in solar energy
Very good experience and well teached.
Good course to gain knowledge on Solar
Very well designed & nicely explained.
excellent course......thanks professor
It was great, the info was phenomenal
Everything i asked for! simply great!
Very useful course for the beginners.
Good course. Helpful for researchers.
It is a very good course .I like it.
Very useful course ... Thank you 💚
the course content was really good
good course to do , alot to learn.
very useful for future generations
very good course for the beginners
very informative and easy learning
Easy to follow. Very informative.
Very informative and resourceful.
Very Well Explained about Basics
Learned a lot about solar basics
Thank you for this great course.
Its a great course for beginners
Very good platform for the study
it is a really excellent course.
The course in very interesting!!
It was great I learned so much.
Thanks! It was a great course!
Informative and meaty course!
this is  very helpful to me.
Best course of solar Energy
Best but not basic ofcourse
really enjoyed the course.
Nice course!Good work team
It was great experience...
A very very good course!!
tnx for nice information
perfect to give a start
Great learning with sir
BEST ONLINE COURSE SITE
Exceptional learning!
Best way of teaching
Excellent Training!
Hands-on knowledge!
It is really great!
Awesome Project..
Very interesting.
is a great course
very good cores
good for basic
It's fabolous
very prescise
goood course
great thanks
so great!!!
